JUSTICE THOMAS, dissenting.
Applicants are manufacturers and distributors of mife-
pristone, a drug that is primarily designed to cause abor-
tion. They complain that the Fifth Circuit's order would
reduce profits they derive from selling mifepristone. I
would deny their applications because they have not satis-
fied their burden for securing interim relief.
I write separately to note that, as Louisiana argued be-
low, it is a criminal offense to ship mifepristone for use in
abortions. The Comstock Act bans using "the mails" to ship
2 DANCO LABORATORIES, LLC v. LOUISIANA

THOMAS, J., dissenting

any "drug... for producing abortion." 18 U. S. C.. A
neighboring provision makes it a felony to use "any express
company or other common carrier or interactive computer
service" to ship "any drug... designed, adapted, or in-
tended for producing abortion.". Applicants
"[s]hip mifepristone... to certified pharmacies," which, in
turn, must "ship mifepristone using a shipping service" to
users. FDA, Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy
(REMS) Single Shared System for Mifepristone 200 MG,
pp. 3, 4 (Jan. 2023), https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/
drugsatfda_docs/rems/Mifepristone_2023_01_03_REMS_
Full.pdf (archived at https://perma.cc/T7D6-QZ5R). As rel-
evant to this case, mifepristone shipped to Louisiana, which
bans abortion, causes nearly 1,000 abortions per month.
"All of this violates the Comstock Act." Alliance for Hippo-
cratic Medicine v. FDA, 78 F. 4th 210, 268 (CA5 2023) (Ho,
J., concurring in part and dissenting in part), rev'd on other
grounds, (2024).
Applicants are not entitled to a stay of an adverse court
order based on lost profits from their criminal enterprise.
They cannot, in any legally relevant sense, be irreparably
harmed by a court order that makes it more difficult for
them to commit crimes. And, whereas it would "serve the
public interest" to "reduc[e]" applicants' "opportunity to
commit crimes," Zedner v. United States, 
(2006), a stay would have the opposite effect.
I respectfully dissent.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A1207
_________________

DANCO LABORATORIES, LLC v. LOUISIANA, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
_________________

No. 25A1208
_________________

GENBIOPRO, INC. v. LOUISIANA, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[May 14, 2026]

JUSTICE ALITO, dissenting.
The Court's unreasoned order granting stays in this case
is remarkable. What is at stake is the perpetration of a
scheme to undermine our decision in Dobbs v. Jackson
Women's Health Organization, (2022), which
restored the right of each State to decide how to regulate
abortions within its borders. Some States responded to
Dobbs by making it even easier to obtain an abortion than
it was before, and that is their prerogative. Other States,
including Louisiana, made abortion illegal except in narrow
circumstances. See, e.g., La. Rev. Stat. Ann..1061
et seq. But Louisiana's efforts have been thwarted by cer-
tain medical providers, private organizations, and States
that abhor laws like Louisiana's and seek to undermine
their enforcement.
These medical providers and private organizations have
developed an operation enabling women in Louisiana and
other States that restrict abortions to place an online order
for a pill called mifepristone that induces abortion. See,
e.g., Aid Access, Get Abortion Pill Online in Louisiana -- Or-
der Here, https://aidaccess.org/en/page/2934664/where-can-
2 DANCO LABORATORIES, LLC v. LOUISIANA

ALITO, J., dissenting

i-buy-the-abortion-pill-online-in-louisiana (archived at
https://perma.cc/NW2Z-M4B9). After an order is placed,
the drug is mailed to women in Louisiana. The manufac-
turers of the drug, including Danco and GenBioPro, are ob-
viously aware of what is going on yet nevertheless supply
the drug and reap profits from its felonious use in Louisi-
ana.
One might think that Louisiana could stop or impede this
out-of-state interference in its law enforcement by bringing
civil actions or criminal charges against the participants in
this scheme. But States have effectively blocked these ef-
forts by enacting so-called "shield laws," which prevent Lou-
isiana from visiting any adverse legal consequences on the
perpetrators. See, e.g., N. Y. Exec. Law -- x (barring
state officials from cooperating with other States' efforts to
take civil or criminal action relating to illegal abortions);
N. Y. Educ. Law.1-a (exempting mifepristone from
the requirement that prescription labels bear the prescrib-
ing medical provider's name); see also App. to Opposition to
Applications for a Stay or Vacatur 462 -- 463 (La. App.) (re-
porting that New York Governor Kathy Hochul has refused
to extradite a doctor who allegedly prescribed and sent
abortifacients into Louisiana). As a result, more abortions
now occur each month in Louisiana than they did before
Dobbs. La. App. 519. By one count, nearly 1,000 abortions
occur there each month. Ibid.
This scheme would not have been possible under FDA
regulations had the federal government not taken steps in
2021 and 2023 to facilitate mail-order abortions. Since the
FDA first approved mifepristone in 2000, the drug has been
subject to "Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies"
(REMS) to ensure that its benefits outweigh its risks. See
21 U. S. C. -- 1. For two decades, REMS for mifepris-
tone required that patients meet in person with a medical
provider to administer the drug. FDA v. Alliance for Hip-
pocratic Medicine, -- 376 (2024). In 2021,
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

however, the FDA adopted a policy of nonenforcement as to
the in-person-dispensing requirements. Id., at 376.
The following year, after our decision in Dobbs, the Biden
Administration announced that it would "use every lever"
it had to "ensure every American has access to... medica-
tion abortion that has been approved by the FDA for over
20 years," an obvious reference to mifepristone. La. App.
244. The FDA pulled one of those levers in 2023 when it
formally eliminated the in-person-dispensing requirement
in the mifepristone REMS, removing a signifcant regula-
tory barrier from schemes to undermine Dobbs.
Since then, the Secretary of Health and Human Services
has admitted that the FDA gave inadequate consideration
to patient safety when it approved the 2023 REMS. La.
App. 478. Because concerns have arisen "about the safety
of mifepristone as currently administered" under the 2023
REMS, the Secretary announced that the FDA would con-
duct a study to determine whether changes to the REMS
are needed. Ibid. Nevertheless, the FDA has not yet acted,
and the 2023 REMS remain in place.
In an effort to stop ongoing schemes to subvert its abor-
tion laws, Louisiana sued the FDA under the Administra-
tive Procedure Act. Citing the Secretary's concerns about
the 2023 REMS, the State challenges the removal of the in-
person-dispensing requirement for mifepristone as arbi-
trary, capricious, and unlawful. La. App. 4, 46 -- 50. The
District Court denied Louisiana's request for interim relief,
but the Fifth Circuit suspended the 2023 changes pending
appeal. Louisiana v. FDA, ___ F. 4th ____ (CA5 2026); see
5 U. S. C.. Danco and GenBioPro then filed these stay
applications, and the FDA takes no position on this matter,
even though it concerns the question whether an important
rule that it has found to be flawed will remain in force for
some unknown period of time.
I would deny the applications because, as things now
stand, the manufacturers have failed to show that they face
4 DANCO LABORATORIES, LLC v. LOUISIANA

ALITO, J., dissenting

irreparable injury, without which this Court may not grant
a stay. Hollingsworth v. Perry, (2010)
(per curiam). Unless the Fifth Circuit's order spurs the
FDA into moving on its safety review, there is no indication
that the Fifth Circuit's order will adversely affect the man-
ufacturers whatsoever in the near future. All the evidence
is to the contrary. In the two years before the 2023 REMS
changes, the FDA declined to enforce the in-person-dispens-
ing requirement, and the FDA seeks to maintain that sta-
tus quo until it completes an internal safety review of the
mifepristone REMS, which is unlikely to end this year. See
Defendant's Memorandum in Support of Motion to Stay the
Case and in Response to Plaintiffs' Motion for Preliminary
Relief in Louisiana v. FDA, No. 6-25-cv-1491 (WD La.), ECF
Doc. 51, pp. 4, 11 -- 12. Indeed, there is evidence that FDA
leadership has told agency officials to delay that safety re-
view for at least six months. La. App. 556. So, at present,
it is most unlikely that the manufacturers would be at all
affected by the Fifth Circuit's order for quite some time.
That could conceivably change if the Fifth Circuit's order
were left in place and the FDA were spurred to speed up its
safety review, but our disposition of this application cannot
be predicated on the assumption that that will occur.
We must instead proceed on the basis of what is known
at present, and without any current indication that the
FDA plans to resume enforcing the in-person-dispensing re-
quirement, there is no reason to believe that the manufac-
turers could not continue their current distribution prac-
tices.*
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* In that event, it would be unlikely that Louisiana (or anyone else)

could force the FDA's hand. The FDA would have a plausible argument
that its nonenforcement reflects a decision "committed to agency discre-
tion," 5 U. S. C. (2), and would thus be immune from judicial re-
view under Heckler v. Chaney, (1985). In fact, the FDA
previously made this very argument about its nonenforcement of the in-
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

ALITO, J., dissenting

If the FDA were to execute an abrupt about-face and com-
mence enforcement of the in-person-dispensing require-
ment, the manufacturers could promptly reapply for stays
at that time. But even were that to happen, the manufac-
turers have not shown that they would suffer irreparable
injury. The manufacturers spent just 3 of their 80-plus
pages of applications trying to make this showing. See Ap-
plication to Stay in No. 25A1207, pp. 35 -- 36; Application to
Stay in 25A1208, p. 35. To the extent that the manufactur-
ers address this issue at all, they refer mostly to regulatory
uncertainty that would result from a suspension of the 2023
REMS changes. Yet they fail to explain why the effect of
the Fifth Circuit's order is not simply to restore the pre-
2023 REMS, under which the manufacturers successfully
operated for years. As we have already explained in FDA
v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, (2024),
a order suspending the FDA's changes to REMS allows
a manufacturer to continue selling a drug subject to the pre-
vious set of regulatory requirements. 602 U. S., at 377.†
The manufacturers contend that resuming compliance
with those requirements would involve inconvenient pro-
cesses, such as updating prescriber agreements or adjust-
ing pharmacy-distribution operations. But without any
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
person-dispensing requirement. See Defendants' Opposition to Plain-
tiffs' Motion for a Preliminary Injunction in Alliance for Hypocritic Med-
icine v. FDA, No. 2:22-cv-223 (ND Tex.) ECF Doc. 28, p. 20. For these reasons, the manufacturers have not shown that they face
any imminent risk of irreparable harm.

† In arguing to the contrary, Danco relies on an FDA declaration in the

Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine litigation. See Application to Stay in
No. 25A1207, p. 35. But that declaration does not dispute that a 
order causes the REMS "to revert to those in place prior to" the chal-
lenged amendments. App. to Application to Stay in FDA v. Alliance for
Hippocratic Medicine, O. T. 2022, No. 22A902, p. 113a. Rather, the dec-
laration simply explains that the manufacturers would need to take ad-
ditional steps to come into compliance with the old rules. Id., at 113a -- 
116a.
6 DANCO LABORATORIES, LLC v. LOUISIANA

ALITO, J., dissenting

effort to show the extent of these burdens, such inconven-
iences are insufficient to constitute the requisite showing of
irreparable harm.
GenBioPro makes a passing reference to the possibility of
lost sales. See Application to Stay in 25A1208, p. 35. But
lost sales in States where abortifacients are generally ille-
gal are not "irreparable injuries" that can justify granting a
stay. See United States v. United Liquor Corporation, 210 (1956) (Reed, J., in chambers) (denying a
stay when the alleged irreparable injury was the defend-
ant's inability to engage in conduct that amounted to an un-
lawful conspiracy). Our decision to grant a stay is an exer-
cise of equitable discretion, Indiana State Police Pension
Trust v. Chrysler LLC, (2009) (per cu-
riam), and equity demands that profits from unlawful ac-
tivity be surrendered, not protected, see Liu v. SEC, -- 80 (2020). As for States where abortion is le-
gal, neither Danco nor GenBioPro explains why mifepris-
tone sales would dry up if the in-person-dispensing require-
ment resumed. And even if the Fifth Circuit's order
affected sales in those States to some degree, the manufac-
turers do not establish that the lost profits would be so sig-
nificant as to constitute irreparable injury. See Wisconsin
Gas Co. v. FERC, 758 F. 2d 669, 674 (CADC 1985) (per cu-
riam) (holding that a private party must show a threat to
"the very existence of [its] business" to establish irreparable
injury).
Because the manufacturers have not shown that they
face any imminent risk of irreparable injury, the Court
must deny these applications regardless of how they fare on
the other stay factors. I therefore respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS and
JUSTICE GORSUCH join, concurring.
The dissent in this suit levels charges that cannot go un-
answered. The dissent would require that the 2026 con-
gressional elections in Louisiana be held under a map that
has been held to be unconstitutional.* The dissent does not
claim that it is now too late for the state legislature or the
District Court to adopt a new map that complies with the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*That constitutional question was argued and conferenced nearly
seven months ago.
2 CALLAIS v. LOUISIANA

ALITO, J., concurring

Constitution. Nor does the dissent assert that it is not fea-
sible for the elections to be held under such a map. Instead,
the dissent offers two reasons for its proposed course of ac-
tion. One is trivial at best, and the other is baseless and
insulting.
The first is compliance with the 32-day default rule set
out in this Court's Rule 45.3, but as the Court's order ex-
plains, there is good reason to depart from the default rule
here. The principal reason for the 32-day default rule is to
give a losing party time to prepare a petition for rehearing.
But here, the Robinson appellees have not expressed an in-
tent to file such a petition, much less set out any ground on
which a petition might be based. And the need for prompt
action by this Court is clear. The date scheduled for the
beginning of early voting in the primary election has al-
ready passed. The congressional districting map enacted
by the legislature has been held to be unconstitutional, and
the general election will be held in just six months.
The second reason offered by the dissent is that we should
allow the 32-day period to run out in order to "avoid the
appearance of partiality." Post, at 3 (opinion of JACKSON,
J.). But the dissent does not explain why its insistence on
unthinking compliance with Rule 45.3's default rule does
not create the appearance of partiality (by running out the
clock) on behalf of those who may find it politically advan-
tageous to have the election occur under the unconstitu-
tional map.
The dissent goes on to claim that our decision represents
an unprincipled use of power. See post, at 4 ("And just like
that, those principles give way to power"). That is a ground-
less and utterly irresponsible charge. What principle has
the Court violated? The principle that Rule 45.3's 32-day
default period should never be shortened even when there
is good reason to do so? The principle that we should never
take any action that might unjustifiably be criticized as
partisan?
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

ALITO, J., concurring

The dissent accuses the Court of "unshackl[ing]" itself
from "constraints." Post, at 4. It is the dissent's rhetoric
that lacks restraint.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A1197 (24 -- 109 and 24 -- 110)
_________________

PHILLIP CALLAIS, ET AL., APPLICANTS v.
LOUISIANA, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION TO ISSUE THE JUDGMENT FORTHWITH
[May 4, 2026]

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting.
The Court's decision in these cases has spawned chaos in
the State of Louisiana.
Louisiana's primary elections were scheduled to take
place on May 16, 2026. Accordingly, the State mailed bal-
lots to overseas and military voters on April 1, and to other
voters who qualified to vote by mail on April 26. By April
29 -- the date on which the Court released its decision hold-
ing that Louisiana's current congressional map is an uncon-
stitutional gerrymander, see Louisiana v. Callais, 608 U. S.
___ (2026) -- some Louisiana voters had already mailed back
their filled-in ballots.
The very next day, Louisiana's Governor declared that
Callais "effectively revives" the lower court's prior injunc-
tion against the current electoral map, and suspended the
ongoing primary elections for seats in the U. S. House of
Representatives. La. Exec. Order No. JML 26 -- 038 (Apr. 30,
2026). For its part, the three-judge court below declared
that, due to Callais, "Louisiana will be afforded the oppor-
tunity to enact a Constitutionally compliant map" right
now -- for the election in progress -- and ordered the State to
file a brief "outlining how [it] intends to comply with" the
Callais decision within three days. Order in Callais v.
Landry, No. 24 -- cv -- 122 (WD La.), ECF Doc. 261, p. 1. Ap-
parently, neither the Governor nor the three-judge court
viewed themselves as limited by the fact that this Court had
2 CALLAIS v. LOUISIANA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

yet to issue its certified judgment in these cases; in the or-
dinary course, we do not do so until at least 32 days after
the opinion is released. See this Court's Rule 45.3.1
So, new litigation followed. A candidate and Louisiana
voters who have already submitted their ballots filed suits
against the Governor and the Secretary of State, asserting
that, whatever might happen to Louisiana's congressional
map in the future, this election is already underway and
must continue pursuant to the current maps. See, e.g.,
Complaint in Garcia v. Landry, No. 26 -- cv -- 471 (MD La.),
ECF Doc. 1; Emergency Petition for Injunctive Relief in Na-
tional Council of Jewish Women v. Landry, No. C -- 777814
(La. 19th Jud. Dist., May 1, 2026). Meanwhile, to facilitate
Louisiana's midstream redistricting rush, appellees now
ask us to expedite release of the certified judgment in Cal-
lais. Application 2 -- 3.
These post-Callais developments have a strong political
undercurrent. Louisiana's hurried response to the Callais
decision unfolds in the midst of an ongoing statewide elec-
tion, against the backdrop of a pitched redistricting battle
among state governments that appear to be acting as prox-
ies for their favored political parties.2 And as always, the
Court has a choice. By my count, we have granted an ap-
plication to issue the judgment forthwith over a party's
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In today's order, the Court offers that "Louisiana does not oppose [the

Callais plaintiffs'] application," suggesting that this is a point in favor of
the Court's decision to grant the request. Ante, at 1 (per curiam). But
the reason that Louisiana "takes no position on the Callais plaintiffs' re-
quest" is that neither the Governor nor the Legislature views the State's
ability to "immediately produce a constitutional map and electoral pro-
cess" as "contingent upon when this Court transmits its opinion and
judgment." Louisiana's Response to Application 1 -- 2.
2 See D. Lieb, A Redistricting Battle Among States Has Reshaped the

US House Map Ahead of the Midterm Election, Associated Press, Apr.
30, 2026, https://apnews.com/article/redistricting-congress-gerrymander-
trump-4c5c98bec6af054d13b6275b6917bc86 (archived at https://perma.cc/RVP9 -- MN3W).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

objection only twice in the last 25 years. See Whole
Woman's Health v. Jackson, No. 21A220, 2021 WL 5931622
(Dec. 16, 2021); Order in Adoptive Couple v. Baby Girl, No.
13A7, etc. (June 28, 2013). To avoid the appearance of par-
tiality here, we could, as per usual, opt to stay on the side-
lines and take no position by applying our default proce-
dures.
But, today, the Court chooses the opposite. Not content
to have decided the law, it now takes steps to influence its
implementation. The Court's decision to buck our usual
practice under Rule 45.3 and issue the judgment forthwith
is tantamount to an approval of Louisiana's rush to pause
the ongoing election in order to pass a new map.3
And make no mistake: That course of action does not fol-
low from the Callais decision itself. The question whether
our decision should affect the map to be used in the ongoing
primaries raises a host of legal and political questions that
are entirely independent of the issue in Callais. Among the
legal ones, there is the Court's previous insistence that -- 
even at the cost of letting partisan gamesmanship corrupt
our democracy, see Rucho v. Common Cause, (2019) (KAGAN, J., dissenting) -- courts should not " 'risk
assuming political... responsibility for a [partisan map-
drawing] process that often produces ill will and distrust,' "
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Contrary to JUSTICE ALITO's charges, my conclusion here does not "re-

quire that the 2026 congressional elections in Louisiana be held under a
map that has been held to be unconstitutional." Ante, at 1 (opinion con-
curring in grant of application to issue judgment forthwith). But he is
correct to observe that I am neither "claim[ing] that it is now too late for
the state legislature or the District Court to adopt a new map that com-
plies with the Constitution," nor "assert[ing] that it is not feasible for the
elections to be held under such a map." Id., at 1 -- 2. Indeed, my prefer-
ence is for the Court to stay out of all this, and the best way to do that is
to stick with our default procedures. It is the majority that opts to do
otherwise, thereby seeming to endorse Louisiana's efforts to change its
congressional map during this primary election, before the pending law-
suits have a chance to play out.
4 CALLAIS v. LOUISIANA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

id., at 704 (majority opinion). There is also the so-called
Purcell principle, which we invoked only five months ago to
chide a federal district court for "improperly insert[ing] it-
self into an active primary campaign." Abbott v. League of
United Latin American Citizens, 607 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(per curiam).
The Court unshackles itself from both constraints today
and dives into the fray. And just like that, those principles
give way to power. Because this abandon is unwarranted
and unwise, respectfully, I dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS and
JUSTICE GORSUCH join, concurring.
The dissent in this suit levels charges that cannot go un-
answered. The dissent would require that the 2026 con-
gressional elections in Louisiana be held under a map that
has been held to be unconstitutional.* The dissent does not
claim that it is now too late for the state legislature or the
District Court to adopt a new map that complies with the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*That constitutional question was argued and conferenced nearly
seven months ago.
2 CALLAIS v. LOUISIANA

ALITO, J., concurring

Constitution. Nor does the dissent assert that it is not fea-
sible for the elections to be held under such a map. Instead,
the dissent offers two reasons for its proposed course of ac-
tion. One is trivial at best, and the other is baseless and
insulting.
The first is compliance with the 32-day default rule set
out in this Court's Rule 45.3, but as the Court's order ex-
plains, there is good reason to depart from the default rule
here. The principal reason for the 32-day default rule is to
give a losing party time to prepare a petition for rehearing.
But here, the Robinson appellees have not expressed an in-
tent to file such a petition, much less set out any ground on
which a petition might be based. And the need for prompt
action by this Court is clear. The date scheduled for the
beginning of early voting in the primary election has al-
ready passed. The congressional districting map enacted
by the legislature has been held to be unconstitutional, and
the general election will be held in just six months.
The second reason offered by the dissent is that we should
allow the 32-day period to run out in order to "avoid the
appearance of partiality." Post, at 3 (opinion of JACKSON,
J.). But the dissent does not explain why its insistence on
unthinking compliance with Rule 45.3's default rule does
not create the appearance of partiality (by running out the
clock) on behalf of those who may find it politically advan-
tageous to have the election occur under the unconstitu-
tional map.
The dissent goes on to claim that our decision represents
an unprincipled use of power. See post, at 4 ("And just like
that, those principles give way to power"). That is a ground-
less and utterly irresponsible charge. What principle has
the Court violated? The principle that Rule 45.3's 32-day
default period should never be shortened even when there
is good reason to do so? The principle that we should never
take any action that might unjustifiably be criticized as
partisan?
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

ALITO, J., concurring

The dissent accuses the Court of "unshackl[ing]" itself
from "constraints." Post, at 4. It is the dissent's rhetoric
that lacks restraint.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A1197 (24 -- 109 and 24 -- 110)
_________________

PHILLIP CALLAIS, ET AL., APPLICANTS v.
LOUISIANA, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION TO ISSUE THE JUDGMENT FORTHWITH
[May 4, 2026]

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting.
The Court's decision in these cases has spawned chaos in
the State of Louisiana.
Louisiana's primary elections were scheduled to take
place on May 16, 2026. Accordingly, the State mailed bal-
lots to overseas and military voters on April 1, and to other
voters who qualified to vote by mail on April 26. By April
29 -- the date on which the Court released its decision hold-
ing that Louisiana's current congressional map is an uncon-
stitutional gerrymander, see Louisiana v. Callais, 608 U. S.
___ (2026) -- some Louisiana voters had already mailed back
their filled-in ballots.
The very next day, Louisiana's Governor declared that
Callais "effectively revives" the lower court's prior injunc-
tion against the current electoral map, and suspended the
ongoing primary elections for seats in the U. S. House of
Representatives. La. Exec. Order No. JML 26 -- 038 (Apr. 30,
2026). For its part, the three-judge court below declared
that, due to Callais, "Louisiana will be afforded the oppor-
tunity to enact a Constitutionally compliant map" right
now -- for the election in progress -- and ordered the State to
file a brief "outlining how [it] intends to comply with" the
Callais decision within three days. Order in Callais v.
Landry, No. 24 -- cv -- 122 (WD La.), ECF Doc. 261, p. 1. Ap-
parently, neither the Governor nor the three-judge court
viewed themselves as limited by the fact that this Court had
2 CALLAIS v. LOUISIANA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

yet to issue its certified judgment in these cases; in the or-
dinary course, we do not do so until at least 32 days after
the opinion is released. See this Court's Rule 45.3.1
So, new litigation followed. A candidate and Louisiana
voters who have already submitted their ballots filed suits
against the Governor and the Secretary of State, asserting
that, whatever might happen to Louisiana's congressional
map in the future, this election is already underway and
must continue pursuant to the current maps. See, e.g.,
Complaint in Garcia v. Landry, No. 26 -- cv -- 471 (MD La.),
ECF Doc. 1; Emergency Petition for Injunctive Relief in Na-
tional Council of Jewish Women v. Landry, No. C -- 777814
(La. 19th Jud. Dist., May 1, 2026). Meanwhile, to facilitate
Louisiana's midstream redistricting rush, appellees now
ask us to expedite release of the certified judgment in Cal-
lais. Application 2 -- 3.
These post-Callais developments have a strong political
undercurrent. Louisiana's hurried response to the Callais
decision unfolds in the midst of an ongoing statewide elec-
tion, against the backdrop of a pitched redistricting battle
among state governments that appear to be acting as prox-
ies for their favored political parties.2 And as always, the
Court has a choice. By my count, we have granted an ap-
plication to issue the judgment forthwith over a party's
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In today's order, the Court offers that "Louisiana does not oppose [the

Callais plaintiffs'] application," suggesting that this is a point in favor of
the Court's decision to grant the request. Ante, at 1 (per curiam). But
the reason that Louisiana "takes no position on the Callais plaintiffs' re-
quest" is that neither the Governor nor the Legislature views the State's
ability to "immediately produce a constitutional map and electoral pro-
cess" as "contingent upon when this Court transmits its opinion and
judgment." Louisiana's Response to Application 1 -- 2.
2 See D. Lieb, A Redistricting Battle Among States Has Reshaped the

US House Map Ahead of the Midterm Election, Associated Press, Apr.
30, 2026, https://apnews.com/article/redistricting-congress-gerrymander-
trump-4c5c98bec6af054d13b6275b6917bc86 (archived at https://perma.cc/RVP9 -- MN3W).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

objection only twice in the last 25 years. See Whole
Woman's Health v. Jackson, No. 21A220, 2021 WL 5931622
(Dec. 16, 2021); Order in Adoptive Couple v. Baby Girl, No.
13A7, etc. (June 28, 2013). To avoid the appearance of par-
tiality here, we could, as per usual, opt to stay on the side-
lines and take no position by applying our default proce-
dures.
But, today, the Court chooses the opposite. Not content
to have decided the law, it now takes steps to influence its
implementation. The Court's decision to buck our usual
practice under Rule 45.3 and issue the judgment forthwith
is tantamount to an approval of Louisiana's rush to pause
the ongoing election in order to pass a new map.3
And make no mistake: That course of action does not fol-
low from the Callais decision itself. The question whether
our decision should affect the map to be used in the ongoing
primaries raises a host of legal and political questions that
are entirely independent of the issue in Callais. Among the
legal ones, there is the Court's previous insistence that -- 
even at the cost of letting partisan gamesmanship corrupt
our democracy, see Rucho v. Common Cause, (2019) (KAGAN, J., dissenting) -- courts should not " 'risk
assuming political... responsibility for a [partisan map-
drawing] process that often produces ill will and distrust,' "
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Contrary to JUSTICE ALITO's charges, my conclusion here does not "re-

quire that the 2026 congressional elections in Louisiana be held under a
map that has been held to be unconstitutional." Ante, at 1 (opinion con-
curring in grant of application to issue judgment forthwith). But he is
correct to observe that I am neither "claim[ing] that it is now too late for
the state legislature or the District Court to adopt a new map that com-
plies with the Constitution," nor "assert[ing] that it is not feasible for the
elections to be held under such a map." Id., at 1 -- 2. Indeed, my prefer-
ence is for the Court to stay out of all this, and the best way to do that is
to stick with our default procedures. It is the majority that opts to do
otherwise, thereby seeming to endorse Louisiana's efforts to change its
congressional map during this primary election, before the pending law-
suits have a chance to play out.
4 CALLAIS v. LOUISIANA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

id., at 704 (majority opinion). There is also the so-called
Purcell principle, which we invoked only five months ago to
chide a federal district court for "improperly insert[ing] it-
self into an active primary campaign." Abbott v. League of
United Latin American Citizens, 607 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(per curiam).
The Court unshackles itself from both constraints today
and dives into the fray. And just like that, those principles
give way to power. Because this abandon is unwarranted
and unwise, respectfully, I dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE ALITO delivered the opinion of the Court.
Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, 52 U. S. C.
et seq., was designed to enforce the Constitution -- 
not collide with it. Unfortunately, lower courts have some-
times applied this Court's precedents in a way that forces
States to engage in the very race-based discrimination that
the Constitution forbids.
This tension between and the Constitution came to a
head when Louisiana redrew its congressional districts af-
ter the 2020 census. In 2022, a federal judge in the Middle
District of Louisiana held that the map adopted by the state
legislature likely violated because it did not include an
additional majority-black district. But when the State drew
a new map that contained such a district, its new map was
challenged as a racial gerrymander. A three-judge court in
the Western District of Louisiana held that the new map
2 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

violated the Equal Protection Clause, and the State ap-
pealed to this Court.
The parties originally briefed and argued this suit last
Term, and their arguments at that time highlighted prob-
lems in the existing body of case law. One problem re-
sulted from the rule that in racial gerrymandering cases,
unlike other cases involving claims of racial discrimination,
see, e.g., Arlington Heights v. Metropolitan Housing Devel-
opment Corp., -- 266 (1977), strict scrutiny
is triggered only if race "predominated" in the State's deci-
sionmaking process. In this suit, Louisiana adopted the
challenged map and created the second majority-black dis-
trict because it quite reasonably anticipated that, if it did
not do so, the Middle District of Louisiana would order the
use of a map with a differently configured second majority-
black district that would effectively oust an incumbent
whom the legislature sought to protect. Under our existing
case law, that situation posed the question whether race or
politics was the State's "predominant" motivation.
Another problem stemmed from the long-unresolved
question whether compliance with the Voting Rights Act
provides a compelling reason that may justify the inten-
tional use of race in drawing legislative districts. For over
30 years, we have assumed for the sake of argument that
the answer is yes. See infra, at 9 -- 11. And we have gone
further and assumed that it is enough if a State " 'ha[s] a
strong basis in evidence' " for thinking that the Voting
Rights Act requires race-based conduct. Cooper v. Harris,
-- 293 (2017). But allowing race to play
any part in government decisionmaking represents a depar-
ture from the constitutional rule that applies in almost
every other context.
These and other problems convinced us that the time had
come to resolve whether compliance with the Voting Rights
Act can indeed provide a compelling reason for race-based
districting. We now answer that question: Compliance with
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court, as properly construed, can provide such a reason. Cor-
rectly understood, does not impose liability at odds with
the Constitution, and it should not have imposed liability
on Louisiana for its 2022 map. Compliance with thus
could not justify the State's use of race-based redistricting
here. The State's attempt to satisfy the Middle District's
ruling, although understandable, was an unconstitutional
racial gerrymander, and we therefore affirm the decision
below.
I
A
Ratified in 1870, the Fifteenth Amendment provides that
the "right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not
be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State
on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude."
For many years afterward, however, States "heavily sup-
pressed" the right of black citizens to vote. Brnovich v.
Democratic National Committee, (2021).
"States employed a variety of notorious methods, including
poll taxes, literacy tests, property qualifications, white pri-
maries, and grandfather clauses," in a "blatant" effort to
suppress black voting. Id., at 655 -- 656, and ; S. Rep.
No. 162, 89th Cong., 1st Sess., pt. 3, pp. 4 -- 5 (1965); brack-
ets and internal quotation marks omitted). Even "as late
as the mid-1960s, black registration and voting rates in
some States were appallingly low." Brnovich, 594 U. S., at
656; see South Carolina v. Katzenbach, -- 
315 (1966). In addition, States employed legislative dis-
tricting schemes to prevent the election of black candidates
and candidates that black voters preferred. See Alexander
v. South Carolina State Conference of the NAACP, (2024); Gomillion v. Lightfoot, 
(1960).
4 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

Section 2 of the Fifteenth Amendment authorizes Con-
gress to enact "appropriate legislation" to enforce the
Amendment's protections, and in 1965 Congress invoked
that power to enact the Voting Rights Act. Brnovich, 594
U. S., at 656. "The Act and its amendments in the 1970s
specifically forbade some of the practices that had been
used to suppress black voting," including literacy tests and
poll taxes. Ibid.; see 52 U. S. C. ;, (c), 79 Stat.
438 -- 439;, 84 Stat. 315;, 89 Stat. 400, as amended,
52 U. S. C., (c), 10501 (prohibiting the denial of
the right to vote in any election for failure to pass a test
demonstrating literacy, educational achievement or
knowledge of any particular subject, or good moral charac-
ter); see also, 79 Stat. 442, as amended, 52 U. S. C.
(declaring poll taxes unlawful);, 79 Stat. 443, as
amended, 52 U. S. C. (prohibiting intimidation and
the refusal to allow or count votes). We upheld many of
these provisions in Katzenbach, 383 U. S., at 316, 327 -- 337.
Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act in its original form
"closely tracked the language of the Amendment it was
adopted to enforce." Brnovich, 594 U. S., at 656. At that
time, stated simply that "[n]o voting qualification or pre-
requisite to voting, or standard, practice, or procedure shall
be imposed or applied by any State or political subdivision
to deny or abridge the right of any citizen of the United
States to vote on account of race or color." 79 Stat. 437.
In Mobile v. Bolden, (1980), the Court inter-
preted this language, and four Justices concluded in a plu-
rality opinion that "facially neutral voting practices violate
only if motivated by a discriminatory purpose." Brno-
vich, 594 U. S., at 658. Justice Stevens, who concurred in
the judgment, proposed a different but similarly demanding
standard. See Bolden, 446 U. S., at 90 -- 94. Indeed, in his
view, a districting practice, even if motivated in part by
race, would not violate so long as it was "supported by
valid and articulable justifications." Id., at 91 -- 92.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

Bolden roused " 'an avalanche of criticism, both in the me-
dia and within the civil rights community.' " Allen v. Milli-
gan, (2023) ).
Critics argued that a focus on discriminatory intent, rather
than discriminatory effects, would defeat worthy claims be-
cause of the difficulty of proving intentional discrimination.
See 599 U. S., at 11.
Members of Congress evidently shared these concerns.
In 1982, shortly after Bolden, Congress sought to abrogate
that decision by amending. A House bill was "originally
passed... under a loose understanding that would pro-
hibit all discriminatory 'effects' of voting practices, and that
intent would be 'irrelevant,' " but "[t]his version met stiff re-
sistance in the Senate." Mississippi Republican Executive
Comm. v. Brooks, (1984) (Rehnquist,
J., dissenting) ).
Critics worried that an effects test would lead to "man-
dat[ory] racial proportionality in elections," a scenario "re-
garded by many as intolerable." Allen, 599 U. S., at 12. The
House and Senate eventually compromised, and the final
product included both an effects test in and a "robust
disclaimer against proportionality" in. Id., at 13.
This latter provision also specifies what a plaintiff must
establish to prove a violation. The provision requires
consideration of the "totality of circumstances" in each case
and demands proof that the "political processes leading to
nomination or election in the State or political subdivision
are not equally open to participation" by members of a pro-
tected class "in that its members have less opportunity than
other members of the electorate to participate in the politi-
cal process and to elect representatives of their choice." 52
U. S. C.. Congress took this
language almost verbatim from Justice White's opinion for
the Court in White v. Regester, (1973), which
6 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

involved a "vote dilution" claim, i.e., a claim that a district-
ing scheme impermissibly lessens the weight of the votes of
minority voters.
In White, the Court affirmed a judgment that Texas had
used two multimember electoral districts "invidiously to
cancel out or minimize the voting strength of racial groups."
Id., at 765. According to White, a vote-dilution plaintiff had
to show that "the political processes leading to nomination
and election were not equally open to participation by the
group in question -- that its members had less opportunity
than did other residents in the district to participate in the
political processes and to elect legislators of their choice."
Id., at 766.
The decision in White did not say anything one way or
another about proof of discriminatory purpose or intent, but
the Court's rationale rested on evidence that gave rise to an
obvious inference that the State had set out to prevent the
election of candidates preferred by minority voters. The
Texas districting scheme generally used single-member dis-
tricts but employed multimember districts in two parts of
the State where single-member districts might have re-
sulted in the election of minority candidates. The Court ob-
served that the use of multimember districts is not "neces-
sarily" or "per se" unconstitutional, but it recognized that
such districts can be employed to achieve discriminatory
ends. Id., at 765; see also Perkins v. Matthews, (1971) (observing that a switch to at-large elec-
tions could be a "metho[d] to maintain white control of the
political process"); Allen v. State Bd. of Elections, (1969) (explaining that a change to at-large voting
could nullify the ability of minority voters to elect their can-
didate of choice). The Court also cited strong evidence that
the legislature had done so in the case at hand. Writing at
a time when the Democratic Party was dominant in much
of Texas, the Court noted that a "white-dominated organi-
zation," which had "effective control" over candidate slating
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

within that party, had engaged in " 'racial campaign tactics
in white precincts to defeat candidates who had the over-
whelming support of the black community,' " thereby " 'ef-
fectively exclud[ing]' " the black community " 'from partici-
pation in the Democratic primary selection process.' "
White, 412 U. S., at 766 -- 767. The Court likewise cited
evidence that the legislature had "invidiously excluded
Mexican-Americans from effective participation in political
life, specifically in the election of representatives to the
Texas House of Representatives." Id., at 769. Thus, White
presented a situation in which circumstantial evidence sug-
gested very strongly that the State had created multimem-
ber districts for the purpose of diluting minority votes.
A few years later, when Congress looked for language
that would abrogate Mobile v. Bolden's interpretation of,
it selected terms that were nearly identical to language
used in White. The accompanying Report of the Senate Ju-
diciary Committee explained that the amendment's pur-
pose was to repudiate Bolden and establish a new vote-
dilution test based on White. See S. Rep. No. 97 -- 417, pp. 2,
15 -- 16, 27 (1982).
B
This Court first construed the amended version of in
Thornburg v. Gingles, (1986). Gingles con-
cerned a challenge to North Carolina's multimember dis-
tricting scheme on the ground that it diluted the vote of
black citizens. Id., at 34 -- 36. Gingles was decided at a time
when this Court often paid insufficient attention to the lan-
guage of statutory provisions, and Justice Brennan's opin-
ion for the Court followed this pattern. Instead of analyzing
what the statute said, the opinion simply "quoted the text
of amended and then jumped right to the Senate Judici-
ary Committee Report." Brnovich, 594 U. S., at 667; see
Gingles, 478 U. S., at 42 -- 46. Relying heavily on that Re-
port, the opinion set out three threshold requirements for
8 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

proving a vote-dilution claim, plus a nonexhaustive list
of factors to be considered in making a final decision as to
whether the State had violated. See id., at 44 -- 45, 48 -- 
51, 80.
To succeed in proving a violation, Gingles taught, a
plaintiff must make four showings. First, the plaintiff must
show that the minority group in question is "sufficiently
large and [geographically] compact to constitute a majority
in a reasonably configured district." Wisconsin Legislature
v. Wisconsin Elections Comm'n, (2022)
(per curiam). A district
is reasonably configured, we later explained, "if it comports
with traditional districting criteria, such as being contigu-
ous and reasonably compact." Allen, 599 U. S., at 18. "Sec-
ond, the minority group must be able to show that it is po-
litically cohesive." Gingles, 478 U. S., at 51. Third, "the
minority must be able to demonstrate that the white major-
ity votes sufficiently as a bloc to enable it... to defeat the
minority's preferred candidate." Ibid. "Finally, a plaintiff
who demonstrates the three preconditions must also show,
based on the 'totality of circumstances,' that the political
process is not 'equally open' to minority voters." Allen, 599
U. S., at 18.
C
In later cases, redistricting plans that States created to
comply with the Voting Rights Act were themselves chal-
lenged as racial gerrymanders. This Court approached
such cases by building on the framework from other racial-
discrimination cases under the Equal Protection Clause. In
those cases, if race played a role in a decision made by a
government actor, strict scrutiny applied. See Arlington
Heights, 429 U. S., at 265 -- 266. Under this standard, the
government needed to assert a compelling interest that jus-
tified its use of race; and if the analysis progressed beyond
this point, the government had to show that its use of race
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

was narrowly tailored to vindicate that interest. See, e.g.,
Students for Fair Admissions, Inc. v. President and Fellows
of Harvard College, (2023) (SFFA).
The Court modified this framework for racial gerryman-
dering cases. Although any use of race in government deci-
sionmaking generally triggers strict scrutiny, in gerryman-
dering cases a challenger must show that race was the
government's predominant consideration. See Bush v.
Vera, (1996) (plurality opinion). And in
cases where race predominated, States would sometimes
assert that compliance with the Voting Rights Act provided
a compelling interest justifying the use of race. Yet we
never decided whether compliance with the Act could con-
stitute a compelling interest. Instead, we repeatedly as-
sumed without deciding that the Voting Rights Act could
constitute a compelling interest because in all those cases,
the Act actually did not demand the State's race-predomi-
nant districting. Thus, the States in those cases could not
satisfy strict scrutiny regardless of whether compliance
with the Voting Rights Act could provide a compelling in-
terest.
The first case in which the Court explicitly made this as-
sumption was Miller v. Johnson, -- 920
(1995),1 which concerned a majority-black district that was
designed to satisfy the Justice Department's preclearance
demands under of the Voting Rights Act. The Miller
Court first found that the legislature had "subordinated
traditional race-neutral districting principles, including but
not limited to compactness, contiguity, and respect for po-
litical subdivisions or communities defined by actual shared
interests, to racial considerations." Id., at 916. For this
reason, the Court held, race had predominated in the crea-
tion of the new district, and the State had to "demonstrate
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Such an assumption may have been implicit in Shaw v. Reno, -- 656 (1993) (Shaw I ).
10 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

that its districting legislation [wa]s narrowly tailored to
achieve a compelling interest." Id., at 920. The Court de-
clined to address "[w]hether or not in some cases compli-
ance with the [Voting Rights Act], standing alone, c[ould]
provide a compelling interest independent of any interest
in remedying past discrimination." Id., at 921. Instead, the
Court explained that the "challenged district was not rea-
sonably necessary under a constitutional reading and ap-
plication" of the Voting Rights Act, so the State's goal of
complying with the Act could not supply a compelling inter-
est. Ibid.
We repeated much the same analysis in Shaw v. Hunt,
(1996) (Shaw II ), applying strict scrutiny
to a redistricting plan that a State crafted to comply with
both and of the Voting Rights Act. "[O]nce again," we
did not reach the question "expressly left open" in Miller:
whether the Voting Rights Act could itself provide a com-
pelling interest to justify race-predominant districting. 517
U. S., at 911. After "assum[ing], arguendo, for the purpose
of resolving this suit, that compliance with could be a
compelling interest," we held that the plan failed strict
scrutiny because it was not reasonably required under a
constitutional reading and application of the Voting Rights
Act. Id., at 915.
Likewise, in Alabama Legislative Black Caucus v. Ala-
bama, (2015), we applied strict scrutiny
to a race-predominant districting plan that the State had
created for two purposes: first, to "come close to a one-per-
son, one-vote ideal," and second, to "ensure compliance"
with of the Voting Rights Act. We held that, even if the
Voting Rights Act could provide a compelling interest, the
map did not satisfy strict scrutiny because it was not re-
quired by the Act. Id., at 277. Once again, we left open
whether compliance with the Act "remain[ed] a compelling
interest." Id., at 279.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

In Cooper, 581 U. S., at 301, we continued our "long"-
standing assumption that "complying with the VRA is a
compelling interest." Again, we did not need to resolve this
question because a constitutional reading and application
of the Act did not require the district at issue. Id., at 306.
And again, in Wisconsin Legislature, we once more "as-
sumed that complying with the [Voting Rights Act] is a com-
pelling interest." 595 U. S., at 401. But because the Wis-
consin Supreme Court had not properly analyzed whether
the Act required the map at issue, we remanded for the
court to "undertake a full strict-scrutiny analysis." Id., at
406. This was the legal framework in place when the law-
suits involving Louisiana's congressional districts were
filed and litigated in the lower courts.
II
As noted earlier, the underlying litigation in this suit re-
sulted from Louisiana's response to the population changes
disclosed by the 2020 census. The subsequent reapportion-
ment of House seats among the States left Louisiana with
the same number of seats -- six -- that it had previously been
allocated, but due to shifts in population, the State needed
to recalibrate its districts.

Figure 1. Louisiana's map from 2013 -- 2022
12 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

In 2022, Louisiana enacted a new map, "HB1," that
closely resembled its immediate predecessor:

Figure 2. HB1, enacted in 2022

HB1, like its predecessor, included only one district in
which black voters were a majority of the voting-age popu-
lation. (In the above maps, it is the bat-shaped District 2
that includes much of New Orleans, blue in Figure 1 and
yellow in Figure 2.) As soon as HB1 was enacted, lawsuits
were filed in the Middle District of Louisiana asserting that
the map violated the Voting Rights Act by " 'packing' large
numbers of Black voters into a single majority-Black con-
gressional district... and 'cracking' the remaining Black
voters among the other five districts." Robinson v. Ardoin,
605 F. Supp. 3d 759, 768 (2022). After the suit was filed,
the Robinson court issued a lengthy opinion concluding that
HB1 likely violated the Voting Rights Act by failing to in-
clude a second majority-black district. The court thus en-
tered a preliminary injunction requiring Louisiana to
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

implement a new map before the 2022 election, which was
less than six months away. Id., at 856.
Louisiana objected to the decision and promptly ap-
pealed. But because of circumstances outside the State's
control, its appeal ended up in limbo. This Court granted
certiorari before judgment and held the case pending a de-
cision in Allen. Nearly a year later, after deciding Allen,
the Court dismissed the petition as improvidently granted
and remanded the case to the Fifth Circuit to consider Lou-
isiana's appeal in the ordinary course. By that time, the
2022 election had passed, and the urgency that had justi-
fied the preliminary injunction was no longer present. In a
tentatively worded opinion, the Fifth Circuit held that the
Robinson District Court's decision "was valid when it was
issued" but that the preliminary injunction was no longer
needed. Robinson v. Ardoin, 86 F. 4th 574, 599 -- 600 (2023).
In the absence of urgency, the Fifth Circuit remanded the
case to the District Court with instructions to give Louisi-
ana time to draw a new map. If Louisiana failed to do so,
the Fifth Circuit suggested, the District Court could pro-
ceed with a trial on the merits and, if needed, remedial pro-
ceedings. Id., at 601 -- 602.
After the Fifth Circuit's remand, Louisiana did not have
many options. In the Robinson decision, the District Court
held that the plaintiffs were "likely to prevail" on their
claim that the Voting Rights Act demanded the creation of
a second majority-black district. 605 F. Supp. 3d, at 851.
So if Louisiana refused to adopt such a map, the District
Court would likely draw one and mandate its use. Wishing
to avoid that outcome, Louisiana decided to draw its own
map. After a deliberative process, Louisiana enacted the
map at issue in this suit: SB8.
14 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

Figure 3. SB8
SB8 retains the original majority-minority district from
HB1 (above in yellow). It then adds an additional majority-
minority district, District 6 (above in green). To attain a
majority-black voting-age population, District 6 connects
black populations from Baton Rouge and Lafayette (in the
southcentral region of the State) with the black population
in Shreveport (in the far northwest of the State). SB8 dif-
fered from the illustrative maps -- shown below -- on which
the District Court relied in Robinson:
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

Figure 4. Robinson Court's Illustrative Maps

These illustrative maps also include a second majority-
minority district, but one with very different boundaries
(shown in blue in the top four maps and in green in the
16 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

bottom two maps). This district connects largely urban
black communities in Baton Rouge and Lafayette with more
rural black communities in the northeast corner of the
State. By contrast, SB8's District 6 connects the Baton
Rouge and Lafayette black populations with the distant
black population in Shreveport, in the northwest. Louisi-
ana adopted this scheme, rather than the one used in the
Robinson illustrative maps, because it protects the Repub-
lican incumbents the State considered most important:
Speaker of the House Mike Johnson, House Majority
Leader Steve Scalise, and Appropriations Committee mem-
ber Julia Letlow. See Brief for Appellant in No. 24 -- 109, pp.
13 -- 14, 17.
Not long after SB8 was enacted, another lawsuit was
filed, this time in the Western District of Louisiana. A
group of plaintiffs (the Callais plaintiffs) asserted that SB8,
and specifically District 6, was a racial gerrymander that
violated the Equal Protection Clause. The plaintiffs from
Robinson intervened in the litigation, seeking to defend
Louisiana's decision to draw a second majority-minority
district. Because the Callais plaintiffs challenged "the con-
stitutionality of the apportionment of congressional dis-
tricts," a District Court of three judges was convened to
hear the suit. 28 U. S. C.. The court held a 3-day
preliminary injunction hearing, which was consolidated
with a trial on the merits.
Observing that SB8's "second majority-minority district... stretches some 250 miles from Shreveport in the north-
west corner of the state to Baton Rouge in southeast Loui-
siana, slicing through metropolitan areas to scoop up pock-
ets of predominantly Black populations from Shreveport,
Alexandria, Lafayette, and Baton Rouge," the court con-
cluded that the map effected a racial gerrymander that "vi-
olates the Equal Protection Clause." Callais v. Landry, 732
F. Supp. 3d 574, 582, 588 (WD La. 2024). Judge Stewart of
the Fifth Circuit dissented. See id., at 614. The State of
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

Louisiana and the Robinson intervenors appealed the deci-
sion directly to this Court, and the Court noted probable ju-
risdiction. (2024). See 28 U. S. C..
After an initial round of briefing and argument last Term,
the Court restored these cases to the calendar for reargu-
ment this Term. See (2025). We ordered sup-
plemental briefing on the following question: "Whether the
State's intentional creation of a second majority-minority
congressional district violates the Fourteenth or Fifteenth
Amendments to the U. S. Constitution." 
(2025). And because the State's intentional creation of a
second majority-minority district had been prompted by an
order suggesting that such a district is required by the Vot-
ing Rights Act, our question necessarily implicated the cor-
rectness of our longstanding assumption that compliance
with the Voting Rights Act may justify what the Constitu-
tion generally condemns: the use of race as a basis for gov-
ernment action. This question was pending in several
lower-court cases, but in light of the potential impact of
those cases on upcoming elections, we concluded that reso-
lution of the question in this suit was appropriate.
III
A
In considering whether the Constitution permits the in-
tentional use of race to comply with the Voting Rights Act,
we start with the general rule that the Constitution almost
never permits the Federal Government or a State to dis-
criminate on the basis of race. Such discrimination triggers
strict scrutiny, and our precedents have identified "only two
compelling interests" that can satisfy that standard. SFFA,
600 U. S., at 207. One compelling interest, not relevant
here, is "avoiding imminent and serious risks to human
safety in prisons, such as a race riot." Ibid.; see Johnson v.
California, -- 513 (2005). The only other
compelling interest we have found is "remediating specific,
18 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

identified instances of past discrimination that violated the
Constitution or a statute." SFFA, 600 U. S., at 207.
To "rise to the level of a compelling state interest," an ef-
fort to remediate past discrimination "must satisfy two con-
ditions." Shaw II, 517 U. S., at 909. "First, the discrimina-
tion must be 'identified discrimination.' " Ibid. ). In other words, the State or Federal Gov-
ernment must identify the specific instances of past dis-
crimination that it aims to remediate and, in light of that
specification, must " 'determine the precise scope of the in-
jury it seeks to remedy.' " 517 U. S., at 909 ). The States and
Federal Government have no compelling interest in gener-
ally remediating "past discrimination in a particular indus-
try or region" or "the effects of societal discrimination." 517
U. S., at 909 -- 910. Second, after identifying the specific in-
stance of discrimination, "the institution that makes the ra-
cial distinction must have... a 'strong basis in evidence' to
conclude that [its] remedial action [is] necessary." Id., at
910 ).
"Our acceptance of race-based state action has been rare
for a reason." SFFA, 600 U. S., at 208. " 'Distinctions be-
tween citizens solely because of their ancestry are by their
very nature odious to a free people whose institutions are
founded upon the doctrine of equality.' " Ibid. ). And in redistrict-
ing, "where the State assumes from a group of voters' race
that they 'think alike, share the same political interests,
and will prefer the same candidates at the polls,' it engages
in racial stereotyping at odds with equal protection man-
dates." Miller, 515 U. S., at 920 ).
The question before us now is whether compliance with
the Voting Rights Act should be added to our very short list
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

Opinion of the Court

of compelling interests that can justify racial discrimina-
tion. To answer that question, we must understand exactly
what of the Voting Rights Act demands with respect to
the drawing of legislative districts. We therefore turn to
the text of that provision.
B
1
As amended in 1982, states:
"(a) No voting qualification or prerequisite to voting
or standard, practice, or procedure shall be imposed or
applied by any State or political subdivision in a man-
ner which results in a denial or abridgement of the
right of any citizen of the United States to vote on ac-
count of race or color... as provided in subsection (b).
"(b) A violation of subsection (a) is established if,
based on the totality of circumstances, it is shown that
the political processes leading to nomination or election
in the State or political subdivision are not equally
open to participation by members of a class of citizens
protected by subsection (a) in that its members have
less opportunity than other members of the electorate
to participate in the political process and to elect rep-
resentatives of their choice. The extent to which mem-
bers of a protected class have been elected to office in
the State or political subdivision is one circumstance
which may be considered: Provided, That nothing in
this section establishes a right to have members of a
protected class elected in numbers equal to their pro-
portion in the population." 52 U. S. C..
This is not the easiest language to parse, and we will
therefore break it down in steps. Beginning with subsection
(a), we take as given that a legislative districting map may
constitute a "standard, practice, or procedure." If that were
not so, there would have been no statutory basis for any of
20 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

our vote-dilution cases. See Holder v. Hall, -- 896 (1994) (THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment).
Therefore, subsection (a) means that a districting map may
run afoul of if it "results in a denial or abridgement" of
the right to vote "on account of race or color."
With that established, subsection (b) explains when such
a denial or abridgment occurs: when "the political processes
leading to nomination or election" are "not equally open to
participation by" members of a racial group of voters "in
that [they] have less opportunity than other members of the
electorate to... elect representatives of their choice.".
In this complicated verbal formulation, the key concept
for present purposes is "less opportunity than other mem-
bers of the electorate to... elect representatives of their
choice." Ibid. This language sets a baseline against which
to assess the opportunity of minority voters: the "oppor-
tunity" that "other members of the electorate" have "to
elect" their preferred candidates. To understand this base-
line, we must nail down the meaning of three terms: "less
opportunity," "other members of the electorate," and "elect."
In isolation, "opportunity" could refer to either a desired
outcome or a chance to achieve that outcome. As used in, however, "opportunity" must mean a chance to
achieve a desired result, because the Voting Rights Act does
not guarantee equal outcomes. See White, 412 U. S., at
765 -- 766. Accordingly, "less opportunity" must mean a
lesser chance. In ordinary usage, "less opportunity" often
takes on such meaning. One might say, for example, that
men under 6 feet tall have less opportunity to play in the
NBA than those who stand at least 6 feet 7 inches (the cur-
rent median).
The next term -- "other members of the electorate" -- spec-
ifies the comparator to be used in determining whether the
group protected by subsection (a) has suffered or is threat-
ened with suffering "less opportunity... to elect represent-
atives of their choice." In conceptualizing the members of
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

Opinion of the Court

this comparator group, we may think of a randomly selected
member of the electorate who has particular voting prefer-
ences, or we may think of a randomly selected group of vot-
ers who share certain voting preferences. These voting
preferences may be based on a candidate's party affiliation,
ideology, stance on a particular policy issue, personal cha-
risma, or some other characteristic or set of characteristics.
But whatever they are, the situation of these randomly se-
lected voters must be compared with that of minority voters
alleged to have suffered vote dilution.
This brings us to the final term: "to elect." As used in, this term must refer to the achievement of electoral
victory by casting a ballot.
Putting all these terms together, the baseline is the
chance enjoyed by nonminority voters to secure the election
of their preferred candidates. What, then, is the chance
that any given nonminority voter or group of nonminority
voters has to secure the election of a preferred candidate?
The answer to this question depends on the voting prefer-
ences of other voters in the district. For example, in a dis-
trict where most voters prefer Democratic candidates, a Re-
publican voter in that district will have a low chance of
securing the election of his or her preferred candidate. But
that chance would be substantially higher if the district
were instead filled with voters who prefer Republican can-
didates. The roster of voters who end up in a given district
depends, in turn, on the districting criteria used by the
State in drawing a legislative map.
If a districting map is produced by computer, as is gener-
ally the case today, we may think of all the parameters in
the algorithm that the mapmaker uses. One necessary pa-
rameter would be the number of districts required by law,
and another would have to be a range of inter-district pop-
ulation variations that is small enough to comply with the
one-person, one-vote requirement. The algorithm might
then go on to lay out and assign priorities to whatever
22 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

additional permissible criteria the legislature chooses to
use. For example, the legislature might want to minimize
changes in the prior map, avoid districts with discontiguous
territory, and avoid splitting counties or municipalities. It
might impose a certain standard of compactness, aim to
protect some or all incumbents, or promote the prospects of
a particular political party. When this algorithm is used,
the map it produces may place a particular voter or group
of voters in a district in which a majority generally agrees,
generally disagrees, or only sometimes agrees with their
voting preferences. But in any event, the "opportunity" of
these "members of the electorate" to contribute their votes
to a winning cause is whatever opportunity results from the
application of the State's combination of permissible crite-
ria.
That is what our randomly selected individual voter and
group of voters can expect regarding their opportunity to
elect a preferred candidate. And under, a minority voter
is entitled to nothing less and nothing more.
2
Not only is this the best reading of the statutory text, but
it also ensures that of the Voting Rights Act does not ex-
ceed Congress's authority under of the Fifteenth Amend-
ment. That provision confers the "power to enforce [the
Amendment] by appropriate legislation." Thus, to lie
within Congress's authority, of the Voting Rights Act
must "effectuate by 'appropriate' measures the constitu-
tional prohibition" in of the Fifteenth Amendment. Kat-
zenbach, 383 U. S., at 308.
Our Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendment jurisprudence
delineates what constitutes "appropriate" legislation in the
sense relevant here. See City of Boerne v. Flores, (1997) (stating that Congress has "parallel power
to enforce the provisions" of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth
Amendments). In legislation enforcing these Amendments,
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

Opinion of the Court

"[t]here must be a congruence and proportionality between
the injury to be prevented or remedied and the means
adopted to that end." Id., at 520.
As the Court has long held, the Fifteenth Amendment
bars only state action " 'motivated by a discriminatory pur-
pose.' " Reno v. Bossier Parish School Bd., (1997). So a law that
seeks to enforce the Fifteenth Amendment by prohibiting
mere disparate impact would fail to enforce a right that the
Amendment secures. That is never "appropriate," Katzen-
bach, 383 U. S., at 308, because Congress cannot "enforce a
constitutional right by changing what the right is," City of
Boerne, 521 U. S., at 519.
For this reason, the focus of must be enforcement of
the Fifteenth Amendment's prohibition on intentional ra-
cial discrimination. When is properly interpreted in the
way we have outlined, it is sufficiently congruent with and
proportional to the Amendment's prohibition. While that
interpretation does not demand a finding of intentional dis-
crimination, it imposes liability only when the circum-
stances give rise to a strong inference that intentional dis-
crimination occurred. Suppose, for example, that the
application of a State's districting algorithm yields numer-
ous maps with districts in which the members of a minority
group constitute a majority, and suppose that the State can-
not provide a legitimate reason for rejecting all those maps
and eliminating all majority-minority districts. In such a
situation, the inference of racial motivation is strong, and
of the Fifteenth Amendment permits the imposition of
liability without demanding that the courts engage in the
fraught enterprise of attempting to determine whether the
state legislature as an institution, as opposed to certain in-
dividual members or the State's hired mapmaker, was mo-
tivated by race.
Only when understood this way does of the Voting
Rights Act properly fit within Congress's Fifteenth
24 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

Amendment enforcement power. See, e.g., I. N. S. v. St.
Cyr, -- 300 (2001) ("[I]f an otherwise ac-
ceptable construction of a statute would raise serious con-
stitutional problems, and where an alternative interpreta-
tion of the statute is 'fairly possible,' we are obligated to
construe the statute to avoid such problems" (citation omit-
ted)). By contrast, interpreting of the Voting Rights Act
to outlaw a map solely because it fails to provide a sufficient
number of majority-minority districts would create a right
that the Amendment does not protect. And such an inter-
pretation would run headlong into the Act's express dis-
claimer against racial proportionality.
Properly understood, thus does not intrude on States'
prerogative to draw districts based on nonracial factors.
"Redistricting constitutes a traditional domain of state leg-
islative authority." Alexander, 602 U. S., at 7. The Consti-
tution imposes some important restrictions on the States'
exercise of this power, but they are otherwise free to draw
districts as they please. We have held that they may use
traditional districting factors such as "compactness, conti-
guity," "maintaining the integrity of political subdivisions,
preserving the core of existing districts," and protecting in-
cumbents. Bush, 517 U. S., at 964; Miller, 515 U. S., at 906,
916. Nothing in the Constitution requires States to heed
these criteria, of course, and the desirability of some of
these criteria might be disputed. But because they are not
forbidden by the Constitution, it is up to each State to de-
cide what weight, if any, they warrant.
The same is true with respect to the drawing of districts
to achieve partisan advantage. Disapproval of partisan ger-
rymandering dates back to the founding. See Rucho v.
Common Cause, -- 697 (2019). But parti-
san gerrymandering claims are not justiciable in federal
court. Id., at 718. "Federal judges have no license to real-
locate political power between the two major political par-
ties, with no plausible grant of authority in the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 25

Opinion of the Court

Constitution, and no legal standards to limit and direct
their decisions." Ibid. Thus, in considering the constitu-
tionality of a districting scheme, courts must treat partisan
advantage like any other race-neutral aim: a constitution-
ally permissible criterion that States may rely on as de-
sired.
For this reason, as we have repeatedly made clear, when
a State defends a districting scheme on the ground that it
was drawn for partisan purposes, plaintiffs have a " 'spe-
cial' " burden to overcome. Alexander, 602 U. S., at 9 (quot-
ing Cooper, 581 U. S., at 308). "To prevail," the plaintiff
"must 'disentangle race from politics' by proving 'that the
former drove a district's lines.' " 602 U. S., at 9. "That means, among other
things, ruling out the competing explanation that political
considerations dominated the legislature's redistricting ef-
forts. If either politics or race could explain a district's con-
tours, the plaintiff has not cleared its bar." 602 U. S., at 9 -- 
10; see Easley v. Cromartie, (2001)
(Cromartie II ) (rejecting a racial gerrymandering claim
when the plaintiffs failed to show "that the legislature could
have achieved its legitimate political objectives in alterna-
tive ways that are comparably consistent with traditional
districting principles").
A plaintiff may carry its disentanglement burden by of-
fering an alternative map that achieves all the State's ob-
jectives -- including partisan advantage and any of the
State's other political goals -- at least as well as the State's
map. See Alexander, 602 U. S., at 10; Cromartie II, 532
U. S., at 258. Today, litigants almost always have the
wherewithal to proffer such a map if there is one to be
found. See Abbott v. League of United Latin American Cit-
izens, 607 U. S. ___ (2025) (holding that the lack of an alter-
native map merits a "dispositive or near-dispositive adverse
inference" against a racial-gerrymandering plaintiff ); Alex-
ander, 602 U. S., at 10 ("[A]ny plaintiff with a strong case
26 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

has had every incentive to produce such an alternative
map"); see also Allen, 599 U. S., at 23 (observing that "mod-
ern computer technology" allows challengers to "generate
millions of possible districting maps for a given State"). But
if a plaintiff cannot disentangle race from the State's
race-neutral considerations, including politics, then can-
not impose liability.
In short, imposes liability only when the evidence sup-
ports a strong inference that the State intentionally drew
its districts to afford minority voters less opportunity be-
cause of their race. Not only does this interpretation follow
from the plain text of, but it is consistent with the limited
authority that the Fifteenth Amendment confers.
C
This interpretation of does not require abandonment
of the Gingles framework. We need only update the frame-
work so it aligns with the statutory text and reflects im-
portant developments since we decided Gingles 40 years
ago. Four historical developments are of particular note.
First, vast social change has occurred throughout the
country and particularly in the South, where many suits
arise. As this Court has recognized, "things have changed
dramatically" in the decades since the passage of the Voting
Rights Act. Shelby County v. Holder, 
(2013). At the time of the Act's passage, the Nation had
faced nearly a century of "entrenched racial discrimination
in voting, 'an insidious and pervasive evil which had been
perpetuated in certain parts of our country through unre-
mitting and ingenious defiance of the Constitution.' " Id., at
535. But the Voting
Rights Act led to "great strides" in the ensuing decades:
"voting tests were abolished, disparities in voter registra-
tion and turnout due to race were erased, and African-
Americans attained political office in record numbers." 570
U. S., at 549, 553. By 2004, the racial gap in voter
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 27

Opinion of the Court

registration and turnout had largely disappeared, with mi-
norities registering and voting at levels that sometimes sur-
passed the majority. Id., at 547 -- 548. Black voters now par-
ticipate in elections at similar rates as the rest of the
electorate, even turning out at higher rates than white vot-
ers in two of the five most recent Presidential elections na-
tionwide and in Louisiana. See Supp. Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 13 (Apr. 2025)).
Second, a full-blown two-party system has emerged in the
States where suits are most common. Gingles arose in
the context of a one-party system in which black and white
voters had starkly different voting patterns despite their af-
filiation within the same party. 478 U. S., at 59. In the
area involved in Gingles, an overwhelming majority of
white voters did not vote for any black candidate in the
Democratic party primary elections, which for all practical
purposes selected the candidates who would ultimately ob-
tain office. Ibid. And in general elections, white voters in
heavily Democratic areas often ranked black candidates
last among Democrats. Ibid. Such intra-party disparities
showed that black voters had less opportunity to elect their
preferred candidate because of their race, not because of
their partisan affiliation.
When the vast majority of voters, regardless of race, fa-
vors the same political party, a map that is disadvanta-
geous for members of one racial group cannot be explained
on the ground that it was drawn to favor a particular polit-
ical party. But in a State where both parties have substan-
tial support and where race is often correlated with party
preference, a litigant can easily exploit for partisan pur-
poses by "repackag[ing] a partisan-gerrymandering claim
as a racial-gerrymandering claim." Alexander, 602 U. S., at
21.
28 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

That brings us to the third significant post-Gingles devel-
opment: this Court's decision in Rucho. In that decision, we
held that claims of partisan gerrymandering are not justi-
ciable in federal court. See 588 U. S., at 704 -- 710. The up-
shot of Rucho was that, as far as federal law is concerned,
a state legislature may use partisan advantage as a factor
in redistricting. And litigants cannot circumvent that rule
by dressing their political-gerrymandering claims in racial
garb. Imposing liability "based on the racial effects of a po-
litical gerrymander in a jurisdiction in which race and par-
tisan preference are very closely correlated... would, if ac-
cepted, provide a convenient way for future litigants and
lower courts to sidestep our holding in Rucho that partisan-
gerrymandering claims are not justiciable in federal court."
Alexander, 602 U. S., at 21. "Instead of claiming that a
State impermissibly set a target Republican-Democratic
breakdown, a plaintiff could simply reverse-engineer the
partisan data into racial data and argue that the State im-
permissibly set a particular [racial] target. Our decisions
cannot be evaded with such ease." Ibid.
The fourth significant development since Gingles is the
increased use and capabilities of computers in drawing dis-
tricts and creating illustrative maps. With "modern com-
puter technology" at the ready, plaintiffs invariably in-
voke the assistance of experts who can generate
thousands -- or even millions -- of maps. Allen, 599 U. S., at
23; see id., at 33, 36 (involving more than 2 million expert-
generated maps). Computer algorithms can "easily con-
tro[l] for partisan preferences" and "other redistricting fac-
tors such as compactness and county splits." Alexander,
602 U. S., at 25. With the advent of such technology, if it is
possible to identify an alternative map that fully achieves
all the State's legitimate goals while producing " 'greater ra-
cial balance,' " then a plaintiff can easily do so. Id., at
34 -- 35.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 29

Opinion of the Court

In light of these significant developments, it is appropri-
ate to update the Gingles framework and realign it with the
text of and constitutional principles.
1. First Gingles Precondition
The first Gingles precondition is that a community of mi-
nority voters must be sufficiently numerous and compact to
constitute a majority in a reasonably configured district. To
satisfy this precondition, many plaintiffs have simply
provided illustrative maps with their desired number of
majority-minority districts. E.g., Allen, 599 U. S., at 20.
Such maps, however, are not alone sufficient. They prove
only that the State could create an additional majority-mi-
nority district, not that the State's failure to do so violated
of the Voting Rights Act. To make the latter showing,
plaintiffs' illustrative maps must satisfy two conditions.
First, in drawing illustrative maps, plaintiffs cannot use
race as a districting criterion. If a plaintiff can produce an
additional majority-minority district only by using race -- a
process that would be unconstitutional if a State engaged
in such mapmaking, see Alexander, 602 U. S., at 6 -- that
illustrative map sheds no light on whether the State acted
unconstitutionally by not adopting such a map. Thus, an
illustrative map in which race was used has no value in
proving a plaintiff 's case.
Second, illustrative maps must meet all the State's legit-
imate districting objectives, including traditional district-
ing criteria and the State's specified political goals. If the
State's aims in drawing a map include a target partisan dis-
tribution of voters, a specific margin of victory for certain
incumbents, or any other goal not prohibited by the Consti-
tution, the plaintiffs' illustrative maps must achieve these
goals just as well. If not, the plaintiffs would fail to demon-
strate that the State's chosen map was driven by racial con-
siderations rather than permissible aims. Only by meeting
all the State's legitimate objectives can the illustrative
30 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

maps help to "disentangle race" from politics and other con-
stitutionally permissible considerations. Ibid.
2. Second and Third Gingles Preconditions
To satisfy the second and third preconditions -- politically
cohesive voting by the minority and racial-bloc voting by
the majority -- the plaintiffs must provide an analysis that
controls for party affiliation. In other words, they must
show that voters engage in racial bloc voting that cannot be
explained by partisan affiliation. This is, once again, criti-
cal for "disentangl[ing] race and politics." Alexander, 602
U. S., at 6.
The facts of Gingles afford a good example of how a 
plaintiff can properly meet these preconditions. There, as
discussed, black and white voters had dramatically differ-
ent voting patterns within the Democratic party. 478 U. S.,
at 59. This type of intra-party racial-bloc voting pattern
helps to demonstrate that the minority plaintiffs have "less
opportunity" than their majority counterparts because of
race, not just because of partisan affiliation. 52 U. S. C.. By contrast, simply pointing to inter-party ra-
cial polarization proves nothing, because " 'a jurisdiction
may engage in constitutional political gerrymandering,
even if it so happens that the most loyal Democrats happen
to be black Democrats and even if the State were conscious
of that fact.' " Alexander, 602 U. S., at 9 ).
3. Totality of Circumstances
Last, the "totality of circumstances" inquiry must focus
on evidence that has more than a remote bearing on what
the Fifteenth Amendment prohibits: present-day inten-
tional racial discrimination regarding voting.
Discrimination that occurred some time ago, as well as
present-day disparities that are characterized as the ongo-
ing "effects of societal discrimination," are entitled to much
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 31

Opinion of the Court

less weight. Shaw II, 517 U. S., at 909 -- 910. Far more ger-
mane are "current data" and " 'current political conditions' "
that shed light on current intentional discrimination.
Shelby County, 570 U. S., at 552 -- 553 ). "[I]n large part because of the Voting
Rights Act[,]... our Nation has made great strides" in elim-
inating racial discrimination in voting. Shelby County, 570
U. S., at 548 -- 549. And if, as a result of this progress, it is
hard to find pertinent evidence relating to intentional pre-
sent-day voting discrimination, that is cause for celebra-
tion.
D
Nothing in Allen dictates a result that differs from the
one we reach today. The decision in that case was based on
the State of Alabama's specific argument that its "race-
neutral benchmark" was "necessary in any redistricting
case." Brief for Appellants in Allen v. Milligan, O. T. 2022,
Nos. 21 -- 1086 etc., pp. 43 -- 44 (Brief for Alabama). Alabama
argued that deriving this benchmark -- the "median or av-
erage number of majority-minority districts" in a race-blind
"multimillion-map set," Allen, 599 U. S., at 23 -- required
"computer simulations that are technically complicated, ex-
pensive to produce, and available to '[o]nly a small cadre of
university researchers [that] have the resources and exper-
tise to run' them," id., at 36. Nonetheless, the State contended
that its race-neutral benchmark was "the only plausible
test" to ensure that stays within "constitutional guard-
rails." Brief for Alabama 44, 75. We rejected that "single-
minded view." Allen, 599 U. S., at 26. Allen, in short, was
about whether Alabama's novel evidentiary standard re-
quired a change to our existing precedent. See Tr. of
Oral Arg. 8 -- 9. It did not.
32 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

Allen did not address the central issue here. We had no
occasion in Allen to confront the presumption that compli-
ance with may serve as a compelling interest for a State
to satisfy strict scrutiny. Indeed, Allen did not discuss the
Fourteenth Amendment at all. Here, by contrast, it is the
linchpin of this suit.2
In addition, our decision in Allen did not reach two pivotal
issues that we now squarely address. First, we left open
whether "race-based redistricting" under, even if permis-
sible when the Voting Rights Act was enacted in 1982, could
"extend indefinitely into the future" despite significant
changes in relevant conditions. 599 U. S., at 45
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in part); see Shelby County,
570 U. S., at 557 (requiring assessment of the constitution-
ality of the Voting Rights Act in light of current conditions).
Second, because the State in Allen did not cite partisan
goals in defending its map, we did not address whether 
plaintiffs must disentangle race from politics in proving
their case. Indeed, this is our first occasion to address the
implications of Rucho in a vote-dilution case. Failing to ac-
count for political considerations in redistricting, as ex-
plained above, can allow plaintiffs to undo a State's legiti-
mate, nonracial decisions under the banner of. In light
of our answers to these questions left open in Allen, we now
update the Gingles test to ensure a constitutional reading
and application of.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The dissent claims that the Fourteenth Amendment is irrelevant to

our analysis, post, at 39 -- 40, (opinion of KAGAN, J.), but the dissent
appears to forget -- or at least tries to lead readers to forget -- that the
decision before us is based on the Fourteenth Amendment. The plaintiffs
claimed, and the court below held, that the map enacted by the state
legislature in SB8 impermissibly discriminated on the basis of race and
thus violated the plaintiffs' rights under the Fourteenth Amendment's
Equal Protection Clause. See supra, at 16.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 33

Opinion of the Court

IV
Under the updated Gingles framework, the facts of this
suit easily require affirmance.
Louisiana's enactment of SB8 triggered strict scrutiny
because the State's underlying goal was racial. The State
never hid the ball: It configured District 6 to achieve a black
voting-age population over 50% because it knew that if it
failed to do so, the Robinson court would very likely find its
map unlawful and order the use of something like the Rob-
inson plaintiffs' illustrative maps, which would have imper-
iled one of the influential incumbents the legislature sought
to protect. The State's intentional compliance with the
court's demands constituted an "express acknowledgment
that race played a role in the drawing of district lines." Al-
exander, 602 U. S., at 8. Louisiana therefore had to satisfy
the "extraordinarily onerous" standard of proving that its
use of race was narrowly tailored to further a compelling
governmental interest. Id., at 11.
No compelling interest justifies SB8. Section 2 does not
provide a compelling interest because the State did not
need to create a new majority-minority district to comply
with the Act. That is because at every step of the Gingles
framework, the Robinson plaintiffs failed to prove their 
case.
On the first Gingles precondition, the Robinson plaintiffs
did not meet their burden because they did not provide an
illustrative map that met all the State's nonracial goals.
The most obvious deficit in the plaintiffs' illustrative maps
was the failure to meet the State's political goals, including
incumbency protection. The plaintiffs' preferred map
would have placed Representative Letlow in a majority-
Democratic district and thus effectively ensured her exit
from Congress. See Brief for Appellant in No. 24 -- 109, at
14; 2 App. to Juris. Statement in No. 24 -- 110, p. 673a (plac-
ing Representative Letlow in a district with over twice as
many registered Democrats as registered Republicans).
34 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

The Robinson court erroneously concluded that the plain-
tiffs' illustrative maps protected incumbents because the
maps left all six Representatives "in the district where they
currently live" and "could avoid incumbent pairing." 605
F. Supp. 3d, at 830. That observation missed the point: An
incumbent is not protected if he or she will lose re-election.
And because the plaintiffs' illustrative maps failed to pro-
tect all the incumbents that the State sought to shield, the
plaintiffs did not meet their burden on this precondition.
Nor did the plaintiffs meet their burden on the second
and third Gingles preconditions. To show racially polarized
voting, the Robinson plaintiffs offered evidence that black
and white voters consistently supported different candi-
dates, but their analysis did not control for partisan prefer-
ences. See 605 F. Supp. 3d, at 840.
Even if the Robinson plaintiffs had met their burden on
the Gingles preconditions, they still would have failed to
show an objective likelihood of intentional discrimination
based on the totality of circumstances. The Robinson court
went through the nine Senate Report factors, but none of
the evidence it cited showed even a plausible likelihood of
intentional discrimination by the State. Much of the cited
evidence -- such as the low number of black Louisianans
who have been elected to Congress in recent decades -- 
failed to disentangle race from politics. See 605 F. Supp.
3d, at 845 -- 846. Indeed, the court observed that black vot-
ers have been aligned with the Democratic party for dec-
ades and that issues discussed by that party appealed to
black voters. Id., at 845. Those observations should have
undercut, not strengthened, any showing of intentional ra-
cial discrimination because race and politics are so inter-
twined.
The Robinson court also relied on the " 'sordid history' " of
intentional discrimination by Louisianian officials in the
decades before the Voting Rights Act's passage. Id., at 846.
And it cast aside as "irrelevant" the lack of evidence that
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 35

Opinion of the Court

black voters had faced intentional discrimination in recent
years. Id., at 847. That analysis had its priorities back-
wards. The Fifteenth Amendment, which the Voting Rights
Act enforces, "is not designed to punish for the past" but
works "to ensure a better future." Shelby County, 570 U. S.,
at 553. The focus of must therefore be on "current con-
ditions," not on "decades-old data relevant to decades-old
problems." Ibid. And none of the historical evidence pre-
sented by plaintiffs came close to showing an objective like-
lihood that the State's challenged map was the result of in-
tentional racial discrimination.
In sum, because the Voting Rights Act did not require
Louisiana to create an additional majority-minority dis-
trict, no compelling interest justified the State's use of race
in creating SB8. That map is an unconstitutional gerry-
mander, and its use would violate the plaintiffs' constitu-
tional rights.
V
The dissent's arguments are fully addressed in the prior
sections of this opinion, but in closing we emphasize three
points.
First, the dissent states over and over again that our de-
cision requires a plaintiff to prove discriminatory intent.
Post, at 6, 23 -- 26, 30 -- 32, 37, 39 -- 41, 45 -- 46. What must be
shown is exactly what the 1982 amendment of called for.
A plaintiff in a vote dilution case must show that a dis-
tricting scheme denies members of a racial group the same
"opportunity" as other voters to elect the candidates they
prefer. Supra, at 20 -- 22. When that is shown, the circum-
stances are comparable to those in White, the
decision from which the new language added by Congress
in 1982 was drawn. That is, the circumstances must give
rise to a strong inference of racial discrimination. See su-
pra, at 23 -- 26.
36 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

Second, contrary to the dissent's assertion, we have not
overruled Allen. As is our general practice, the Allen Court
adjudicated the case based on the parties' arguments, and
in that case, the State did not defend its map on the ground
that it was drawn to achieve a political objective. See supra,
at 31 -- 32. Here, the State has been forthright from the be-
ginning that its aim was to protect the State's most promi-
nent Republican House members. One may lament parti-
san gerrymandering, but for the reasons explained in
Rucho, partisan gerrymandering claims are not justiciable
in federal court. And in a racial gerrymandering case like
the one before us, race and politics must be disentangled,
as even the author of the dissent has acknowledged. See
Alexander, 602 U. S., at 9; Cooper, 581 U. S., at 308 (opinion
for the Court by KAGAN, J.) (holding that a racial-gerry-
mandering plaintiff must "disentangle race from politics
and prove that the former drove a district's lines"). That is
true regardless whether the case is brought pursuant to the
Fourteenth Amendment or the VRA, since of the VRA
requires evidence giving rise to a strong inference of inten-
tional discrimination. If race and politics are not disentan-
gled and a claim is cynically used as a tool for advancing
a partisan end, the VRA's noble goal will be perverted.
Third, while the dissent wraps itself in the mantle of stare
decisis, the dissent is unabashedly at war with key prece-
dents. See post, at 45 (claiming that Rucho was disas-
trously wrong and should be cabined); post, at 5, 8 -- 9, 42 -- 
43 (repeatedly criticizing Shelby County and citing the dis-
sent in that case); post, at 4 (criticizing the Court's decision
in Brnovich). Respect for precedent cannot be a one-way
street.
* * *
The judgment of the District Court is affirmed, and these
cases are remanded for proceedings consistent with this
opinion.
Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 37

Opinion of the Court

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 24 -- 109 and 24 -- 110
_________________

LOUISIANA, APPELLANT
24 -- 109 v.
PHILLIP CALLAIS, ET AL.

PRESS ROBINSON, ET AL., APPELLANTS
24 -- 110 v.
PHILLIP CALLAIS, ET AL.
ON APPEALS FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR
THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA
[April 29, 2026]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full. This Court should never
have interpreted of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to ef-
fectively give racial groups "an entitlement to roughly pro-
portional representation." Thornburg v. Gingles, (1986) (O'Connor, J., concurring in judgment); see
ante, at 23 -- 24. By doing so, the Court led legislatures and
courts to "systematically divid[e] the country into electoral
districts along racial lines." Holder v. Hall, (1994) (THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment). "Blacks
[we]re drawn into 'black districts' and given 'black repre-
sentatives'; Hispanics [we]re drawn into Hispanic districts
and given 'Hispanic representatives'; and so on." Ibid. That
interpretation rendered "repugnant to any nation that
strives for the ideal of a color-blind Constitution." Id., at
905 -- 906. Today's decision should largely put an end to this
"disastrous misadventure" in voting-rights jurisprudence.
Id., at 893.
2 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

THOMAS, J., concurring

As I explained more than 30 years ago, I would go further
and hold that of the Voting Rights Act does not regulate
districting at all. See id., at 922 -- 923. The relevant text
prohibits States from imposing or applying a "voting quali-
fication," "prerequisite to voting," or "standard, practice, or
procedure," in a manner that results in a denial or abridge-
ment of the right to vote based on race. 52 U. S. C.. How States draw district lines does not fall
within any of those three categories. Holder, 512 U. S., at
922 -- 923 (opinion of THOMAS, J.); Allen v. Milligan, (2023) (THOMAS, J., dissenting). The words in 
instead "reach only 'enactments that regulate citizens' ac-
cess to the ballot or the processes for counting a ballot'; they
'do not include a State's... choice of one districting scheme
over another.' " Ibid. ). Therefore, no challenge to dis-
tricting should ever succeed.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

KAGAN, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 24 -- 109 and 24 -- 110
_________________

LOUISIANA, APPELLANT
24 -- 109 v.
PHILLIP CALLAIS, ET AL.

PRESS ROBINSON, ET AL., APPELLANTS
24 -- 110 v.
PHILLIP CALLAIS, ET AL.
ON APPEALS FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR
THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA
[April 29, 2026]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
Consider the story of a hypothetical congressional district
in a hypothetical State, subjected to a redistricting scheme.
The example is admittedly stylized, but in its essence sim-
ulates the dispute before us, and clarifies the immense is-
sues at stake. The district, let's say, is a single county, in
the shape of a near-perfect circle, sitting in the middle of a
rectangular State. The State is one with a long history of
virulent racial discrimination, and its many effects, includ-
ing in residential segregation and political division, remain
significant even today. The population of the circle district
is 90% Black; the rest of the State, divided into five sur-
rounding districts, is 90% White. And voting throughout
all those districts is racially polarized: Black residents vote
heavily for Democratic candidates, while White residents
vote heavily for Republicans. The circle district thus ena-
bles the State's Black community to elect a representative
of its choice, whom no neighboring community would put in
2 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

office. But that arrangement, in this not-so-hypothetical, is
not to last. The state legislature decides to eliminate the
circle district, slicing it into six pie pieces and allocating one
each to six new, still solidly White congressional districts.
The State's Black voters are now widely dispersed, and (un-
like the State's White voters) lack any ability to elect a rep-
resentative of their choice. Election after election, Black
citizens' votes are, by every practical measure, wasted.
That is racial vote dilution in its most classic form. A
minority community that is cohesive in its geography and
politics alike, and that faces continued adversity from racial
division, is split -- "cracked" is the usual term -- so that it
loses all its electoral influence. Members of the racial mi-
nority can still go to the polls and cast a ballot. But given
the State's racially polarized voting, they cannot hope -- in
the way the State's White citizens can -- to elect a person
whom they think will well represent their interests. Their
votes matter less than others' do; they translate into less
political voice. Or, as this Court put it recently, the crack-
ing makes "a minority vote unequal to a vote by a nonmi-
nority voter." Allen v. Milligan, (2023).
And because that is so, Congress in the Voting Rights Act
made the practice illegal. Section 2 of that Act guarantees
that members of every racial group have an equal "oppor-
tunity" to "elect representatives of their choice." 52 U. S. C.. That promise arose from a far-too-prominent
part of this Nation's history. Even after the Fifteenth
Amendment banned racial discrimination in voting, state
officials routinely deprived African Americans of their vot-
ing rights. Through a seemingly boundless array of mech-
anisms -- most of them facially race-neutral and among
them the drawing of district lines -- States either prevented
Black citizens from casting ballots or ensured that their
votes would count for next to nothing. The Voting Rights
Act was meant as the corrective. And when this Court con-
strued it too narrowly -- insisting that a person suing under
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

KAGAN, J., dissenting

Section 2 had to prove discriminatory intent -- Congress
amended the law so that it turned solely on discriminatory
effects. Under that revised version, a person has a good
Section 2 claim if the challenged state action, in the "total-
ity of circumstances," "results in" an electoral system "not
equally open" to members of his racial group -- meaning a
system giving those citizens "less opportunity" to "partici-
pate in the political process and to elect representatives of
their choice.". And for 40 years
now, this Court has recognized that language to encompass
districting decisions that, in the way illustrated above, re-
sult in vote dilution -- the "minimiz[ing]" of minority voters'
"ability to elect their preferred candidates." Allen, 599
U. S., at 18 ).
But no longer. Under the Court's new view of Section 2,
a State can, without legal consequence, systematically di-
lute minority citizens' voting power. Of course, the majority
does not announce today's holding that way. Its opinion is
understated, even antiseptic. The majority claims only to
be "updat[ing]" our Section 2 law, as though through a few
technical tweaks. Ante, at 26, 29, 32. But in fact, those
"updates" eviscerate the law, so that it will not remedy even
the classic example of vote dilution given above. Without a
basis in Section 2's text or the Constitution, the majority
formulates new proof requirements for plaintiffs alleging
vote dilution. Those demands, meant to "disentangle race
from politics," ante, at 25, leverage two features of modern
political life: that racial identity and party preference are
often linked and that politicians have free rein to adopt par-
tisan gerrymanders. The first fact -- say, that in a given
area, Black voters mainly support Democrats and White
voters Republicans -- was viewed before today as practically
an element of a vote-dilution claim, because it indicates
that a minority group is politically cohesive enough to elect
a preferred representative but will be outvoted by the
4 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

majority bloc. See Allen, 599 U. S., at 18, 22. The second
fact -- the result of a prior mistake by this Court -- is some-
thing every day to regret, not to use as an excuse for strip-
ping minority citizens of their voting rights. But under the
majority's new test, when those two facts coexist -- which is
almost everywhere Section 2 still has purchase -- a plaintiff
cannot prevail by showing that a redistricting resulted in
the dilution of minority voting power. Rather, a plaintiff
will have to show -- contrary to Section 2's clear text and de-
sign -- that the legislators were "motivated by a discrimina-
tory purpose." Ante, at 23. And that, as
Section 2's drafters knew, is well-nigh impossible.
Today's ruling is part of a set: For over a decade, this
Court has had its sights set on the Voting Rights Act. In
2013, the Court made a nullity of Section 5, the provision of
the Act enabling the Department of Justice to review and
block new voting rules -- including redistrictings -- in juris-
dictions with a history of voter suppression. See Shelby
County v. Holder, (2013). Congress had re-
cently, and after lengthy study, reauthorized that preclear-
ance mechanism. It found the scheme still essential to
counter the protean techniques States can use to prevent
minorities from exercising their fair share of political influ-
ence. But this Court thought it knew better. "[T]hings have
changed dramatically," the Court explained, id., at 547, ig-
noring that whether things had changed dramatically
enough to make the law dispensable was a question better
left to its democratically accountable authors. Not surpris-
ingly, a flood of discriminatory voting laws followed, and
now only Section 2 stood in the gap. In 2021, the Court did
half what was needed to raze that section too. See Brnovich
v. Democratic National Committee, (2021).
Section 2 prohibits not only vote-diluting districting plans,
but also discriminatory burdens on the casting of ballots.
In a suit involving the latter type of law, the Court invented
a new legal standard making Section 2 useless, on the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

KAGAN, J., dissenting

theory that the statute as written was too "radical." See id.,
at 674. Since the Court ruled, not a single Section 2 suit
has successfully challenged such a restriction on voting,
however discriminatory in operation. See R. Hasen, The
Stagnation, Retrogression, and Potential Pro-Voter Trans-
formation of U. S. Election Law, 134 Yale L. J. 1673, 1686
(2025).
And finally, today, the last piece -- Section 2 as applied to
redistricting. The last, and surely the hardest, for just
three Terms ago the Court upheld a vote-dilution challenge
to a districting map in a case much like this one -- preserv-
ing Section 2 as a tool to prevent racially discriminatory re-
districting. See Allen, 599 U. S., at 17. "[W]e decline to
adopt," the Court said then, "an interpretation of that
would revise and reformulate" our " jurisprudence [of]
nearly forty years." Id., at 26. Nothing has changed in the
three years since. Yet today, the majority does "revise and
reformulate"... and destroy. It avails itself again of the
tools used before to dismantle the Act: untenable readings
of statutory text, made-up and impossible-to-meet eviden-
tiary requirements, disregard for precedent, and disdain for
congressional judgment. And in that way it greenlights re-
districting plans that will disable minority communities -- 
in Louisiana and across the Nation -- from electing, as ma-
jority communities can, "representatives of their choice.". What if the districts in which minority citizens
exercise voting power are sliced up, and the pieces ap-
pended to districts in which they can play no meaningful
role? The majority tells us that the inability to make out a
Section 2 claim will just be a mark of the Nation's progress,
and therefore "cause for celebration." Ante, at 31.
I dissent. The Voting Rights Act is -- or, now more accu-
rately, was -- "one of the most consequential, efficacious,
and amply justified exercises of federal legislative power in
our Nation's history." Shelby County, 570 U. S., at 562
(Ginsburg, J., dissenting). It was born of the literal blood
6 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

of Union soldiers and civil rights marchers. It ushered in
awe-inspiring change, bringing this Nation closer to ful-
filling the ideals of democracy and racial equality. And it
has been repeatedly, and overwhelmingly, reauthorized by
the people's representatives in Congress. Only they have
the right to say it is no longer needed -- not the Members of
this Court. I dissent, then, from this latest chapter in the
majority's now-completed demolition of the Voting Rights
Act.
I
I begin with some history -- both with what led originally
to the Voting Rights Act and with how the current Section
2 came to be. The point is not to deliver a eulogy for the
law -- though, in truth, the Court's step-by-step slaying of
voting rights now makes one appropriate. Rather, the ob-
ject is to reveal how far today's decision repudiates past,
and rightfully still controlling, congressional choices. As I'll
later explain, the majority now demands that vote-dilution
plaintiffs muster proof of racially discriminatory motive.
See infra, at 23 -- 32. In that way, the decision echoes an
earlier one of this Court, which also held that Section 2
should function as an intent test. See Mobile v. Bolden, (1980). But Congress, as you'll soon see, amended
Section 2 to reject that view: In light of the way voting dis-
crimination had operated since the Fifteenth Amendment's
adoption, Congress instead drafted Section 2 to bar the use
of any electoral mechanism that would result in minority
citizens having less opportunity than non-minority citizens
to choose their political representatives.
A
In the wake of the Civil War, Congress enacted and the
States ratified the Fifteenth Amendment, to ensure the en-
franchisement of Black Americans. Nearly 200,000 Black
men had fought in the Union cause: "[W]hen the fight is
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

KAGAN, J., dissenting

over," General Sherman counseled, "the hand that drops
the musket cannot be denied the ballot." See A. Keyssar,
The Right to Vote 69 (rev. ed. 2009) (Keyssar). And millions
more African Americans had just become citizens, giving
them a claim on political rights. The Fifteenth Amendment
responded with a clarion promise of racial equality in vot-
ing: "The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any
State on account of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude."
The Amendment's passage was a momentous occasion. It
appeared to affirm that a mere few years after slavery's
end, African Americans had become "equal members of the
body politic." E. Foner, The Second Founding 111 (2019)
(Foner). President Grant, in a message to Congress, called
the Amendment "the most important event that has oc-
curred since the nation came to life." Ibid. Black Ameri-
cans similarly referred to the Amendment as the Nation's
"second birth." Ibid. At one of the many celebrations rati-
fication sparked, Frederick Douglass rejoiced that those
just released from bondage were now "placed upon an equal
footing with all other men": "Never," he declared, "was rev-
olution more complete." Keyssar 82; Foner 112.
But all the hosannas were many years premature: "In the
century that followed," the Fifteenth Amendment "proved
little more than a parchment promise." Allen, 599 U. S., at
10. Violence and intimidation were ever-present ways to
deny Black citizens their right to vote. But often force was
not needed, because state laws could well enough accom-
plish that goal. Especially in the South, States soon put in
place a host of facially race-neutral devices to systemati-
cally disenfranchise African American citizens. Poll taxes,
literacy tests, "good character" exams, property qualifica-
tions, convoluted registration processes -- all these and
more, when combined with administrative discretion, effec-
tively suppressed the Black vote, without much affecting
8 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the White one. See South Carolina v. Katzenbach, (1966). Congress could have acted: the Fifteenth
Amendment gave it the "power to enforce" minority voting
rights "by appropriate legislation." But for decades it sat
mute while facially race-neutral voting rules succeeded in
"render[ing] the right to vote illusory" for Black Americans.
Allen, 599 U. S., at 10. Louisiana's post-Reconstruction
rules, to cite the most pertinent example, took less than a
decade to drive the number of Black registered voters from
130,000 (in 1896) to 1,342 (in 1904). See Keyssar 91. The
numbers did not begin to climb until the end of World War
II (when Black soldiers returned from other battlefields),
and even then only slowly. See 1 U. S. Commission on Civil
Rights Report 42 (1961).
Congress's initial efforts to counter voting discrimina-
tion -- in the Civil Rights Acts of 1957, 1960, and 1964 -- did
little but prove the difficulty of the task. Each of those stat-
utes authorized the Attorney General "to seek injunctions
against public and private interference with the right to
vote on racial grounds." Katzenbach, 383 U. S., at 313. But
time and again, States found ways to evade the ensuing
court orders. They "merely switched to discriminatory de-
vices not covered by" the court decrees, finding yet new
race-neutral rules (there seemed an endless number) that
would maintain the disparity between White and Black vot-
ing power. Id., at 314. Congress thus learned of the "unre-
mitting and ingenious" methods States could use to resist
African American enfranchisement. Id., at 309. Protecting
minority voting was like "battling the Hydra": "Whenever
one form of voting discrimination was identified and pro-
hibited, others sprang up in its place." Shelby County, 570
U. S., at 560 (Ginsburg, J., dissenting).
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 represented Congress's
most determined effort to stop the cycle. Selma's Bloody
Sunday had galvanized the Nation to finally confront racial
disfranchisement. Now Congress enacted legislation
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

KAGAN, J., dissenting

making use of a double-barreled approach to ensure the Fif-
teenth Amendment's enforcement. Section 5 of the Act re-
quired that States or localities with a history of racial voter
suppression obtain Department of Justice approval before
implementing new voting districts or rules. An administra-
tive review process thus would impede -- at least, until this
Court in Shelby County stopped it -- the ever-inventive ef-
forts of certain jurisdictions to deny or minimize minority
voting. Meantime, Section 2 provided judicial recourse for
victims of voting discrimination in all jurisdictions. That
provision prohibited any election rule or practice that would
"deny or abridge" the right to vote, thus imposing a "perma-
nent, nationwide ban on racial discrimination in voting" (or
so the Court assured the country when disabling Section 5).
42 U. S. C. (1970); Shelby County, 570 U. S., at 557.
Taken together, Congress thought, the two mechanisms
could "forever banish the blight of racial discrimination in
voting" -- effectively countering States' constantly morphing
methods of suppressing minority ballots. Allen, 599 U. S.,
at 10.
B
After the Act's passage -- and partly because of its initial
success -- those methods more and more focused on vote di-
lution. The Act led to a large increase in minority voting
registration: In just five years, almost as many African
Americans registered to vote in six Southern States as in
the entire century before 1965. See C. Davidson, The Vot-
ing Rights Act, in Controversies in Minority Voting 21 (B.
Grofman & C. Davidson eds. 1992). And the Act mostly
halted state efforts to prevent those new voters from casting
ballots at all. So the States, as Congress noted when reau-
thorizing Section 5 in 1975, "resorted to [measures] which
would dilute increasing minority voting strength." City of
Rome v. United States, (1980) ). Efforts to
10 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

minimize minorities' voting power took several forms. One
was to use at-large voting. A majority-White municipality,
for example, might exclude all African Americans from its
city council by scrapping geographic districts in favor of
citywide elections. See Perkins v. Matthews, (1971). Another common dilution mechanism was just
to redraw single-member districts. Minority citizens could
be "packed": A racial community large enough to constitute
a majority in two normal districts -- and therefore capable
of electing two representatives -- might be crammed into a
single district instead. See Voinovich v. Quilter, -- 154 (1993). Or else minority citizens could be
"cracked," as in the hypothetical introducing this opinion.
See supra, at 1 -- 2. Then, voters would be dispersed across
multiple districts so they could not muster a majority in
any. See Voinovich, 507 U. S., at 153. In either event, a
minority citizen's vote would "carry less weight than" it did
previously or than it would "in another, hypothetical dis-
trict." Gill v. Whitford, (2018).
This Court soon held, in White v. Regester, 
(1973), that such practices could be unlawful because of
their effects -- more specifically, because they result in une-
qual electoral opportunities for minority citizens. (Attend
closely here, because White becomes the template for the
current version of Section 2.) The plaintiffs in White chal-
lenged a Texas districting scheme that established multi-
member districts in two counties with concentrated urban
populations, even while using single-member districts
nearly everywhere else. The effect of the scheme, the plain-
tiffs charged, was to "minimize the voting strength of racial
groups" -- both African Americans and Mexican Ameri-
cans -- by putting them in a broad county-wide district in
which their votes would be swamped. Id., at 765, 767. In
addressing that claim, the Court initially stated that it was
"not enough" to show that the districting scheme prevented
the minority groups from achieving proportional
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

KAGAN, J., dissenting

representation -- legislative seats in proportion to their pop-
ulation. Id., at 765. But that did not mean that the plain-
tiffs had to show that the State had acted with discrimina-
tory intent. Rather, the Court held, the plaintiffs could
prevail on a different kind of showing that a scheme's effect
was to "minimize the voting strength of racial groups."
Ibid. Under the Court's test, there was unlawful vote dilu-
tion if "the political process" was "not equally open to par-
ticipation" by a racial group, so that "its members had less
opportunity" than others "to participate in the political pro-
cesses and to elect legislators of their choice." Id., at 766.
The Court in White found that test satisfied under a "to-
tality of the circumstances" inquiry, which looked to how
the multi-member districting scheme operated when "over-
laid" on historical, social, and political "realities." Id., at
769. As part of that analysis, the Court noted the "history
of official racial discrimination in Texas" and the persistent
use of "racial campaign tactics" in elections. Id., at 766 -- 
767. But beyond such intentional race-based action, the
Court looked to how the current or "residual" effects of past
discrimination, including disparities in matters like hous-
ing, "education [and] employment," had political conse-
quences. Id., at 768. Similarly, with respect to Mexican
Americans, the Court considered evidence of "cultural and
language barrier[s]" to political participation. Ibid. And
finally, the Court homed in on political data itself, including
voter registration and the infrequent election of Black or
Hispanic candidates in majority-White districts. See id., at
766, 768 -- 769. When all those factors were combined -- in
what the Court called "an intensely local appraisal" -- the
"impact" of the multi-member districts clearly emerged:
Those districts denied minority voters equal "access to the
12 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

political process," "specifically in the election of [state]
representatives." Id., at 767 -- 769.1
Just seven years later, however, the Court did an about-
face, now requiring a showing of discriminatory intent to
succeed on a vote-dilution claim. In City of Mobile v. Bol-
den, the plaintiffs challenged an at-large election system for
a three-member city commission. Under that system, Mo-
bile's Black population, which made up 35% of the total, had
never managed to elect a candidate of its choice. But the
Court did not embark on the kind of analysis employed in
White to determine whether the system diluted Black votes.
Instead, the Court's controlling opinion held that Section 2
merely "restated the prohibitions" of the Fifteenth Amend-
ment, which barred only intentional discrimination. 446
U. S., at 61 (plurality opinion); see id., at 62 -- 65. And the
plaintiffs had produced no evidence of discriminatory mo-
tive. They could, the Court noted (as though it were the end
of the matter), "register and vote without hindrance." Id.,
at 65. That their chosen candidates happened to always
lose was beside the point. Because they could not show that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The majority's description of the White Court's "totality of the circum-

stances" analysis gives a false impression. According to the majority,
"the Court's rationale rested on evidence that gave rise to an obvious in-
ference" that the State acted with "discriminatory purpose or intent."
Ante, at 6. That might be so of pieces of the evidence the Court relied
on -- for example, the use of "racial campaign tactics" by a party-affiliated
organization. Ante, at 7; 412 U. S., at 767. And it is of course true that
evidence of disparate impact can be of such magnitude (in this sphere as
in others) as to indicate illicit intent. But the Court was crystal clear
that its review of local conditions encompassed things "neither... im-
proper nor invidious." Id., at 766. And indeed, its opinion reads more
like a fine-grained report on political and social conditions than (as the
majority would have it) a criminal bill of particulars. Most important
(and as even the majority admits), the Court never suggested that the
ultimate point of its analysis was to gauge the State's intent. Ante, at 6.
Rather, the point was just what the Court said: to decide whether Texas's
districting scheme in fact "operated to dilute [minorities'] voting
strength." 412 U. S., at 759.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the city had "purposeful[ly] exclu[ded]" them "from partici-
pati[ng] in the election process," the Court held, they had
no viable Section 2 suit. Id., at 64 ; see
Allen, 599 U. S., at 11 (similarly describing Bolden).
Bolden, as the majority notes, triggered "an avalanche of
criticism, both in the media and within the civil rights com-
munity." Ante, at 5. This
Court recently noted a few of the assessments. "[T]he big-
gest step backwards in civil rights" to come from the Court
since the Voting Rights Act's passage. Allen, 599 U. S., at
11. And a "ma-
jor defeat for blacks and other minorities fighting electoral
schemes that exclude them from office." Allen, 599 U. S., at
11 -- 12.
The problem, as even the majority recognizes, was "that
a focus on discriminatory intent, rather than discrimina-
tory effects, would defeat worthy claims because of the dif-
ficulty of proving intentional discrimination." Ante, at 5. It
is the rare legislature, as the history of voting discrimina-
tion shows, that cannot camouflage racial targeting with
race-neutral justifications. For that reason, Bolden brought
vote-dilution claims to a near-standstill. The Department
of Justice shelved the dilution cases it had intended to
bring; and private plaintiffs filed just 10 such suits in the
next year, compared with 60 the year before. See A. Ber-
man, Give Us the Ballot 135 (2015). States, it seemed, could
make minority votes meaningless without ever running
into the Voting Rights Act.
But then Congress stepped in, to reverse Bolden's intent
requirement -- and create the statute existing today. The
House began the process with a simple change to Section
2's text. It replaced the words "to deny or abridge" with the
phrase "in a manner which results in a denial or abridge-
ment of," to make the section look like this:
14 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

"No voting qualification or prerequisite to voting or
standard, practice, or procedure shall be imposed or ap-
plied by any State or political subdivision in a manner
which results in a denial or abridgement of the right of
any citizen of the United States to vote on account of
race or color.".
But a Senate subcommittee led by Senator Orrin Hatch ob-
jected. It thought the House's amendment would always
require racially proportional representation, and advocated
keeping Section 2 -- as construed by Bolden -- just as it was.
The impasse was resolved by Senator Bob Dole in the Judi-
ciary Committee, through the addition of a subsection cod-
ifying the White decision. Recall that White had rejected
proportional representation as the standard for vote-dilu-
tion claims. See supra, at 10 -- 11. Now Senator Dole -- while
retaining the House's "results in" language -- added a provi-
sion to do the same thing. See ("[N]othing in this
section establishes a right to have members of a [racial
group] elected in numbers equal to their proportion in the
population"). And yet more important for present purposes,
Senator Dole took language from White to clarify when a
State would violate the ban on electoral rules that "result
in a denial or abridgement" of voting. A violation is estab-
lished, the Dole (but really the White) language stated,
"if, based on the totality of circumstances, it is shown
that the political processes leading to nomination or
election in the State or political subdivision are not
equally open to participation by members of a [racial
group] in that its members have less opportunity than
other members of the electorate to participate in the
political process and to elect representatives of their
choice.".
That elaboration of when the effects of an electoral rule
would cause a violation of Section 2 received bipartisan sup-
port. The amended Section 2 passed both the House and
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the Senate by huge majorities; and in June 1982, President
Reagan signed it into law.
An "oft-cited" Senate Report explained just what the 1982
amendment had accomplished: The new Section 2 repudi-
ated Bolden's intent requirement and adopted White's "re-
sults test." Brnovich, 594 U. S., at 658; S. Rep. No. 97 -- 417,
p. 27 (1982) (Senate Report). An intent test, the Report
stated, imposed "an inordinately difficult burden for plain-
tiffs." Id., at 36. Even when state actors had purposefully
discriminated, they would likely be "ab[le] to offer a non-
racial rationalization," supported by "a false trail" of "offi-
cial resolutions" and "other legislative history eschewing
any racial motive." Id., at 37. The proof lay in what had
happened after Bolden, when even suits involving "egre-
gious" vote dilution had failed. Senate Report, at 37; see
id., at 26 -- 27, 37 -- 39. And in any event, the Report contin-
ued, the Bolden intent test "ask[ed] the wrong question."
Senate Report, at 36. The right question was instead the
one White -- and now the statute -- asked: "whether minori-
ties have equal access to the process of electing their repre-
sentatives." Senate Report, at 36. In applying the new Sec-
tion 2, the Report instructed, courts should "assess the
impact of the challenged" practice based on "objective fac-
tors" to determine whether it worked to "minimize or cancel
out the voting strength and political effectiveness of minor-
ity groups." Id., at 27 -- 28.
The Senate Report also noted this Court's holdings recog-
nizing Congress's constitutional authority to focus the Sec-
tion 2 standard on results. It is "hornbook law," the Report
explained, that the Fifteenth Amendment "grant[s] Con-
gress broad power" to enact legislation "reasonably adapted
to protect citizens against the risk" that their constitutional
right to vote will be denied. Id., at 39 -- 40. So even though the Fifteenth
Amendment itself barred only intentional discrimination,
Congress could enact legislation extending to
16 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

discriminatory effects. Indeed, the Report observed, this
Court had held as much two years earlier, when it approved
Section 5's broad effects-based scope. Senate Report, at 40. In Section 2 as well,
proper enforcement of the Fifteenth Amendment necessi-
tated a results test. For one thing, voting rules with "dis-
criminatory results perpetuate the effects of past purpose-
ful discrimination." Senate Report, at 40. And anyway, the
Report again emphasized, the difficulties of proving motive
would "create a substantial risk that intentional discrimi-
nation" would go "undetected, uncorrected and undeterred."
Ibid.
So Congress made a choice that was "as considered as
considered comes": to ensure that "results alone could lead
to liability" under Section 2. Brnovich, 594 U. S., at 703
(KAGAN, J., dissenting). Congress in 1982 knew all about
this Nation's history of racially discriminatory voting prac-
tices. It knew that even when States could no longer deny
ballots to minority citizens, they might still try to give their
votes no or minimal weight. And Congress knew that those
efforts did not come tagged as race-based. To the contrary,
they were race-neutral on their face, and likewise were pub-
licly backed by race-neutral justifications. So Congress re-
nounced, as strongly as it could, Bolden's decision to limit
Section 2's ban to intentional discrimination. It made sure
instead, as this Court recently explained, that Section 2
would "turn on the presence of discriminatory effects." Al-
len, 599 U. S., at 25; see id., at 44 (KAVANAUGH, J., concur-
ring in part) ("[T]he text of establishes an effects test, not
an intent test"). And more precisely, that the section would
turn on whether, given all relevant circumstances, an elec-
toral rule would leave minority voters with "less oppor-
tunity" than non-minority voters to "elect representatives
of their choice.".
There is a way to decide this case consistent with that
fully permissible congressional choice, and a way not. In
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the next part, I show how 40 years' worth of this Court's
caselaw would address the vote-dilution claim involved
here. After that, I address what today's majority does.2
II
This Court first construed the amended Section 2 in
Thornburg v. Gingles, establishing there a framework -- like
the new statute itself -- based on White. That framework
has governed vote-dilution claims for the last four decades.
And indeed, just three years ago, in Allen, we unequivocally
reaffirmed it when sustaining a vote-dilution challenge to
an Alabama redistricting scheme. See 599 U. S., at 19 -- 23.
Had we proceeded along the same road today, we would
have treated the vote-dilution challenge to Louisiana's
scheme in the same way.
"Gingles began," as Allen recently noted, "by describing
what guards against." 599 U. S., at 17. "The essence of
a claim," Gingles explained, is that an electoral rule or
practice "interacts with social and historical conditions,"
generally caused by past intentional discrimination, "to
cause an inequality in the opportunities enjoyed by black
and white voters." 478 U. S., at 47. Such an inequality ex-
ists when the challenged rule "operates to minimize or can-
cel out [minority voters'] ability to elect their preferred
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 A wrinkle here is that the suit directly before us involves a claim of

racial gerrymandering under the Fourteenth Amendment, not of vote di-
lution under Section 2. See ante, at 16 -- 17. (As I will later discuss, the
elements of the two have always been poles apart -- with a dilution claim
turning on an election rule's effects and a gerrymandering claim turning
on its purpose. See infra, at 26 -- 27, and ). But this gerrymandering
suit arose out of a prior dilution suit's success: The plaintiffs here attack
the districting plan that Louisiana devised to remedy the vote dilution
previously found. See ante, at 12 -- 17. And the majority chooses to resolve
this suit by focusing on the earlier one -- holding that the plaintiffs here
succeed because the court in the earlier litigation did not apply the ma-
jority's brand-new understanding of Section 2. See ante, at 32 -- 35. So I
too focus on how to decide a vote-dilution claim under Section 2, and do
not address other issues implicated in a gerrymandering suit.
18 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

candidates." Id., at 48. And the risk of that "mini-
miz[ation]" -- or dilution -- is greatest when "minority and
majority voters consistently prefer different candidates"
and the minority voters are submerged in a majority voting
population that "regularly defeat[s] [their] choices." Ibid.;
see Allen, 599 U. S., at 17 -- 18.3
To get at that issue, Gingles initially requires a Section 2
plaintiff asserting vote dilution to satisfy three "precondi-
tions." 478 U. S., at 50. First, the minority group allegedly
harmed must be "sufficiently large and geographically com-
pact to constitute a majority in a reasonably configured dis-
trict" -- meaning, one "comport[ing] with traditional dis-
tricting criteria." Allen, 599 U. S., at 18 (alteration
omitted). Second, the identified minority group must be
"politically cohesive," meaning that its members mainly
vote for the same parties or candidates. Gingles, 478 U. S.,
at 51. And third, the majority in the district must "vote
sufficiently as a bloc to enable it... usually to defeat the
minority's preferred candidate." Ibid. Those three factors,
taken together, serve a gatekeeping function. They permit
a vote-dilution suit to proceed only if a plaintiff can show
that minority voters would elect a "representative of [their]
own choice" in some reasonably drawn electoral district, but
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The majority, in describing the legal background to this case, briefly

criticizes our Gingles opinion for spending too little time with Section 2's
text and too much with the Senate Judiciary Committee Report. See
ante, at 7. The author of today's decision made the same point in Allen -- 
in his then-dissenting opinion. See 599 U. S., at 103 (opinion of ALITO,
J.). But the erstwhile majority there rejected the argument, explaining
that, whatever changes have occurred in statutory interpretation, "Gin-
gles effectuates the delicate legislative bargain that embodies." Id.,
at 39,. It does so, as will soon become evident, by grounding its
framework in Section 2's ban on electoral rules that, in all the circum-
stances, "result in" giving minority voters a "less[er] opportunity" than
others to "elect representatives of their choice.". And it does so,
too, by relying on (indeed, partly copying) this Court's analysis in
White -- which was the indisputable basis for Senator Dole's textual com-
promise. See Allen, 599 U. S., at 12 -- 13; supra, at 14 -- 15.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

KAGAN, J., dissenting

that racially polarized voting in the district as actually
drawn will usually "impede [their] ability" to do so. Allen,
599 U. S., at 18; Gingles, 478 U. S., at 51.
That threshold test is not easily met. To satisfy the first
factor, a plaintiff will have to suggest alternative districting
plans complying with such traditional criteria as compact-
ness, contiguity, and respect for geographic boundaries and
political subdivisions. And as Allen recently described, the
inability to offer such substitute maps has doomed a good
many vote-dilution suits. See 599 U. S., at 27 -- 29 ; Miller v. Johnson, (1995); Bush v. Vera, (1996); Abbott
v. Perez, (2018)). Similarly, to satisfy the sec-
ond and third conditions, the plaintiff must show the exist-
ence of racially polarized voting, generally through "statis-
tical evidence of historic voting patterns." League of United
Latin American Citizens v. Perry, (2006)
(ROBERTS, C. J., concurring in part and dissenting in part).
It is never enough in a Section 2 suit to rely on "assump-
tions" about how individuals will "vote based on their ethnic
[or racial] background." Ibid. Instead, "plaintiffs must
prove" racial bloc voting. Gingles, 478 U. S., at 46. Given
those requirements -- and the steady decline in both resi-
dential segregation and racially polarized voting, which
make them harder to meet -- only strong vote-dilution
claims can today get out of the gate. See Brief for Ellen D.
Katz et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 8 (Katz Brief ); Allen, 599
U. S., at 26 -- 29; infra, at 43 -- 44.
And beyond Gingles's preconditions lies the "totality of
circumstances" inquiry that migrated from White to Section
2's text. ; see supra, at 14 -- 15. To find, under that
test, that the political process is not "equally open" to mi-
nority voters, a court must make (so Gingles held, lifting
from White) "an intensely local appraisal" of how the chal-
lenged electoral rule operates against the backdrop of "past
and present [racial] realit[ies]." ; Gingles, 478
20 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

U. S., at 79; see White, 412 U. S., at 769. The "objective fac-
tors" to be considered include the State's "history of voting-
related discrimination," its experience of "racial appeals in
political campaigns," and its track record of electing minor-
ity citizens to office. Gingles, 478 U. S., at 44 -- 45; see White,
412 U. S., at 769; Senate Report, at 28 -- 29. So too, the in-
quiry may involve appraising the "effects of past discrimi-
nation" on economic and social conditions that "hinder [mi-
nority citizens'] ability to participate effectively in the
political process." Gingles, 478 U. S., at 45; see White, 412
U. S., at 768. Equally, though, the totality test weighs the
strength of a "State's interest in maintaining" a given elec-
toral practice. Houston Lawyers' Assn. v. Attorney General
of Tex., (1991). And the variety of mat-
ters to be assessed does nothing to detract from the test's
bite. By digging deep into local context, the totality inquiry
implements Congress's directive that a simple lack of pro-
portional representation cannot make out a Section 2 claim.
See Allen, 599 U. S., at 26 -- 30. And when superimposed on
Gingles's threshold conditions, the test ensures that Section
2 will work as intended: to limit liability to cases where elec-
toral rules in fact "deny minority voters equal opportunity"
in the political process. Allen, 599 U. S., at 30 (alteration
omitted).
Understood in that way, Allen explained just three years
ago, "Gingles has governed our Voting Rights Act jurispru-
dence since it was decided." Id., at 19. More: "Congress has
never disturbed our understanding of as Gingles con-
strued it." Ibid. And more: "[W]e have applied Gingles in
one case after another, to different kinds of electoral sys-
tems and to different jurisdictions in States all over the
country." Ibid.. And yes, still more, this time invoking "stare deci-
sis": "[W]e decline to adopt an interpretation of that
would revise and reformulate" the Gingles framework "that
has been the baseline of our jurisprudence for nearly
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

KAGAN, J., dissenting

forty years." Id., at 26, and. One might even have
thought the matter settled. But see ante, at 1 -- 37.4
In that settled view, a paradigmatic case of a Section 2
violation is the cracked-circle hypothetical opening this dis-
sent. See supra, at 1 -- 2. If you refresh your memory, you'll
instantly see why. The Black electorate could form -- in-
deed, did form -- a reasonably configured district: The circle
in the middle of the State complies with traditional district-
ing criteria of contiguity, compactness, and respect for po-
litical subdivisions. So Gingles's first precondition is met.
And the racially polarized voting in the State ensures that
the second and third are met as well. The Black electorate
within the circle and the White population surrounding it
vote as blocs and for different candidates. So when the
Black voters are dispersed among six predominantly White
districts, they lose all their electoral influence. Or, as we
recently described such a situation: Black voters have "the
potential to elect a representative of [their] own choice in a
possible district," but "racially polarized voting prevents
[them] from doing so in the district as actually drawn be-
cause [they are] submerged in a larger white voting popu-
lation." Cooper v. Harris, (2017) (altera-
tion omitted). That means a Section 2 suit will be decided

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The majority's view that Allen "did not address the central issue

here," ante, at 31 -- the meaning of Section 2 and appropriate content of
the Gingles framework -- is one of the more perplexing aspects of today's
decision. I will have more to say about that assertion below, see infra,
at 35 -- 37, 39, but for now, I invite readers to do a bit of exploration
on their own. Just search for every quotation from Allen in this opinion -- 
in this paragraph of course, but all the rest too -- and ask yourself
whether it is credible that Allen "did not address" the question of "our
understanding of as Gingles construed it." Ante, at 31; Allen, 599
U. S., at 19. Better yet, go read all of Allen. You will find that, on page
after page, it discusses precisely that issue -- and offers a reading of Sec-
tion 2 and Gingles perfectly consonant with this dissent, and fundamen-
tally at odds with today's majority opinion. See, e.g., Allen, 599 U. S., at
11 -- 14, 17 -- 19, 24 -- 30, 37 -- 38, 39, 41; id., at 30 -- 33 (plurality opinion).
22 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

based on the totality of the circumstances. And, as to that,
I have posited facts making the inquiry straightforward:
Recall that the hypothetical State has a long history of ra-
cial discrimination, which continues to show up, in mani-
fold ways, in social conditions and political activity. So Sec-
tion 2 (before today) would have stopped the hypothesized
cracking plan and, in so doing, worked as Congress in-
tended -- to give Black voters no less a chance than their
White neighbors to participate in the political process and
elect their preferred representatives.
And my hypothetical is not so different from the Louisi-
ana districting scheme that was challenged in the dilution
suit underlying this case. It is just that instead of arguing
about the need for one majority-minority district, the plain-
tiffs in that suit were asserting the need for a second. As
the majority relates, Louisiana drew its post-2020 census
map with one mainly Black district and five mainly White
ones. See ante, at 11 -- 12. (For context, Louisiana's popula-
tion is about one-third African American.) The dilution
plaintiffs alleged that there was another natural (i.e., polit-
ically cohesive and geographically contiguous) Black-major-
ity district which the Louisiana Legislature had effectively
cracked. See ante, at 15 (showing the plaintiffs' proposed
district). The residents of that possible district wound up
dispersed among the State's other districts, where (given
racially polarized voting) their preferences would count for
nothing. According to the plaintiffs, that plan violated Sec-
tion 2 by giving Black voters less opportunity than their
White counterparts to elect representatives of their choice.
Based on a voluminous record, including mountains of
statistical data and five days of testimony, the District
Court found that the plaintiffs were likely to prevail. See
Robinson v. Ardoin, 605 F. Supp. 3d 759, 766 (MD La.
2022). Their proposed second district -- in which Black vot-
ers could "easily" form a majority -- was reasonably config-
ured according to traditional districting criteria. Id., at
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

KAGAN, J., dissenting

821; see id., at 827 -- 831. And without that district, Black
voters' choices would be swamped: The evidence showed
that as few as 12% of White voters in Louisiana would sup-
port Black-preferred candidates in statewide contests. Id.,
at 841 -- 842. With the Gingles preconditions thus satisfied,
the court assessed the totality of the circumstances and
found that it, too, supported relief. See, e.g., 605
F. Supp. 3d, at 845 (recounting, among other things, the
State's long history of racial discrimination, including that
"Louisiana has never had a Black Congressperson elected
from a non-majority-Black district"). And so the court or-
dered the State to draw a new map.
The court thus applied, in an altogether unexceptionable
way, the framework used for the last 40 years to evaluate
Section 2 vote-dilution claims. The court followed Gingles,
along with the two fistfuls of this Court's decisions affirm-
ing its framework. See supra, at 20 -- 21. And most crucially,
the court followed Section 2 itself, because all our prior de-
cisions faithfully implemented the fundamental choice Con-
gress made in amending that section: to make liability turn
(as the Court did in White) not on the motives behind but
on the "results" of an electoral practice like districting.
III
The majority today does just the opposite. Under the
guise of "updat[ing]" the Gingles framework, ante, at 26, 29,
32, the majority transforms it -- and in so doing, betrays
Congress's choice. At each of Gingles's steps, the majority
imposes new proof requirements, serving a common objec-
tive: to convert an effects test, as commanded by Congress,
into a purpose test, as preferred by this Court. Nearly half
a century ago, Congress amended Section 2 to repudiate
Bolden's limitation of that provision's reach to intentional
discrimination. See supra, at 13 -- 16. Today's decision re-
turns Section 2 to what it was under Bolden. Now, as then,
vote-dilution plaintiffs will have to show more than vote
24 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

dilution: They will have to show, as well, race-based motive.
Now, as then, that requirement will make success in their
suits nearly impossible, even if an electoral practice has in
fact "minimize[d] or cancel[ed] out" minority citizens' "vot-
ing strength." Allen, 599 U. S., at 25. It is as if Congress had never amended Section
2. I first show how that is the consequence of today's "up-
dating"; I then address how the majority attempts to justify
what it has done. The upshot is that the majority, without
any good reason, has overturned Congress's studied deter-
mination -- along with this Court's precedents upholding
it -- about how to rectify racial inequalities in electoral poli-
tics.
A
Let's first drop the majority's misleading label. What the
majority gives us today is not an "updated Gingles frame-
work." Ante, at 32. It is its own thing, deserving of its own
name. Maybe the Callais contrivance? Or if that seems too
immediately pejorative, just say that what the majority
does today is to impose the Callais requirements.
At their base, all those requirements have the same func-
tion: They force a vote-dilution plaintiff to prove that a
State adopted an election rule with racially discriminatory
intent. On the majority's view, a rule diluting minority
votes -- even making them count for nothing -- poses no
problem if motivated by "nonracial factors." Ante, at 24. So
a State has free rein to "use traditional districting factors"
even when they minimize or cancel out minority votes.
Ibid. And yet more practically important, a State may (so
says the majority) draw districts for any political purpose,
including for a purely "partisan purpose" -- that is, to in-
crease one party's electoral strength -- no matter their racial
effects. Ante, at 25. For that reason, the majority insists, a
Section 2 plaintiff has "a special burden to overcome." Ibid.
25

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the NAACP, (2024) and Cooper, 581 U. S., at
308). The plaintiff "must disentangle race from politics by
proving that the former drove a district's lines." Ante, at 25. In other words, he must show
that the State, in drawing that district, had not a political
but instead a racial motivation -- that it acted for the spe-
cific purpose of weakening a minority group's voting influ-
ence. The new Callais requirements, as I'll soon discuss,
are all (concededly) designed to ensure that the plaintiff is
held to that "special burden" -- which, as the Congress
amending Section 2 well understood, is nearly insuperable.5
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 In responding to this dissent, the majority (on its opinion's penulti-

mate page) appears to disclaim this reading. The majority notes first
(and this is true enough) that "the dissent states over and over again that
our decision requires a plaintiff to prove discriminatory intent." Ante,
at 35. And then the majority's response: No, a vote-dilution plaintiff need
show only that a redistricting "denies members of a racial group the same
'opportunity' as other voters to elect the candidates they prefer." Ibid.
That formulation is right, and as shown above, it demands an inquiry
into the effects of a scheme on voters' opportunity to elect candidates. See
supra, at 14 -- 15, 17 -- 22. Similarly, the majority claims that it is doing
just what White did. See ante, at 35. And White, recall, made an "in-
tensely local appraisal" of whether an electoral scheme, when "overlaid"
on historical, social, and political "realities," in fact operated to dilute
minority voting strength -- in other words, applied an effects test. See
supra, at 10 -- 12, and. So the majority closes its opinion by suggest-
ing it is not requiring a vote-dilution plaintiff to present evidence of "dis-
criminatory intent." Ante, at 35. Which, if true, would be welcome news.
And welcomer still if lower courts took those last words seriously and
allowed Section 2 claims to succeed even absent proof of race-based pur-
pose. But I suspect they will not. Because they, like I, will have read the
many pages leading up to the majority's coda. And those pages, both in
setting out and in explaining the Callais requirements, make clear that
a Section 2 plaintiff has a "special burden" to "demonstrate" that racial
rather than political (or other) reasons "drove a district's lines" -- i.e., that
"the State intentionally drew its districts to afford minority voters less
opportunity." Ante, at 25 -- 26, 29. So what the majority
hopes to accomplish by its last-minute attempt to associate itself with an
effects inquiry is something of a mystery. To try to disguise what it is
26 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

But before becoming so granular, it is worth asking what
precedents support the majority's insistence on evidence of
racially discriminatory intent. By now, I hope, no reader
will think those precedents concern Section 2. Our Section
2 precedents are quite to the contrary: It is "patently clear,"
Allen recently summarized, that because Section 2 liability
"turns on the presence of discriminatory effects, not dis-
criminatory intent," a plaintiff need not demonstrate a
"purpose of racial discrimination." 599 U. S., at 25. So the majority must go
further afield. Its citations regarding the plaintiff 's "spe-
cial burden" of showing that race rather than politics (or
anything else) motivated the State are from this Court's ra-
cial-gerrymandering jurisprudence. See ante, at 25. But racial gerrymandering claims
and vote-dilution claims are, despite some superficial simi-
larities, different legal beasts. Contra, ante, at 36 (confus-
ing and conflating the two). Plaintiffs bringing the former
need not have suffered vote dilution, nor do they invoke Sec-
tion 2. Their claim is simply that purposeful racial sort-
ing -- all on its own, irrespective of any vote-minimizing ef-
fects -- violates the Fourteenth Amendment.6 In such a case
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
really doing? To somehow absolve itself of responsibility? Or could it
just be that, in responding to this dissent, the majority can do nothing
but agree?
6 The first case to recognize a racial gerrymandering claim was Shaw

v. Reno, (1993). There, five White residents objected to the
North Carolina Legislature's decision to create two majority-Black dis-
tricts. But the plaintiffs did not -- and could not -- argue that the map
diluted their votes. See id., at 641. Instead, they contended that the
legislature's "deliberate [race-based] segregation of voters" violated their
Fourteenth Amendment right to "a color-blind electoral process." Id., at
641 -- 642. The Court held that the plaintiffs had a "cognizable claim" -- 
that the Fourteenth Amendment could be violated by such intentional
sorting. Id., at 634. And later decisions elaborated that a racial gerry-
mandering claim would trigger strict scrutiny if a plaintiff "prove[d] that
race was the predominant factor motivating" the drawing of district
lines. Cooper v. Harris, (2017).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 27

KAGAN, J., dissenting

(as I have elsewhere explained), it is of course essential to
have proof of race-based purpose. See Cooper, 581 U. S., at
291 -- 292, 308. But not so when the claim is for vote dilution,
brought under a statute that (in Allen's words again)
"clearly rejected treating discriminatory intent as a re-
quirement for liability." 599 U. S., at 37. In that context,
putting a burden on the plaintiff to show that district lines
were "driven by" racial rather than political (or other) fac-
tors, ante, at 29, is to reject everything this Court has ever
said about Congress's Section 2 choice.
The majority's misplaced focus on purpose shows up first,
and most critically, in its recasting of the first Gingles pre-
condition. That threshold requirement, as the majority
acknowledges, has always functioned to ensure that a mi-
nority community is large and geographically compact
enough to elect a representative of its choice in a reasonably
configured district. See ante, at 8, 29; supra, at 18 -- 19. So
the illustrative maps most vote-dilution plaintiffs submit
show exactly that -- how a reasonable majority-minority dis-
trict could be created. But now, the majority says, the first
precondition must be devoted to flushing out discriminatory
purpose on the part of the State, by excluding the possibility
that its districting plan arose from nonracial motives. See
ante, at 29 -- 30. So the plaintiffs' alternative maps have to
satisfy (as well or better than the State's own) every per-
missible districting criterion the State specifies, includ-
ing -- and this is the kicker -- all its "political goals." Ibid.
Those goals include the "partisan distribution" of districts
within the State -- say, that six seats should be held by one
party and none by the other. Ibid. Likewise, they appar-
ently encompass the partisan balance within any district -- 
say, to ensure "a specific margin of victory" for a candidate.
Ibid. Only if the plaintiffs' maps "achieve [all those] goals
just as well" as the State's plan, the majority intones, can
those maps "help to 'disentangle race' from politics" -- or,
otherwise said, show that the State's plan was "driven by
28 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

racial" motives. Ibid..
That change alone is likely to bring vote-dilution suits
(already hard to win) to a screeching halt. To see how, re-
turn to the circle hypothetical -- until now, the paradigmatic
case of vote dilution, because the State there prevents Black
(but not White) voters from having an opportunity to elect
their preferred representative, as Section 2 demands. See
supra, at 1 -- 2. The legislature, recall, has sliced the major-
ity-Black circle district into six pie pieces, with each added
to (and only marginally affecting) a predominantly-White
district. Before today, the first Gingles precondition is met
with ease, just with a picture of the old district: Yes, that
picture would say, Black voters can form -- in fact, have
formed -- a majority in a district drawn consistent with tra-
ditional principles. See supra, at 21. But after today? Sup-
pose the State, per the majority's instructions, asserts that
it cracked the African American electorate because it wants
six safe Republican districts. Now the plaintiffs' illustra-
tive map, insists the majority, must also have six safe Re-
publican districts. But given that race and partisan prefer-
ence are linked (with Black citizens mainly voting
Democratic), such a map cannot be drawn. Any map with
a majority-Black district will not be a map with all Repub-
lican seats. And so, the majority decides, a Section 2 suit
must fail at the outset -- even though the State has deprived
Black citizens of any opportunity to elect representatives of
their choice. At least where such common race-based voting
patterns hold, States now have an automatic political-ger-
rymandering defense to vote-dilution claims.
Yet more, the majority's reworking of Gingles's first pre-
condition (contra its assurance) will doom vote-dilution
suits even when majority and minority voters support dif-
ferent candidates within a single party. Take an example
offered by the Solicitor General, whose ideas about how to
upend Gingles the majority largely filches. See Brief for
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 29

KAGAN, J., dissenting

United States as Amicus Curiae 20 -- 31. In that hypothet-
ical, Black, Hispanic, and White voters residing in Harlem
all vote mainly for Democrats, but have "different candi-
dates of choice." Tr. of Oral Arg. 119. The Solicitor General
maintains that if the district lines "favor one of those ra-
cial groups" -- let's say, the Black voters -- "that's the sort of
situation where Section 2 could come in." Ibid. The major-
ity agrees, because there the State's preference for one
party could not explain the district lines drawn. See ante,
at 27, 29 -- 30. But under the majority's test, the legislature
could easily invoke other political, as well as non-political,
goals to justify the lines and thus preclude liability. Sup-
pose the State asserted that it drew the lines to protect an
incumbent, who just so happened to be favored by Black
residents. Or suppose the State said it wanted to increase
(or decrease or maintain) the district's partisan competi-
tiveness (created by its ratio of Democrats to Republicans),
which just coincidentally gave Black voters more influence.
Or suppose the State said that it wished to keep the existing
district's core intact (itself a frequent districting criterion,
see ante, at 24), rather than make the changes needed to
give non-Black voters greater electoral opportunity. The
possibilities are endless. And each would have the same
result. Because a Section 2 plaintiff 's map could not as well
advance the bespoke political (or other) goal(s) favoring the
Black voters' chosen candidate, the suit would fail -- even if
non-Black votes, election year in and election year out, had
been made to count for nothing.
Congress, as should by now be clear, made a different
choice. In amending Section 2, Congress opted for the ef-
fects test of White over the purpose test of Bolden. See su-
pra, at 13 -- 16. And it did so largely because of the unfeasi-
bility of countering a State's non-race-based justification for
a given districting decision. See supra, at 15 -- 16. Such a
demand, the authors of the Senate compromise explained,
would impose "an inordinately difficult burden," precluding
30 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

a remedy for even the most "egregious" cases of vote dilu-
tion. Senate Report, at 36 -- 37. Yet that is exactly the bur-
den the majority makes Section 2 plaintiffs bear -- and at
the first threshold condition. The majority makes no effort
to explain how minority voters can meet its new require-
ment. How they can devise a map satisfying (at least as
well as the State's own) each of the State's asserted political
and other goals while also creating (or maintaining) a ma-
jority-minority district.7 Or assuming they cannot draw
such a map, whether they may produce other evidence of
racially discriminatory motive to meet (or else bypass) the
first Callais requirement. Or if they may offer such evi-
dence, how (if at all) it might differ from the kind generally
needed to prevail in a racial gerrymandering suit -- i.e., "di-
rect evidence," like "leaked e-mails" from legislators pro-
fessing the desire to reduce a racial group's voting strength.
Alexander, 602 U. S., at 8. Presumably, the majority thinks
that the details do not much matter. Once Section 2 has
been transformed, via a change to Gingles's first
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 If that assignment does not sound fanciful enough, the majority im-

poses yet a weirder requirement on plaintiffs' maps -- and one Allen spe-
cifically rejected. "[I]n drawing illustrative maps," today's majority
holds, "plaintiffs cannot use race." Ante, at 29; see ibid. ("[A]n illustra-
tive map in which race was used has no value in proving a plaintiff 's
case"). What exactly the majority means by "use" is left unclear. But
assuming the majority means to bar plaintiffs from taking account of
race when showing how a majority-minority district could be created, it
is both incoherent and inconsistent with Section 2 and Gingles. I cannot
do better than Allen did in explaining why. In that case, Alabama took
much the view the majority does: that a Section 2 plaintiff 's illustrative
maps "cannot have been 'based' on race." 599 U. S., at 24. But Allen
spurned the notion. "Section 2 itself demands consideration of race," we
explained, because its implementation requires knowing "whether addi-
tional majority-minority districts can be drawn." Id., at 30 -- 31 (emphasis
in original). And indeed, we continued, "[t]hat is the whole point" of the
maps "adduced at the first step of Gingles." Id., at 33 (emphasis deleted).
To say that those maps must be "race-blind" is thus to "reject [the Gin-
gles] framework outright" -- really, to insist that it "be overruled." Ibid.
Quite right.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 31

KAGAN, J., dissenting

precondition, from a ban on racially dilutive effects (à la
White) to a ban on race-based motives (à la Bolden), virtu-
ally all vote-dilution cases will fail anyway. The majority
has thus nullified Congress's decision to provide a remedy,
without proof of intent, for state action that "results in" a
minority group's lesser opportunity "to elect representa-
tives.".
But the majority is not yet done thwarting Congress's ob-
jective. Maybe in some exceptional case, a State will fail to
assert a goal, like political gerrymandering, that the plain-
tiff 's map cannot replicate. Then, the majority's makeover
of the second and third Gingles preconditions comes into
play, again to convert Section 2 into its opposite -- a statute
turning on discriminatory intent, not effects. Contra, Allen,
599 U. S., at 25 (" turns on the presence of discriminatory
effects, not discriminatory intent"). Until today, the second
and third preconditions focused simply on racially polarized
voting: Plaintiffs had to show that minority citizens vote co-
hesively, but cannot elect their preferred candidates be-
cause majority citizens vote as a bloc for others. See supra,
at 18 -- 19. Now the majority introduces a new requirement
to impede Section 2 suits: "[T]he plaintiffs must provide an
analysis that controls for party affiliation." Ante, at 30.
That means if minority citizens vote mainly for one party
and majority citizens vote mainly for another, none of that
difference can count toward meeting the second and third
preconditions. So in offering evidence of polarized voting
preferences, a plaintiff must remove from the equation...
polarized voting preferences. For in most places (even if not
in Harlem), partisan difference is the way those divergent
preferences are expressed -- and the way one racial group's
vote can swamp another's, again and again. The majority
argues that its new requirement is needed to rule out the
possibility that the State districted as it did for partisan,
rather than racial, reasons. See ibid. But the State's intent
is not what is supposed to matter in a Section 2 suit.
32 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

Congress amended Section 2 (need I say again?) to ensure
that it would function as an effects test. The majority
wishes a different statute, and makes it so.8
And so too for Section 2's "totality of circumstances" in-
quiry.. Should some litigant miraculously arrive
at that stage of a vote-dilution suit, he will find it trans-
formed. The "totality" test, today's majority insists, must
focus on only one thing: "intentional present-day voting dis-
crimination." Ante, at 31. But that is neither what Con-
gress said nor what Congress meant when it added the
phrase "totality of circumstances" -- obviously referring to
multiple things -- to Section 2. See Allen, 599 U. S., at 26 (A
"single-minded" concentration on "only one circumstance"
"cannot be squared with [Section 2's] demand"). Derived
from White, that phrase demands the kind of "intensely lo-
cal appraisal" the Court there used to evaluate a districting
plan's "impact" on a minority group's access to the political
process. 412 U. S., at 769 -- 770. That appraisal of course
included evidence relating to "intentional present-day vot-
ing discrimination." Ante, at 31. But it included as well the
continuing effects of past discrimination -- and not only in
politics but in other spheres of life. See White, 412 U. S., at
767 -- 769; supra, at 11 -- 12. The majority's flattening of the
prescribed inquiry mirrors Bolden's conversion of White
into a test for illicit motive. See supra, at 12 -- 13. But it was
precisely to reverse that shift that Congress enacted Sec-
tion 2's current "totality" language.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 As with the first Callais requirement, see supra, at 30 -- 31, the major-

ity does not address whether plaintiffs can bypass this second require-
ment if they have evidence that the districting decision was "driven by
racial considerations," ante, at 29. In other words, what happens if the
second Callais requirement is unsatisfied (because race and partisan
preference go hand in hand) but there is still evidence that race "drove"
the "district's lines"? Ante, at 25, 36. Presumably the claim should be
able to proceed to the "totality" test, but the majority leaves us guessing.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 33

KAGAN, J., dissenting

The consequences of the new Callais requirements show
up immediately, in the majority's disposition of this case.
The District Court may have heard five days of testimony;
may have properly applied the (old) Gingles factors; may
have explained in 110 fact-intensive pages why the vote-di-
lution plaintiffs were likely to prevail. See supra, at 22 -- 23.
But the majority thinks it "eas[y]" to overturn all that
court's work in a few paragraphs. Ante, at 32. The plain-
tiffs flunked the (new) first Gingles precondition because
their illustrative map, although showing a reasonably con-
figured majority-minority district, "fail[ed] to meet the
State's political goal" of protecting every incumbent Re-
publican Representative. Ante, at 33. The plaintiffs came
up short on the (new) second and third preconditions be-
cause their showing of racially polarized voting -- "that
black and white voters consistently supported different can-
didates" -- "did not control for partisan preferences." Ante,
at 34. And anyway, the plaintiffs could not prevail under
the (new) "totality of circumstances" test because they did
not show "that the State's challenged map was the result of
intentional racial discrimination"; all the plaintiffs' evi-
dence -- like the dearth of Black-preferred candidates ever
elected in the State -- could just be the result of "politics."
Ante, at 34 -- 35. Bang, bang, bang. It is like shooting fish
in a barrel. Once the State can rely on any political goal of
its devising -- and once "inter-party racial polarization"
serves to "undercut" rather than "strengthen" a vote-dilu-
tion claim -- no plausibly existing evidence in this case could
have made a difference. Ante, at 30, 34 (emphasis deleted).
And nothing is special about this majority-minority dis-
trict; as the Callais requirements have eliminated it today,
so they will eliminate other and older ones in the years to
come. Recall that this majority-Black district (which is Dis-
trict 6) was Louisiana's second. See supra, at 22 -- 23. The
State's District 2 has had a Black majority since 1983, when
a vote-dilution suit forced its creation. If Louisiana were
34 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

tomorrow to slice up District 2, dispersing its Black resi-
dents among the rest, it is hard to see how the now judi-
cially amended Section 2 could stand in the way. The State
presumably would assert as its "political goal" an all-Re-
publican congressional delegation; in other words, it would
announce a partisan gerrymander. Ante, at 25, 33. And
because of the severe racial polarization in the State, that
goal would be incompatible with maintaining District 2 as
is. So those advocating for its majority-minority composi-
tion would almost surely lose at the first Callais require-
ment (and, as above, at the others as well). Repeated often
enough across the country, the same districting practice -- 
really, hinging only on the partisan ambitions (or restraint)
of state legislatures -- could destroy most of the majority-
minority districts that in the past 40 years the Voting
Rights Act created. The Callais requirements have thus
laid the groundwork for the largest reduction in minority
representation since the era following Reconstruction. Un-
der cover of "updat[ing]" and "realign[ing]" this greatest of
statutes, ante, at 29, the majority makes a nullity of Section
2 and threatens a half-century's worth of gains in voting
equality.
B
There is only one "special burden" appropriate to deciding
this case. Ante, at 25. And it is not the utterly novel one
that the majority imposes on Section 2 vote-dilution plain-
tiffs to "disentangle" state motives. Ibid. Rather, it is the
well-settled one that the Court itself must meet before over-
turning precedent about the meaning of a statute. Our law
is clear. Stare decisis -- the presumption that "today's Court
should stand by yesterday's decisions" -- "carries enhanced
force" when the decision in question "interprets a statute."
Kimble v. Marvel Entertainment, LLC, -- 
456 (2015). That is because our statutory, unlike our con-
stitutional, rulings can always be changed by Congress
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 35

KAGAN, J., dissenting

itself. See id., at 456. (Just recall how Congress rejected
our decision in Bolden.) When this Court has said what a
statute means -- and Congress has said nothing to the con-
trary -- a "superpowered form of stare decisis" takes hold,
which only a "superspecial justification" can overcome. Id.,
at 458. Or, as one Justice has put it, there is in that cir-
cumstance a "nearly impregnable... shield" protecting the
decision. Minerva Surgical, Inc. v. Hologic, Inc., (2021) (ALITO, J., dissenting).
This Court, as noted above, invoked that shield to uphold
Gingles just three Terms ago. See supra, at 20 -- 21. In Al-
len, Alabama proposed a way of limiting Gingles to make it
harder to win a vote-dilution suit. We responded that "Con-
gress is undoubtedly aware" of how this Court has con-
strued Section 2. 599 U. S., at 39. And, we said, "[i]t can
change that if it likes." Ibid. "But until and unless it does,
statutory stare decisis counsels our staying the course."
Ibid. ; see also 599 U. S.,
at 42, 43, (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in part) (invok-
ing "stringent statutory stare decisis" rules and noting that
"[i]n the past 37 years" Congress "ha[s] not disturbed Gin-
gles"). And if that's not enough (though why not?), then
there's this. JUSTICE ALITO dissented in Allen in a way that
prefigured today's opinion, proposing there that the Gingles
framework be changed to reflect his own views about Sec-
tion 2's text and constitutional context. See 599 U. S., at
103 -- 104, 108 -- 109; compare ante, at 20 -- 26. The Court
noted his argument that "[t]he Gingles framework should
be [re]interpreted" -- and then said no. 599 U. S., at 39,. "[A]s we have explained," the
Court stated, "Gingles effectuates the delicate legislative
bargain that embodies." Ibid.; see id., at 17 -- 19; supra,
at 13 -- 15. "And statutory stare decisis," the Court con-
cluded, "counsels strongly in favor of not undoing" that
"compromise." 599 U. S., at 39, (alteration omitted).
Apparently, though, statutory stare decisis is now done
36 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

"counsel[ing]," id., at 39, and ; it is not so much as men-
tioned in today's opinion.
That void is more remarkable still given Allen's own re-
affirmation of Gingles on the merits (even putting aside its
precedential status). Just control-find for all my citations
of Allen (or better yet read the decision), and you will have
a good idea of its character. In addition to awarding Gingles
the highest form of stare decisis protection, Allen (1) traced
the history of Section 2's amendment as I have, focusing on
Congress's rejection of Bolden's motive inquiry in favor of
White's effects test, see 599 U. S., at 10 -- 14; (2) explained as
I have how each part of the Gingles framework functions
and how the Court has used that framework "[f]or the past
forty years" "in one case after another," 599 U. S., at 17 -- 
19; (3) showed how the District Court's analysis (which
closely resembles the one here) conformed in all respects to
Gingles, see 599 U. S., at 19 -- 23;9 and (4) rejected the no-
tions that the Gingles framework should not apply to single-
member districting or that it violates the Fifteenth Amend-
ment, see 599 U. S., at 38 -- 42; infra, at 41. The majority's
main claim for why Allen nonetheless has no relevance here
is that the decision "was about" Alabama's "specific argu-
ment" that a vote-dilution suit could succeed only if the
State's map deviated from a "race-neutral benchmark."
Ante, at 31. Well, sure, Allen was about that too. And in
rebuffing that argument, it used reasoning that equally dis-
credits the new Callais requirements.10 But even put that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 In that part of the opinion, the Court took note of JUSTICE THOMAS's

complaint that "what the District Court did here is essentially no differ-
ent from what many courts have done for decades under this Court's su-
perintendence." 599 U. S., at 26, (dissenting opinion). The Court's
one-sentence response: "That is not such a bad definition of stare decisis."
Ibid.
10 That is so because Alabama's proposed "race-neutral benchmark"
and the majority's Callais requirements operate on the same (mistaken)
logic. Alabama's premise in urging the benchmark's adoption was that
race-neutral reasons for districting should defeat a Section 2 suit; the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 37

KAGAN, J., dissenting

aside. The key point here is that at every step of its multi-
step analysis, and in every part of its multi-part opinion,
Allen reaffirmed Gingles -- the old Gingles, with its old un-
derstanding of what Congress did when amending Section
2. So Allen, too, demands that today's majority, before mu-
tilating Gingles, possess a "superspecial justification."
Kimble, 576 U. S., at 458.
And it does not have one. Not a superspecial justification;
not a special justification; not even an ordinary decent jus-
tification. On the statute's text, on the statute's constitu-
tional context, and on "historical developments" post-dating
the statute -- the majority fails at every turn. Ante, at 26.
The majority's textual analysis is long and winding and,
in its crucial move, wholly non-textual. The majority tells
us it will interpret the phrase "less opportunity than other
members of the electorate... to elect representatives of
their choice." ; see ante, at 20. It then says a
number of things, to no apparent effect, about the compo-
nent terms "opportunity," "other members of the elec-
torate," and "elect." Ante, at 20 -- 21. And then, the majority
puts all that aside and begins to free solo. See ante, at 21 -- 
22. What the provision promises minority voters, the ma-
jority says in the critical passage, is -- and is only -- "what-
ever opportunity results from the application of the State's

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
benchmark would show whether a districting plan in fact derived from
such reasons, or instead from impermissible race-based ones. See Allen,
599 U. S., at 23 -- 24; Brief for Appellants in Allen v. Milligan, O. T. 2022,
Nos. 21 -- 1086, 21 -- 1087, pp. 43 -- 46, 75. The Callais requirements are dif-
ferent in form but not in function: They too are designed to disentangle
race-based from race-neutral (e.g., partisan) reasons, on the (selfsame)
view that Section 2 liability should attach only to the former. See ante,
at 25, 29 -- 30, 32. It is, then, not surprising that Allen's primary ground
for rejecting Alabama's benchmark also defeats the Callais require-
ments. Allen responded that " turns on the presence of discriminatory
effects, not discriminatory intent." 599 U. S., at 25. So it would not mat-
ter that the benchmark (and likewise the majority's alternative mecha-
nism) suggested race-neutral motives.
38 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

combination of permissible criteria." Ante, at 22. Can you
find that in the "less opportunity" phrase? What the major-
ity means is that if the State has used non-race-based cri-
teria (whether political or non-political) to draw its dis-
tricts, then Section 2 has nothing to say. Even though those
criteria produce a world (think about my cracked circle dis-
trict) in which minority voters, compared to their White
neighbors, have "less opportunity" to "elect representatives
of their choice," a vote-dilution claim cannot prevail.. That can only happen, according to the major-
ity's view, when the district lines arise from "[im]permissi-
ble," race-based criteria -- that is, when the State's evident
intent was to strip minority voters of their opportunity to
elect. Ante, at 22. With that interpretation in mind, read
Congress's "less opportunity" phrase again. It is miles
away.
And of course it is. Because, once more, the "less oppor-
tunity" standard was designed to focus on the "results" of a
state practice, not on its justifications.. Congress
had seen again and again -- when it amended Section 2 in
1982, had seen for over a century -- how race-neutral elec-
tion procedures, including in districting, could produce dis-
criminatory results. See supra, at 7 -- 8, 13, 15. Congress
knew States did not have to rely on impermissible, race-
based criteria to "minimize or cancel out [minority] vot-
ing strength." Allen, 599 U. S., at 25. So when this Court
decided Bolden -- which immunized race-neutral election
procedures unless a plaintiff could produce smoking-gun
evidence of discriminatory intent -- Congress responded. It
did not, as I've described, opt for proportional representa-
tion; it enacted a standard that would take some work to
meet. See ; supra, at 19 -- 20. But it most assuredly
did not amend Section 2 to give minority citizens only
"whatever" the "application of the State's combination of
permissible" (i.e., "nonracial") "criteria" produced. Ante, at
22, 24.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 39

KAGAN, J., dissenting

So the majority must turn elsewhere, and it next lands
on the Constitution. There, it begins in settled territory.
The Fifteenth Amendment, all agree, prohibits only pur-
poseful discrimination. See ante, at 23. But that amend-
ment, in addition, grants Congress the power to enforce it
by "appropriate legislation." Even the majority concedes
that grant enables Congress to go further than the Amend-
ment would -- to prohibit things by legislation that the
Amendment itself does not. See ante, at 22 -- 23. The im-
portant issue is how far and how much. And here the ma-
jority makes an unprecedented claim. It contends that to
"ensure" compliance with the Fifteenth Amendment, Sec-
tion 2 must be construed to impose liability only when the
circumstances create a "strong inference" of intentional dis-
crimination. Ante, at 23. And more, the majority makes
clear that the circumstances will not do so when the State
can point to any remotely plausible race-neutral justifica-
tion -- whether political or non-political -- for the district
lines it has drawn. See ante, at 24 ("Properly understood,"
Section 2 "does not intrude on States' prerogative to draw
districts based on nonracial factors"). That is so regardless
of how discriminatory its districting is in operation -- even
to the point of "eliminating" in one fell swoop "all majority-
minority districts." Ante, at 23.11
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 Note that the majority's constitutional analysis is based only on the

Fifteenth Amendment, and not at all on the Fourteenth. I would not
ordinarily think to make that blazingly obvious point. But in a second
attempt to distinguish this case from Allen (see supra, at 21, for the
first unsuccessful one), the majority insists that whereas "Allen did not
discuss the Fourteenth Amendment," "[h]ere, by contrast, [the Four-
teenth Amendment] is the linchpin of this suit." Ante, at 32. That is not
so, at least in any way that matters to the majority's analysis. The Four-
teenth Amendment serves as the entryway to that analysis, because the
suit in fact before us presents a racial gerrymandering claim. But as I
have described, the majority opts to decide that Fourteenth Amendment
claim by focusing on the earlier Section 2 vote-dilution claim from which
it arose. See supra, at 17,. The only Fourteenth Amendment
40 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

I just called that claim "unprecedented," and so it is: The
majority has conjured it out of thin air. From before Section
2 was amended until today, Congress was understood to
have constitutional power to ban practices resulting in un-
equal voting opportunities, irrespective of proof of racial
motive. And likewise, Congress was understood to have
power to prohibit vote-diluting practices even when a State
could proffer some sort of plausible race-neutral justifica-
tion. In this Court's seminal decisions, we explained that
the phrase "appropriate legislation" in the Fifteenth
Amendment grants Congress "the same broad powers ex-
pressed in the Necessary and Proper Clause." Katzenbach
v. Morgan, (1966); see Katzenbach, 383
U. S., at 325 -- 327. So Congress has "discretion" to deter-
mine "whether and what legislation is needed to secure" the
Amendment's "guarantees." Morgan, 384 U. S., at 651.
And that discretion, as critical here, extends to "outlaw[ing]
voting practices that are discriminatory in effect," without
proof of intent. City of Rome, 446 U. S., at 173. In explain-
ing why, this Court first underscored the connection be-
tween past discriminatory intent and present discrimina-
tory results: Congress, we held, could decide that some
unintentional state action works to "freeze the effect of past
[purposeful] discrimination." Id., at 176. And that was not
all. Congress also could enact an effects test, we held, as
the appropriate way of preventing current intentional dis-
crimination -- a sort of prophylactic rule responding to the
"risk" (often made reality in American history) of a State's
using ostensibly race-neutral practices to cover

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
"holding" here is that a court may not draw race-based district lines with-
out a compelling interest -- something we have made plain many times
before. See ante, at 8 -- 11. The real work of the opinion is in deciding
that compliance with Section 2 could not have given Louisiana a compel-
ling interest because that provision, as construed today, did not require
any change to the State's map. And that analysis is based only on Sec-
tion 2 and the Fifteenth Amendment -- exactly the subjects Allen covered.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 41

KAGAN, J., dissenting

impermissible goals. See id., at 177; see also Katzenbach,
383 U. S., at 309, 335.
And if those decisions are too ancient for today's majority,
it should consider (again) Allen, from three Terms ago.
There, Alabama made an argument, similar to the major-
ity's, that the effects-based framework of Section 2 and Gin-
gles too far strayed from the Fifteenth Amendment's ban on
intentional discrimination. We stomped on that objection.
"[T]he prior decisions of this Court," we stated, "foreclose
any argument that Congress may not, pursuant to [of the
Fifteenth Amendment], outlaw voting practices that are
discriminatory in effect." 599 U. S., at 41; see id., at 45
(opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.) ("[T]he constitutional argument
presented by Alabama is not persuasive in light of the
Court's precedents"). Section 2's "ban on electoral changes
that are discriminatory in effect," we continued, "is an ap-
propriate method of promoting the purposes of the Fif-
teenth Amendment." Id., at 41. And if that were not
enough, one final way of driving home the point: "[W]e are
not persuaded" by the view that the "effects test" of Section
2 "as interpreted in Gingles exceeds the remedial authority
of Congress." Ibid.
Those well-established precepts permit Congress to do
what Congress did when it amended Section 2 -- prohibit
electoral schemes based on their vote-diluting effects, re-
gardless whether a State could offer up some race-neutral
explanation. Congress then knew that it possessed such
enforcement power; our decisions settling the issue were
landmarks of the civil rights era. And Congress decided to
use its authority. It did not make asserted state interests
irrelevant: Those interests, indeed, had to be considered in
the "totality of circumstances" inquiry Congress prescribed.
; see supra, at 20. But neither did Congress make
those interests a nearly impregnable shield, as the majority
does today. It understood, just as the Court had, that even
race-neutral actions could perpetuate purposeful racial
42 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

discrimination. And it realized, again in the same vein as
the Court, that race-neutral explanations could conceal
race-based intent. See supra, at 15 -- 16. Today's majority
makes plain its disdain for those views. See ante, at 22 -- 26.
But the Fifteenth Amendment gave the power to enforce its
guarantees not to this Court but to Congress.
So the majority moves on again, now to a grab-bag of "de-
velopments" that it somehow thinks license it to rewrite a
statute. Ante, at 26 -- 29. The majority first summons the
slogan of Shelby County, in which the Court ordained itself
the arbiter of when civil rights laws are no longer needed.
" '[T]hings have changed dramatically,' " today's majority
echoes, pointing to increases in African American voting
registration and to the success of " 'African-Americans at-
tain[ing] political office' " -- "particularly in the South,
where many suits arise." Ante, at 26. No doubt that is so, in large
measure because of the Voting Rights Act. But it is a sepa-
rate question whether those gains will endure once the Act's
protections are gone. See Shelby County, 570 U. S., at 590
(Ginsburg, J., dissenting) (noting the fallacy of "throwing
away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not get-
ting wet"). And surely -- but apparently not -- the proper ac-
tor to answer that question is Congress. For one thing, it
likely has a fuller understanding of the issue. I will be in-
terested to see, for example, whether time will vindicate the
majority's view that the "great strides" made in African
American office-holding, "particularly in the South," will
hold up after the issuance of this opinion. Ante, at 26. My
own guess is not. See supra, at 33 -- 34. But honestly, the
American people pay no Member of this Court to make
those predictive policy judgments -- and more important,
the Constitution does not allow us to base our decisions on
them. It is for the people's representatives in Congress to
decide when the Nation need no longer worry about the di-
lution of minority voting strength. So long as Congress has
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 43

KAGAN, J., dissenting

not done so -- and it has not -- this Court has no right to can-
cel (sorry, "update") a duly enacted statute on the theory
that it knows better.
Indeed, the majority's "things have changed" stance here
is yet less defensible than in Shelby County. That is be-
cause Section 2, unlike the now-defunct Section 5, itself re-
sponds to change, so no external "fix" is needed. Section 5
selected jurisdictions for preclearance based on past condi-
tions; so if the provision's last authorization was many
years in the past, the mechanism could appear outdated.
See Shelby County, 570 U. S., at 551 ("Coverage today is
based on decades-old data and eradicated practices"). Sec-
tion 2, by contrast, does not run on historical data. Liability
attaches based only on present electoral practices and the
present discrimination they "result in.". A
plaintiff must prove that the political process is "not equally
open to participation" by all citizens at the time of suit; if he
cannot, he loses. Ibid. There is thus no danger, as Shelby
County put it, that "current burdens" are not "justified by
current needs." 570 U. S., at 536. Under Section 2, they
must be.
The Gingles preconditions yet further anchor Section 2
suits in the here-and-now by working as built-in sunset
clauses. The first precondition is met only if a racial group
is (in the present) geographically concentrated. See supra,
at 18 -- 19. That means as residential segregation decreases
in a State, Section 2 becomes unavailable as a remedy. See
Allen, 599 U. S., at 28 -- 29. Similarly, the second and third
preconditions can be satisfied only if voting (again, in the
present) is racially polarized. See supra, at 18 -- 19. So as
racial bloc voting recedes, Section 2 ceases to operate. And
racial desegregation and depolarization are not just possi-
ble in theory; they are happening in fact -- and at speed -- in
many parts of the country. See Brief for Nicholas O. Steph-
anopoulos as Amicus Curiae 16 -- 29. Consistent with those
trends, the number of successful Section 2 vote-dilution
44 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

suits (always fairly small) has declined every decade since
the statute was amended. Katz Brief 6. In short, as "things
change dramatically," Section 2 self-liquidates -- and to a
fair extent, it already has. But in the places where, because
of local conditions, the law continues to work, the Court has
no warrant to speed its demise.
Nor is the majority aided by what it terms the emergence
of a "full-blown two-party system" in "the States where 
suits are most common." Ante, at 27. As to that develop-
ment, the majority reiterates its persistent theme: When
racially polarized voting expresses itself in different party
preferences, district lines may reflect partisan rather than
racial motives, and so Section 2 should drop out of the pic-
ture. See ante, at 27, 30, 32. But as an initial matter, the
majority's newly formulated test will eliminate the lion's
share of Section 2 claims even when racially polarized vot-
ing occurs within a single party -- as in the Solicitor Gen-
eral's Harlem example, discussed above. See supra, at 28 -- 
29. The State could not then assert a partisan-gerryman-
dering defense, but it could invoke a host of other race-neu-
tral justifications, like incumbency protection or district
continuity, to ward off liability. In short, the majority's test
fails to save Section 2 even for the "intra-party [racial] dis-
parities" that the majority asserts Congress had in mind.
Ante, at 27.
And more fundamentally, the majority is wrong on its
history. By 1982 (the year of Section 2's amendment), Con-
gress well knew that "race is often correlated with party
preference," because that was increasingly the case. Ibid.
Senate hearings were replete with testimony about that
growing correlation, with opponents of the House's "results
in" language (Senator Hatch and his camp) questioning wit-
nesses about why "minority groups alone" should be "im-
mune to partisan or ideological gerrymandering." Senate
Report, at 184; see id., at 172, ; Hearings on S. 53 et
al. before the Subcomm. on the Constitution of the S.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 45

KAGAN, J., dissenting

Comm. on the Judiciary, 97th Cong., 2d Sess., 649, 964 -- 
965, 1255, 1376 -- 1377 (1982). But those proponents of Bol-
den, of course, did not get their way: The Dole proposal
maintained the House's emphasis on results, not motives.
See supra, at 14 -- 15. So the majority's appeal to an old "one-
party system," ante, at 27, like the rest of its insistence on
disentangling partisanship and race, works not to uphold
but instead to overthrow the bargain Congress made.
The last argument about "post-Gingles development[s]"
worth mentioning is also the most dispiriting. Ibid. Seven
years ago, this Court held in Rucho v. Common Cause, (2019), that claims of political gerrymandering
are not justiciable in federal court. That was, in my view,
an ill-considered decision, whose adverse effects have never
been more obvious than today, as this country's two major
parties compete in a race to the bottom. But to its (modest)
credit, the Rucho Court did not pretend that partisan ger-
rymanders were something in need of safeguarding. To the
contrary, the Court conceded that they were "incompatible
with democratic principles" and "lead to results that rea-
sonably seem unjust." Id., at 718. (The Court's rationale
was only that federal courts lack competence to deal with
gerrymanders, not that they were protected by law or ben-
eficial as policy.) Today, though, the majority straight-fac-
edly holds that the Voting Rights Act must be brought low
to make the world safe for partisan gerrymanders. See
ante, at 27 -- 28. For how else, the majority reasons, can we
preserve the authority of States to engage in this practice
than by stripping minority citizens of their rights to an
equal political process? See ibid. And with that, the major-
ity as much as invites States to embark on a new round of
partisan gerrymanders -- and makes an already bad prece-
dent into one still worse. It is not enough that Rucho has
harmed the whole body politic. Now, that decision also be-
comes the cudgel to diminish the rightful voting influence
of its minority citizens.
46 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

IV
Congress amended Section 2 to reverse this Court's deci-
sion in Bolden that the law barred only intentional racial
discrimination in voting. Based on a century of history,
Congress determined that such a limited ban would not be
enough to protect minority citizens' voting rights. The leg-
islation Congress enacted to correct Bolden emerged from
vigorous debate and careful compromise, based mainly on
this Court's decision in White. The new law denied a right
to proportional representation; it focused instead on the
"opportunity" that a given election practice granted minor-
ity citizens. But the requisite opportunity was not to be as-
sessed by a State's intent or by its proffered justifications.
Rather, the lawfulness of an election practice was to turn
on its "results" -- on whether it gave minority citizens a
lesser chance than their majority neighbors to participate
in politics and elect candidates. In making that choice, Con-
gress exercised its constitutional responsibility to enforce
the Fifteenth Amendment. And when called on to interpret
the new law, this Court -- from Gingles all the way through
Allen -- respected and implemented what Congress had
done.
Today's majority does not. Its supposed "updating" of
Gingles overthrows Congress's decision to make Section 2
liability hinge on an electoral practice's effects -- on how it
actually works. The new Callais requirements will effec-
tively insulate any practice, including any districting
scheme, said by a State to have any race-neutral justifica-
tion. That justification can sound in traditional districting
criteria, or else can sound in politics and partisanship. As
to the latter, the State need do nothing more than announce
a partisan gerrymander. Assuming the State has left be-
hind no smoking-gun evidence of a race-based motive (an
almost fanciful prospect), Section 2 will play no role.
"Whatever" -- whatever -- results from the State's asserted
justification is all its minority citizens are entitled to. Ante,
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 47

KAGAN, J., dissenting

at 22. Even if the State has deprived those citizens (but not
their majority neighbors) of all opportunity to "elect repre-
sentatives of their choice," the law will not protect them.. It is Bolden redux, despite Congress's repudia-
tion of that decision (and this Court's precedents honoring
that rejection). The majority has made its own assessment
of current needs, see ante, at 26 -- 28, and concluded that pre-
venting racial vote dilution does not count among them. So
once again, "in the absence of proof of intentional discrimi-
nation," the right to vote gives minority citizens "nothing
more than the right to cast meaningless ballots." Bolden,
446 U. S., at 104 (Marshall, J., dissenting).
The consequences are likely to be far-reaching and grave.
Today's decision renders Section 2 all but a dead letter. In
the States where that law continues to matter -- the States
still marked by residential segregation and racially polar-
ized voting -- minority voters can now be cracked out of the
electoral process. The decision here is about Louisiana's
District 6. But so too it is about Louisiana's District 2. See
supra, at 33 -- 34. And so too it is about the many other dis-
tricts, particularly in the South, that in the last half-cen-
tury have given minority citizens, and particularly African
Americans, a meaningful political voice. After today, those
districts exist only on sufferance, and probably not for long.
If other States follow Louisiana's lead, the minority citizens
residing there will no longer have an equal opportunity to
elect candidates of their choice. And minority representa-
tion in government institutions will sharply decline. At the
first stage of this judicial project to destroy the Voting
Rights Act, the Court maintained that Section 5 was no
longer needed because in recent decades "African-Ameri-
cans attained political office in record numbers." Shelby
County, 570 U. S., at 553; see id., at 549. At this last stage,
the Court's gutting of Section 2 puts that achievement in
peril. I dissent because Congress elected otherwise. I dis-
sent because the Court betrays its duty to faithfully
48 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

implement the great statute Congress wrote. I dissent be-
cause the Court's decision will set back the foundational
right Congress granted of racial equality in electoral oppor-
tunity. I dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE ALITO delivered the opinion of the Court.
Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, 52 U. S. C.
et seq., was designed to enforce the Constitution -- 
not collide with it. Unfortunately, lower courts have some-
times applied this Court's precedents in a way that forces
States to engage in the very race-based discrimination that
the Constitution forbids.
This tension between and the Constitution came to a
head when Louisiana redrew its congressional districts af-
ter the 2020 census. In 2022, a federal judge in the Middle
District of Louisiana held that the map adopted by the state
legislature likely violated because it did not include an
additional majority-black district. But when the State drew
a new map that contained such a district, its new map was
challenged as a racial gerrymander. A three-judge court in
the Western District of Louisiana held that the new map
2 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

violated the Equal Protection Clause, and the State ap-
pealed to this Court.
The parties originally briefed and argued this suit last
Term, and their arguments at that time highlighted prob-
lems in the existing body of case law. One problem re-
sulted from the rule that in racial gerrymandering cases,
unlike other cases involving claims of racial discrimination,
see, e.g., Arlington Heights v. Metropolitan Housing Devel-
opment Corp., -- 266 (1977), strict scrutiny
is triggered only if race "predominated" in the State's deci-
sionmaking process. In this suit, Louisiana adopted the
challenged map and created the second majority-black dis-
trict because it quite reasonably anticipated that, if it did
not do so, the Middle District of Louisiana would order the
use of a map with a differently configured second majority-
black district that would effectively oust an incumbent
whom the legislature sought to protect. Under our existing
case law, that situation posed the question whether race or
politics was the State's "predominant" motivation.
Another problem stemmed from the long-unresolved
question whether compliance with the Voting Rights Act
provides a compelling reason that may justify the inten-
tional use of race in drawing legislative districts. For over
30 years, we have assumed for the sake of argument that
the answer is yes. See infra, at 9 -- 11. And we have gone
further and assumed that it is enough if a State " 'ha[s] a
strong basis in evidence' " for thinking that the Voting
Rights Act requires race-based conduct. Cooper v. Harris,
-- 293 (2017). But allowing race to play
any part in government decisionmaking represents a depar-
ture from the constitutional rule that applies in almost
every other context.
These and other problems convinced us that the time had
come to resolve whether compliance with the Voting Rights
Act can indeed provide a compelling reason for race-based
districting. We now answer that question: Compliance with
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court, as properly construed, can provide such a reason. Cor-
rectly understood, does not impose liability at odds with
the Constitution, and it should not have imposed liability
on Louisiana for its 2022 map. Compliance with thus
could not justify the State's use of race-based redistricting
here. The State's attempt to satisfy the Middle District's
ruling, although understandable, was an unconstitutional
racial gerrymander, and we therefore affirm the decision
below.
I
A
Ratified in 1870, the Fifteenth Amendment provides that
the "right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not
be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State
on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude."
For many years afterward, however, States "heavily sup-
pressed" the right of black citizens to vote. Brnovich v.
Democratic National Committee, (2021).
"States employed a variety of notorious methods, including
poll taxes, literacy tests, property qualifications, white pri-
maries, and grandfather clauses," in a "blatant" effort to
suppress black voting. Id., at 655 -- 656, and ; S. Rep.
No. 162, 89th Cong., 1st Sess., pt. 3, pp. 4 -- 5 (1965); brack-
ets and internal quotation marks omitted). Even "as late
as the mid-1960s, black registration and voting rates in
some States were appallingly low." Brnovich, 594 U. S., at
656; see South Carolina v. Katzenbach, -- 
315 (1966). In addition, States employed legislative dis-
tricting schemes to prevent the election of black candidates
and candidates that black voters preferred. See Alexander
v. South Carolina State Conference of the NAACP, (2024); Gomillion v. Lightfoot, 
(1960).
4 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

Section 2 of the Fifteenth Amendment authorizes Con-
gress to enact "appropriate legislation" to enforce the
Amendment's protections, and in 1965 Congress invoked
that power to enact the Voting Rights Act. Brnovich, 594
U. S., at 656. "The Act and its amendments in the 1970s
specifically forbade some of the practices that had been
used to suppress black voting," including literacy tests and
poll taxes. Ibid.; see 52 U. S. C. ;, (c), 79 Stat.
438 -- 439;, 84 Stat. 315;, 89 Stat. 400, as amended,
52 U. S. C., (c), 10501 (prohibiting the denial of
the right to vote in any election for failure to pass a test
demonstrating literacy, educational achievement or
knowledge of any particular subject, or good moral charac-
ter); see also, 79 Stat. 442, as amended, 52 U. S. C.
(declaring poll taxes unlawful);, 79 Stat. 443, as
amended, 52 U. S. C. (prohibiting intimidation and
the refusal to allow or count votes). We upheld many of
these provisions in Katzenbach, 383 U. S., at 316, 327 -- 337.
Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act in its original form
"closely tracked the language of the Amendment it was
adopted to enforce." Brnovich, 594 U. S., at 656. At that
time, stated simply that "[n]o voting qualification or pre-
requisite to voting, or standard, practice, or procedure shall
be imposed or applied by any State or political subdivision
to deny or abridge the right of any citizen of the United
States to vote on account of race or color." 79 Stat. 437.
In Mobile v. Bolden, (1980), the Court inter-
preted this language, and four Justices concluded in a plu-
rality opinion that "facially neutral voting practices violate
only if motivated by a discriminatory purpose." Brno-
vich, 594 U. S., at 658. Justice Stevens, who concurred in
the judgment, proposed a different but similarly demanding
standard. See Bolden, 446 U. S., at 90 -- 94. Indeed, in his
view, a districting practice, even if motivated in part by
race, would not violate so long as it was "supported by
valid and articulable justifications." Id., at 91 -- 92.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

Bolden roused " 'an avalanche of criticism, both in the me-
dia and within the civil rights community.' " Allen v. Milli-
gan, (2023) ).
Critics argued that a focus on discriminatory intent, rather
than discriminatory effects, would defeat worthy claims be-
cause of the difficulty of proving intentional discrimination.
See 599 U. S., at 11.
Members of Congress evidently shared these concerns.
In 1982, shortly after Bolden, Congress sought to abrogate
that decision by amending. A House bill was "originally
passed... under a loose understanding that would pro-
hibit all discriminatory 'effects' of voting practices, and that
intent would be 'irrelevant,' " but "[t]his version met stiff re-
sistance in the Senate." Mississippi Republican Executive
Comm. v. Brooks, (1984) (Rehnquist,
J., dissenting) ).
Critics worried that an effects test would lead to "man-
dat[ory] racial proportionality in elections," a scenario "re-
garded by many as intolerable." Allen, 599 U. S., at 12. The
House and Senate eventually compromised, and the final
product included both an effects test in and a "robust
disclaimer against proportionality" in. Id., at 13.
This latter provision also specifies what a plaintiff must
establish to prove a violation. The provision requires
consideration of the "totality of circumstances" in each case
and demands proof that the "political processes leading to
nomination or election in the State or political subdivision
are not equally open to participation" by members of a pro-
tected class "in that its members have less opportunity than
other members of the electorate to participate in the politi-
cal process and to elect representatives of their choice." 52
U. S. C.. Congress took this
language almost verbatim from Justice White's opinion for
the Court in White v. Regester, (1973), which
6 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

involved a "vote dilution" claim, i.e., a claim that a district-
ing scheme impermissibly lessens the weight of the votes of
minority voters.
In White, the Court affirmed a judgment that Texas had
used two multimember electoral districts "invidiously to
cancel out or minimize the voting strength of racial groups."
Id., at 765. According to White, a vote-dilution plaintiff had
to show that "the political processes leading to nomination
and election were not equally open to participation by the
group in question -- that its members had less opportunity
than did other residents in the district to participate in the
political processes and to elect legislators of their choice."
Id., at 766.
The decision in White did not say anything one way or
another about proof of discriminatory purpose or intent, but
the Court's rationale rested on evidence that gave rise to an
obvious inference that the State had set out to prevent the
election of candidates preferred by minority voters. The
Texas districting scheme generally used single-member dis-
tricts but employed multimember districts in two parts of
the State where single-member districts might have re-
sulted in the election of minority candidates. The Court ob-
served that the use of multimember districts is not "neces-
sarily" or "per se" unconstitutional, but it recognized that
such districts can be employed to achieve discriminatory
ends. Id., at 765; see also Perkins v. Matthews, (1971) (observing that a switch to at-large elec-
tions could be a "metho[d] to maintain white control of the
political process"); Allen v. State Bd. of Elections, (1969) (explaining that a change to at-large voting
could nullify the ability of minority voters to elect their can-
didate of choice). The Court also cited strong evidence that
the legislature had done so in the case at hand. Writing at
a time when the Democratic Party was dominant in much
of Texas, the Court noted that a "white-dominated organi-
zation," which had "effective control" over candidate slating
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

within that party, had engaged in " 'racial campaign tactics
in white precincts to defeat candidates who had the over-
whelming support of the black community,' " thereby " 'ef-
fectively exclud[ing]' " the black community " 'from partici-
pation in the Democratic primary selection process.' "
White, 412 U. S., at 766 -- 767. The Court likewise cited
evidence that the legislature had "invidiously excluded
Mexican-Americans from effective participation in political
life, specifically in the election of representatives to the
Texas House of Representatives." Id., at 769. Thus, White
presented a situation in which circumstantial evidence sug-
gested very strongly that the State had created multimem-
ber districts for the purpose of diluting minority votes.
A few years later, when Congress looked for language
that would abrogate Mobile v. Bolden's interpretation of,
it selected terms that were nearly identical to language
used in White. The accompanying Report of the Senate Ju-
diciary Committee explained that the amendment's pur-
pose was to repudiate Bolden and establish a new vote-
dilution test based on White. See S. Rep. No. 97 -- 417, pp. 2,
15 -- 16, 27 (1982).
B
This Court first construed the amended version of in
Thornburg v. Gingles, (1986). Gingles con-
cerned a challenge to North Carolina's multimember dis-
tricting scheme on the ground that it diluted the vote of
black citizens. Id., at 34 -- 36. Gingles was decided at a time
when this Court often paid insufficient attention to the lan-
guage of statutory provisions, and Justice Brennan's opin-
ion for the Court followed this pattern. Instead of analyzing
what the statute said, the opinion simply "quoted the text
of amended and then jumped right to the Senate Judici-
ary Committee Report." Brnovich, 594 U. S., at 667; see
Gingles, 478 U. S., at 42 -- 46. Relying heavily on that Re-
port, the opinion set out three threshold requirements for
8 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

proving a vote-dilution claim, plus a nonexhaustive list
of factors to be considered in making a final decision as to
whether the State had violated. See id., at 44 -- 45, 48 -- 
51, 80.
To succeed in proving a violation, Gingles taught, a
plaintiff must make four showings. First, the plaintiff must
show that the minority group in question is "sufficiently
large and [geographically] compact to constitute a majority
in a reasonably configured district." Wisconsin Legislature
v. Wisconsin Elections Comm'n, (2022)
(per curiam). A district
is reasonably configured, we later explained, "if it comports
with traditional districting criteria, such as being contigu-
ous and reasonably compact." Allen, 599 U. S., at 18. "Sec-
ond, the minority group must be able to show that it is po-
litically cohesive." Gingles, 478 U. S., at 51. Third, "the
minority must be able to demonstrate that the white major-
ity votes sufficiently as a bloc to enable it... to defeat the
minority's preferred candidate." Ibid. "Finally, a plaintiff
who demonstrates the three preconditions must also show,
based on the 'totality of circumstances,' that the political
process is not 'equally open' to minority voters." Allen, 599
U. S., at 18.
C
In later cases, redistricting plans that States created to
comply with the Voting Rights Act were themselves chal-
lenged as racial gerrymanders. This Court approached
such cases by building on the framework from other racial-
discrimination cases under the Equal Protection Clause. In
those cases, if race played a role in a decision made by a
government actor, strict scrutiny applied. See Arlington
Heights, 429 U. S., at 265 -- 266. Under this standard, the
government needed to assert a compelling interest that jus-
tified its use of race; and if the analysis progressed beyond
this point, the government had to show that its use of race
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

was narrowly tailored to vindicate that interest. See, e.g.,
Students for Fair Admissions, Inc. v. President and Fellows
of Harvard College, (2023) (SFFA).
The Court modified this framework for racial gerryman-
dering cases. Although any use of race in government deci-
sionmaking generally triggers strict scrutiny, in gerryman-
dering cases a challenger must show that race was the
government's predominant consideration. See Bush v.
Vera, (1996) (plurality opinion). And in
cases where race predominated, States would sometimes
assert that compliance with the Voting Rights Act provided
a compelling interest justifying the use of race. Yet we
never decided whether compliance with the Act could con-
stitute a compelling interest. Instead, we repeatedly as-
sumed without deciding that the Voting Rights Act could
constitute a compelling interest because in all those cases,
the Act actually did not demand the State's race-predomi-
nant districting. Thus, the States in those cases could not
satisfy strict scrutiny regardless of whether compliance
with the Voting Rights Act could provide a compelling in-
terest.
The first case in which the Court explicitly made this as-
sumption was Miller v. Johnson, -- 920
(1995),1 which concerned a majority-black district that was
designed to satisfy the Justice Department's preclearance
demands under of the Voting Rights Act. The Miller
Court first found that the legislature had "subordinated
traditional race-neutral districting principles, including but
not limited to compactness, contiguity, and respect for po-
litical subdivisions or communities defined by actual shared
interests, to racial considerations." Id., at 916. For this
reason, the Court held, race had predominated in the crea-
tion of the new district, and the State had to "demonstrate
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Such an assumption may have been implicit in Shaw v. Reno, -- 656 (1993) (Shaw I ).
10 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

that its districting legislation [wa]s narrowly tailored to
achieve a compelling interest." Id., at 920. The Court de-
clined to address "[w]hether or not in some cases compli-
ance with the [Voting Rights Act], standing alone, c[ould]
provide a compelling interest independent of any interest
in remedying past discrimination." Id., at 921. Instead, the
Court explained that the "challenged district was not rea-
sonably necessary under a constitutional reading and ap-
plication" of the Voting Rights Act, so the State's goal of
complying with the Act could not supply a compelling inter-
est. Ibid.
We repeated much the same analysis in Shaw v. Hunt,
(1996) (Shaw II ), applying strict scrutiny
to a redistricting plan that a State crafted to comply with
both and of the Voting Rights Act. "[O]nce again," we
did not reach the question "expressly left open" in Miller:
whether the Voting Rights Act could itself provide a com-
pelling interest to justify race-predominant districting. 517
U. S., at 911. After "assum[ing], arguendo, for the purpose
of resolving this suit, that compliance with could be a
compelling interest," we held that the plan failed strict
scrutiny because it was not reasonably required under a
constitutional reading and application of the Voting Rights
Act. Id., at 915.
Likewise, in Alabama Legislative Black Caucus v. Ala-
bama, (2015), we applied strict scrutiny
to a race-predominant districting plan that the State had
created for two purposes: first, to "come close to a one-per-
son, one-vote ideal," and second, to "ensure compliance"
with of the Voting Rights Act. We held that, even if the
Voting Rights Act could provide a compelling interest, the
map did not satisfy strict scrutiny because it was not re-
quired by the Act. Id., at 277. Once again, we left open
whether compliance with the Act "remain[ed] a compelling
interest." Id., at 279.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

In Cooper, 581 U. S., at 301, we continued our "long"-
standing assumption that "complying with the VRA is a
compelling interest." Again, we did not need to resolve this
question because a constitutional reading and application
of the Act did not require the district at issue. Id., at 306.
And again, in Wisconsin Legislature, we once more "as-
sumed that complying with the [Voting Rights Act] is a com-
pelling interest." 595 U. S., at 401. But because the Wis-
consin Supreme Court had not properly analyzed whether
the Act required the map at issue, we remanded for the
court to "undertake a full strict-scrutiny analysis." Id., at
406. This was the legal framework in place when the law-
suits involving Louisiana's congressional districts were
filed and litigated in the lower courts.
II
As noted earlier, the underlying litigation in this suit re-
sulted from Louisiana's response to the population changes
disclosed by the 2020 census. The subsequent reapportion-
ment of House seats among the States left Louisiana with
the same number of seats -- six -- that it had previously been
allocated, but due to shifts in population, the State needed
to recalibrate its districts.

Figure 1. Louisiana's map from 2013 -- 2022
12 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

In 2022, Louisiana enacted a new map, "HB1," that
closely resembled its immediate predecessor:

Figure 2. HB1, enacted in 2022

HB1, like its predecessor, included only one district in
which black voters were a majority of the voting-age popu-
lation. (In the above maps, it is the bat-shaped District 2
that includes much of New Orleans, blue in Figure 1 and
yellow in Figure 2.) As soon as HB1 was enacted, lawsuits
were filed in the Middle District of Louisiana asserting that
the map violated the Voting Rights Act by " 'packing' large
numbers of Black voters into a single majority-Black con-
gressional district... and 'cracking' the remaining Black
voters among the other five districts." Robinson v. Ardoin,
605 F. Supp. 3d 759, 768 (2022). After the suit was filed,
the Robinson court issued a lengthy opinion concluding that
HB1 likely violated the Voting Rights Act by failing to in-
clude a second majority-black district. The court thus en-
tered a preliminary injunction requiring Louisiana to
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

implement a new map before the 2022 election, which was
less than six months away. Id., at 856.
Louisiana objected to the decision and promptly ap-
pealed. But because of circumstances outside the State's
control, its appeal ended up in limbo. This Court granted
certiorari before judgment and held the case pending a de-
cision in Allen. Nearly a year later, after deciding Allen,
the Court dismissed the petition as improvidently granted
and remanded the case to the Fifth Circuit to consider Lou-
isiana's appeal in the ordinary course. By that time, the
2022 election had passed, and the urgency that had justi-
fied the preliminary injunction was no longer present. In a
tentatively worded opinion, the Fifth Circuit held that the
Robinson District Court's decision "was valid when it was
issued" but that the preliminary injunction was no longer
needed. Robinson v. Ardoin, 86 F. 4th 574, 599 -- 600 (2023).
In the absence of urgency, the Fifth Circuit remanded the
case to the District Court with instructions to give Louisi-
ana time to draw a new map. If Louisiana failed to do so,
the Fifth Circuit suggested, the District Court could pro-
ceed with a trial on the merits and, if needed, remedial pro-
ceedings. Id., at 601 -- 602.
After the Fifth Circuit's remand, Louisiana did not have
many options. In the Robinson decision, the District Court
held that the plaintiffs were "likely to prevail" on their
claim that the Voting Rights Act demanded the creation of
a second majority-black district. 605 F. Supp. 3d, at 851.
So if Louisiana refused to adopt such a map, the District
Court would likely draw one and mandate its use. Wishing
to avoid that outcome, Louisiana decided to draw its own
map. After a deliberative process, Louisiana enacted the
map at issue in this suit: SB8.
14 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

Figure 3. SB8
SB8 retains the original majority-minority district from
HB1 (above in yellow). It then adds an additional majority-
minority district, District 6 (above in green). To attain a
majority-black voting-age population, District 6 connects
black populations from Baton Rouge and Lafayette (in the
southcentral region of the State) with the black population
in Shreveport (in the far northwest of the State). SB8 dif-
fered from the illustrative maps -- shown below -- on which
the District Court relied in Robinson:
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

Figure 4. Robinson Court's Illustrative Maps

These illustrative maps also include a second majority-
minority district, but one with very different boundaries
(shown in blue in the top four maps and in green in the
16 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

bottom two maps). This district connects largely urban
black communities in Baton Rouge and Lafayette with more
rural black communities in the northeast corner of the
State. By contrast, SB8's District 6 connects the Baton
Rouge and Lafayette black populations with the distant
black population in Shreveport, in the northwest. Louisi-
ana adopted this scheme, rather than the one used in the
Robinson illustrative maps, because it protects the Repub-
lican incumbents the State considered most important:
Speaker of the House Mike Johnson, House Majority
Leader Steve Scalise, and Appropriations Committee mem-
ber Julia Letlow. See Brief for Appellant in No. 24 -- 109, pp.
13 -- 14, 17.
Not long after SB8 was enacted, another lawsuit was
filed, this time in the Western District of Louisiana. A
group of plaintiffs (the Callais plaintiffs) asserted that SB8,
and specifically District 6, was a racial gerrymander that
violated the Equal Protection Clause. The plaintiffs from
Robinson intervened in the litigation, seeking to defend
Louisiana's decision to draw a second majority-minority
district. Because the Callais plaintiffs challenged "the con-
stitutionality of the apportionment of congressional dis-
tricts," a District Court of three judges was convened to
hear the suit. 28 U. S. C.. The court held a 3-day
preliminary injunction hearing, which was consolidated
with a trial on the merits.
Observing that SB8's "second majority-minority district... stretches some 250 miles from Shreveport in the north-
west corner of the state to Baton Rouge in southeast Loui-
siana, slicing through metropolitan areas to scoop up pock-
ets of predominantly Black populations from Shreveport,
Alexandria, Lafayette, and Baton Rouge," the court con-
cluded that the map effected a racial gerrymander that "vi-
olates the Equal Protection Clause." Callais v. Landry, 732
F. Supp. 3d 574, 582, 588 (WD La. 2024). Judge Stewart of
the Fifth Circuit dissented. See id., at 614. The State of
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

Louisiana and the Robinson intervenors appealed the deci-
sion directly to this Court, and the Court noted probable ju-
risdiction. (2024). See 28 U. S. C..
After an initial round of briefing and argument last Term,
the Court restored these cases to the calendar for reargu-
ment this Term. See (2025). We ordered sup-
plemental briefing on the following question: "Whether the
State's intentional creation of a second majority-minority
congressional district violates the Fourteenth or Fifteenth
Amendments to the U. S. Constitution." 
(2025). And because the State's intentional creation of a
second majority-minority district had been prompted by an
order suggesting that such a district is required by the Vot-
ing Rights Act, our question necessarily implicated the cor-
rectness of our longstanding assumption that compliance
with the Voting Rights Act may justify what the Constitu-
tion generally condemns: the use of race as a basis for gov-
ernment action. This question was pending in several
lower-court cases, but in light of the potential impact of
those cases on upcoming elections, we concluded that reso-
lution of the question in this suit was appropriate.
III
A
In considering whether the Constitution permits the in-
tentional use of race to comply with the Voting Rights Act,
we start with the general rule that the Constitution almost
never permits the Federal Government or a State to dis-
criminate on the basis of race. Such discrimination triggers
strict scrutiny, and our precedents have identified "only two
compelling interests" that can satisfy that standard. SFFA,
600 U. S., at 207. One compelling interest, not relevant
here, is "avoiding imminent and serious risks to human
safety in prisons, such as a race riot." Ibid.; see Johnson v.
California, -- 513 (2005). The only other
compelling interest we have found is "remediating specific,
18 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

identified instances of past discrimination that violated the
Constitution or a statute." SFFA, 600 U. S., at 207.
To "rise to the level of a compelling state interest," an ef-
fort to remediate past discrimination "must satisfy two con-
ditions." Shaw II, 517 U. S., at 909. "First, the discrimina-
tion must be 'identified discrimination.' " Ibid. ). In other words, the State or Federal Gov-
ernment must identify the specific instances of past dis-
crimination that it aims to remediate and, in light of that
specification, must " 'determine the precise scope of the in-
jury it seeks to remedy.' " 517 U. S., at 909 ). The States and
Federal Government have no compelling interest in gener-
ally remediating "past discrimination in a particular indus-
try or region" or "the effects of societal discrimination." 517
U. S., at 909 -- 910. Second, after identifying the specific in-
stance of discrimination, "the institution that makes the ra-
cial distinction must have... a 'strong basis in evidence' to
conclude that [its] remedial action [is] necessary." Id., at
910 ).
"Our acceptance of race-based state action has been rare
for a reason." SFFA, 600 U. S., at 208. " 'Distinctions be-
tween citizens solely because of their ancestry are by their
very nature odious to a free people whose institutions are
founded upon the doctrine of equality.' " Ibid. ). And in redistrict-
ing, "where the State assumes from a group of voters' race
that they 'think alike, share the same political interests,
and will prefer the same candidates at the polls,' it engages
in racial stereotyping at odds with equal protection man-
dates." Miller, 515 U. S., at 920 ).
The question before us now is whether compliance with
the Voting Rights Act should be added to our very short list
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

Opinion of the Court

of compelling interests that can justify racial discrimina-
tion. To answer that question, we must understand exactly
what of the Voting Rights Act demands with respect to
the drawing of legislative districts. We therefore turn to
the text of that provision.
B
1
As amended in 1982, states:
"(a) No voting qualification or prerequisite to voting
or standard, practice, or procedure shall be imposed or
applied by any State or political subdivision in a man-
ner which results in a denial or abridgement of the
right of any citizen of the United States to vote on ac-
count of race or color... as provided in subsection (b).
"(b) A violation of subsection (a) is established if,
based on the totality of circumstances, it is shown that
the political processes leading to nomination or election
in the State or political subdivision are not equally
open to participation by members of a class of citizens
protected by subsection (a) in that its members have
less opportunity than other members of the electorate
to participate in the political process and to elect rep-
resentatives of their choice. The extent to which mem-
bers of a protected class have been elected to office in
the State or political subdivision is one circumstance
which may be considered: Provided, That nothing in
this section establishes a right to have members of a
protected class elected in numbers equal to their pro-
portion in the population." 52 U. S. C..
This is not the easiest language to parse, and we will
therefore break it down in steps. Beginning with subsection
(a), we take as given that a legislative districting map may
constitute a "standard, practice, or procedure." If that were
not so, there would have been no statutory basis for any of
20 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

our vote-dilution cases. See Holder v. Hall, -- 896 (1994) (THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment).
Therefore, subsection (a) means that a districting map may
run afoul of if it "results in a denial or abridgement" of
the right to vote "on account of race or color."
With that established, subsection (b) explains when such
a denial or abridgment occurs: when "the political processes
leading to nomination or election" are "not equally open to
participation by" members of a racial group of voters "in
that [they] have less opportunity than other members of the
electorate to... elect representatives of their choice.".
In this complicated verbal formulation, the key concept
for present purposes is "less opportunity than other mem-
bers of the electorate to... elect representatives of their
choice." Ibid. This language sets a baseline against which
to assess the opportunity of minority voters: the "oppor-
tunity" that "other members of the electorate" have "to
elect" their preferred candidates. To understand this base-
line, we must nail down the meaning of three terms: "less
opportunity," "other members of the electorate," and "elect."
In isolation, "opportunity" could refer to either a desired
outcome or a chance to achieve that outcome. As used in, however, "opportunity" must mean a chance to
achieve a desired result, because the Voting Rights Act does
not guarantee equal outcomes. See White, 412 U. S., at
765 -- 766. Accordingly, "less opportunity" must mean a
lesser chance. In ordinary usage, "less opportunity" often
takes on such meaning. One might say, for example, that
men under 6 feet tall have less opportunity to play in the
NBA than those who stand at least 6 feet 7 inches (the cur-
rent median).
The next term -- "other members of the electorate" -- spec-
ifies the comparator to be used in determining whether the
group protected by subsection (a) has suffered or is threat-
ened with suffering "less opportunity... to elect represent-
atives of their choice." In conceptualizing the members of
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

Opinion of the Court

this comparator group, we may think of a randomly selected
member of the electorate who has particular voting prefer-
ences, or we may think of a randomly selected group of vot-
ers who share certain voting preferences. These voting
preferences may be based on a candidate's party affiliation,
ideology, stance on a particular policy issue, personal cha-
risma, or some other characteristic or set of characteristics.
But whatever they are, the situation of these randomly se-
lected voters must be compared with that of minority voters
alleged to have suffered vote dilution.
This brings us to the final term: "to elect." As used in, this term must refer to the achievement of electoral
victory by casting a ballot.
Putting all these terms together, the baseline is the
chance enjoyed by nonminority voters to secure the election
of their preferred candidates. What, then, is the chance
that any given nonminority voter or group of nonminority
voters has to secure the election of a preferred candidate?
The answer to this question depends on the voting prefer-
ences of other voters in the district. For example, in a dis-
trict where most voters prefer Democratic candidates, a Re-
publican voter in that district will have a low chance of
securing the election of his or her preferred candidate. But
that chance would be substantially higher if the district
were instead filled with voters who prefer Republican can-
didates. The roster of voters who end up in a given district
depends, in turn, on the districting criteria used by the
State in drawing a legislative map.
If a districting map is produced by computer, as is gener-
ally the case today, we may think of all the parameters in
the algorithm that the mapmaker uses. One necessary pa-
rameter would be the number of districts required by law,
and another would have to be a range of inter-district pop-
ulation variations that is small enough to comply with the
one-person, one-vote requirement. The algorithm might
then go on to lay out and assign priorities to whatever
22 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

additional permissible criteria the legislature chooses to
use. For example, the legislature might want to minimize
changes in the prior map, avoid districts with discontiguous
territory, and avoid splitting counties or municipalities. It
might impose a certain standard of compactness, aim to
protect some or all incumbents, or promote the prospects of
a particular political party. When this algorithm is used,
the map it produces may place a particular voter or group
of voters in a district in which a majority generally agrees,
generally disagrees, or only sometimes agrees with their
voting preferences. But in any event, the "opportunity" of
these "members of the electorate" to contribute their votes
to a winning cause is whatever opportunity results from the
application of the State's combination of permissible crite-
ria.
That is what our randomly selected individual voter and
group of voters can expect regarding their opportunity to
elect a preferred candidate. And under, a minority voter
is entitled to nothing less and nothing more.
2
Not only is this the best reading of the statutory text, but
it also ensures that of the Voting Rights Act does not ex-
ceed Congress's authority under of the Fifteenth Amend-
ment. That provision confers the "power to enforce [the
Amendment] by appropriate legislation." Thus, to lie
within Congress's authority, of the Voting Rights Act
must "effectuate by 'appropriate' measures the constitu-
tional prohibition" in of the Fifteenth Amendment. Kat-
zenbach, 383 U. S., at 308.
Our Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendment jurisprudence
delineates what constitutes "appropriate" legislation in the
sense relevant here. See City of Boerne v. Flores, (1997) (stating that Congress has "parallel power
to enforce the provisions" of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth
Amendments). In legislation enforcing these Amendments,
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

Opinion of the Court

"[t]here must be a congruence and proportionality between
the injury to be prevented or remedied and the means
adopted to that end." Id., at 520.
As the Court has long held, the Fifteenth Amendment
bars only state action " 'motivated by a discriminatory pur-
pose.' " Reno v. Bossier Parish School Bd., (1997). So a law that
seeks to enforce the Fifteenth Amendment by prohibiting
mere disparate impact would fail to enforce a right that the
Amendment secures. That is never "appropriate," Katzen-
bach, 383 U. S., at 308, because Congress cannot "enforce a
constitutional right by changing what the right is," City of
Boerne, 521 U. S., at 519.
For this reason, the focus of must be enforcement of
the Fifteenth Amendment's prohibition on intentional ra-
cial discrimination. When is properly interpreted in the
way we have outlined, it is sufficiently congruent with and
proportional to the Amendment's prohibition. While that
interpretation does not demand a finding of intentional dis-
crimination, it imposes liability only when the circum-
stances give rise to a strong inference that intentional dis-
crimination occurred. Suppose, for example, that the
application of a State's districting algorithm yields numer-
ous maps with districts in which the members of a minority
group constitute a majority, and suppose that the State can-
not provide a legitimate reason for rejecting all those maps
and eliminating all majority-minority districts. In such a
situation, the inference of racial motivation is strong, and
of the Fifteenth Amendment permits the imposition of
liability without demanding that the courts engage in the
fraught enterprise of attempting to determine whether the
state legislature as an institution, as opposed to certain in-
dividual members or the State's hired mapmaker, was mo-
tivated by race.
Only when understood this way does of the Voting
Rights Act properly fit within Congress's Fifteenth
24 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

Amendment enforcement power. See, e.g., I. N. S. v. St.
Cyr, -- 300 (2001) ("[I]f an otherwise ac-
ceptable construction of a statute would raise serious con-
stitutional problems, and where an alternative interpreta-
tion of the statute is 'fairly possible,' we are obligated to
construe the statute to avoid such problems" (citation omit-
ted)). By contrast, interpreting of the Voting Rights Act
to outlaw a map solely because it fails to provide a sufficient
number of majority-minority districts would create a right
that the Amendment does not protect. And such an inter-
pretation would run headlong into the Act's express dis-
claimer against racial proportionality.
Properly understood, thus does not intrude on States'
prerogative to draw districts based on nonracial factors.
"Redistricting constitutes a traditional domain of state leg-
islative authority." Alexander, 602 U. S., at 7. The Consti-
tution imposes some important restrictions on the States'
exercise of this power, but they are otherwise free to draw
districts as they please. We have held that they may use
traditional districting factors such as "compactness, conti-
guity," "maintaining the integrity of political subdivisions,
preserving the core of existing districts," and protecting in-
cumbents. Bush, 517 U. S., at 964; Miller, 515 U. S., at 906,
916. Nothing in the Constitution requires States to heed
these criteria, of course, and the desirability of some of
these criteria might be disputed. But because they are not
forbidden by the Constitution, it is up to each State to de-
cide what weight, if any, they warrant.
The same is true with respect to the drawing of districts
to achieve partisan advantage. Disapproval of partisan ger-
rymandering dates back to the founding. See Rucho v.
Common Cause, -- 697 (2019). But parti-
san gerrymandering claims are not justiciable in federal
court. Id., at 718. "Federal judges have no license to real-
locate political power between the two major political par-
ties, with no plausible grant of authority in the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 25

Opinion of the Court

Constitution, and no legal standards to limit and direct
their decisions." Ibid. Thus, in considering the constitu-
tionality of a districting scheme, courts must treat partisan
advantage like any other race-neutral aim: a constitution-
ally permissible criterion that States may rely on as de-
sired.
For this reason, as we have repeatedly made clear, when
a State defends a districting scheme on the ground that it
was drawn for partisan purposes, plaintiffs have a " 'spe-
cial' " burden to overcome. Alexander, 602 U. S., at 9 (quot-
ing Cooper, 581 U. S., at 308). "To prevail," the plaintiff
"must 'disentangle race from politics' by proving 'that the
former drove a district's lines.' " 602 U. S., at 9. "That means, among other
things, ruling out the competing explanation that political
considerations dominated the legislature's redistricting ef-
forts. If either politics or race could explain a district's con-
tours, the plaintiff has not cleared its bar." 602 U. S., at 9 -- 
10; see Easley v. Cromartie, (2001)
(Cromartie II ) (rejecting a racial gerrymandering claim
when the plaintiffs failed to show "that the legislature could
have achieved its legitimate political objectives in alterna-
tive ways that are comparably consistent with traditional
districting principles").
A plaintiff may carry its disentanglement burden by of-
fering an alternative map that achieves all the State's ob-
jectives -- including partisan advantage and any of the
State's other political goals -- at least as well as the State's
map. See Alexander, 602 U. S., at 10; Cromartie II, 532
U. S., at 258. Today, litigants almost always have the
wherewithal to proffer such a map if there is one to be
found. See Abbott v. League of United Latin American Cit-
izens, 607 U. S. ___ (2025) (holding that the lack of an alter-
native map merits a "dispositive or near-dispositive adverse
inference" against a racial-gerrymandering plaintiff ); Alex-
ander, 602 U. S., at 10 ("[A]ny plaintiff with a strong case
26 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

has had every incentive to produce such an alternative
map"); see also Allen, 599 U. S., at 23 (observing that "mod-
ern computer technology" allows challengers to "generate
millions of possible districting maps for a given State"). But
if a plaintiff cannot disentangle race from the State's
race-neutral considerations, including politics, then can-
not impose liability.
In short, imposes liability only when the evidence sup-
ports a strong inference that the State intentionally drew
its districts to afford minority voters less opportunity be-
cause of their race. Not only does this interpretation follow
from the plain text of, but it is consistent with the limited
authority that the Fifteenth Amendment confers.
C
This interpretation of does not require abandonment
of the Gingles framework. We need only update the frame-
work so it aligns with the statutory text and reflects im-
portant developments since we decided Gingles 40 years
ago. Four historical developments are of particular note.
First, vast social change has occurred throughout the
country and particularly in the South, where many suits
arise. As this Court has recognized, "things have changed
dramatically" in the decades since the passage of the Voting
Rights Act. Shelby County v. Holder, 
(2013). At the time of the Act's passage, the Nation had
faced nearly a century of "entrenched racial discrimination
in voting, 'an insidious and pervasive evil which had been
perpetuated in certain parts of our country through unre-
mitting and ingenious defiance of the Constitution.' " Id., at
535. But the Voting
Rights Act led to "great strides" in the ensuing decades:
"voting tests were abolished, disparities in voter registra-
tion and turnout due to race were erased, and African-
Americans attained political office in record numbers." 570
U. S., at 549, 553. By 2004, the racial gap in voter
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 27

Opinion of the Court

registration and turnout had largely disappeared, with mi-
norities registering and voting at levels that sometimes sur-
passed the majority. Id., at 547 -- 548. Black voters now par-
ticipate in elections at similar rates as the rest of the
electorate, even turning out at higher rates than white vot-
ers in two of the five most recent Presidential elections na-
tionwide and in Louisiana. See Supp. Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 13 (Apr. 2025)).
Second, a full-blown two-party system has emerged in the
States where suits are most common. Gingles arose in
the context of a one-party system in which black and white
voters had starkly different voting patterns despite their af-
filiation within the same party. 478 U. S., at 59. In the
area involved in Gingles, an overwhelming majority of
white voters did not vote for any black candidate in the
Democratic party primary elections, which for all practical
purposes selected the candidates who would ultimately ob-
tain office. Ibid. And in general elections, white voters in
heavily Democratic areas often ranked black candidates
last among Democrats. Ibid. Such intra-party disparities
showed that black voters had less opportunity to elect their
preferred candidate because of their race, not because of
their partisan affiliation.
When the vast majority of voters, regardless of race, fa-
vors the same political party, a map that is disadvanta-
geous for members of one racial group cannot be explained
on the ground that it was drawn to favor a particular polit-
ical party. But in a State where both parties have substan-
tial support and where race is often correlated with party
preference, a litigant can easily exploit for partisan pur-
poses by "repackag[ing] a partisan-gerrymandering claim
as a racial-gerrymandering claim." Alexander, 602 U. S., at
21.
28 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

That brings us to the third significant post-Gingles devel-
opment: this Court's decision in Rucho. In that decision, we
held that claims of partisan gerrymandering are not justi-
ciable in federal court. See 588 U. S., at 704 -- 710. The up-
shot of Rucho was that, as far as federal law is concerned,
a state legislature may use partisan advantage as a factor
in redistricting. And litigants cannot circumvent that rule
by dressing their political-gerrymandering claims in racial
garb. Imposing liability "based on the racial effects of a po-
litical gerrymander in a jurisdiction in which race and par-
tisan preference are very closely correlated... would, if ac-
cepted, provide a convenient way for future litigants and
lower courts to sidestep our holding in Rucho that partisan-
gerrymandering claims are not justiciable in federal court."
Alexander, 602 U. S., at 21. "Instead of claiming that a
State impermissibly set a target Republican-Democratic
breakdown, a plaintiff could simply reverse-engineer the
partisan data into racial data and argue that the State im-
permissibly set a particular [racial] target. Our decisions
cannot be evaded with such ease." Ibid.
The fourth significant development since Gingles is the
increased use and capabilities of computers in drawing dis-
tricts and creating illustrative maps. With "modern com-
puter technology" at the ready, plaintiffs invariably in-
voke the assistance of experts who can generate
thousands -- or even millions -- of maps. Allen, 599 U. S., at
23; see id., at 33, 36 (involving more than 2 million expert-
generated maps). Computer algorithms can "easily con-
tro[l] for partisan preferences" and "other redistricting fac-
tors such as compactness and county splits." Alexander,
602 U. S., at 25. With the advent of such technology, if it is
possible to identify an alternative map that fully achieves
all the State's legitimate goals while producing " 'greater ra-
cial balance,' " then a plaintiff can easily do so. Id., at
34 -- 35.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 29

Opinion of the Court

In light of these significant developments, it is appropri-
ate to update the Gingles framework and realign it with the
text of and constitutional principles.
1. First Gingles Precondition
The first Gingles precondition is that a community of mi-
nority voters must be sufficiently numerous and compact to
constitute a majority in a reasonably configured district. To
satisfy this precondition, many plaintiffs have simply
provided illustrative maps with their desired number of
majority-minority districts. E.g., Allen, 599 U. S., at 20.
Such maps, however, are not alone sufficient. They prove
only that the State could create an additional majority-mi-
nority district, not that the State's failure to do so violated
of the Voting Rights Act. To make the latter showing,
plaintiffs' illustrative maps must satisfy two conditions.
First, in drawing illustrative maps, plaintiffs cannot use
race as a districting criterion. If a plaintiff can produce an
additional majority-minority district only by using race -- a
process that would be unconstitutional if a State engaged
in such mapmaking, see Alexander, 602 U. S., at 6 -- that
illustrative map sheds no light on whether the State acted
unconstitutionally by not adopting such a map. Thus, an
illustrative map in which race was used has no value in
proving a plaintiff 's case.
Second, illustrative maps must meet all the State's legit-
imate districting objectives, including traditional district-
ing criteria and the State's specified political goals. If the
State's aims in drawing a map include a target partisan dis-
tribution of voters, a specific margin of victory for certain
incumbents, or any other goal not prohibited by the Consti-
tution, the plaintiffs' illustrative maps must achieve these
goals just as well. If not, the plaintiffs would fail to demon-
strate that the State's chosen map was driven by racial con-
siderations rather than permissible aims. Only by meeting
all the State's legitimate objectives can the illustrative
30 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

maps help to "disentangle race" from politics and other con-
stitutionally permissible considerations. Ibid.
2. Second and Third Gingles Preconditions
To satisfy the second and third preconditions -- politically
cohesive voting by the minority and racial-bloc voting by
the majority -- the plaintiffs must provide an analysis that
controls for party affiliation. In other words, they must
show that voters engage in racial bloc voting that cannot be
explained by partisan affiliation. This is, once again, criti-
cal for "disentangl[ing] race and politics." Alexander, 602
U. S., at 6.
The facts of Gingles afford a good example of how a 
plaintiff can properly meet these preconditions. There, as
discussed, black and white voters had dramatically differ-
ent voting patterns within the Democratic party. 478 U. S.,
at 59. This type of intra-party racial-bloc voting pattern
helps to demonstrate that the minority plaintiffs have "less
opportunity" than their majority counterparts because of
race, not just because of partisan affiliation. 52 U. S. C.. By contrast, simply pointing to inter-party ra-
cial polarization proves nothing, because " 'a jurisdiction
may engage in constitutional political gerrymandering,
even if it so happens that the most loyal Democrats happen
to be black Democrats and even if the State were conscious
of that fact.' " Alexander, 602 U. S., at 9 ).
3. Totality of Circumstances
Last, the "totality of circumstances" inquiry must focus
on evidence that has more than a remote bearing on what
the Fifteenth Amendment prohibits: present-day inten-
tional racial discrimination regarding voting.
Discrimination that occurred some time ago, as well as
present-day disparities that are characterized as the ongo-
ing "effects of societal discrimination," are entitled to much
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 31

Opinion of the Court

less weight. Shaw II, 517 U. S., at 909 -- 910. Far more ger-
mane are "current data" and " 'current political conditions' "
that shed light on current intentional discrimination.
Shelby County, 570 U. S., at 552 -- 553 ). "[I]n large part because of the Voting
Rights Act[,]... our Nation has made great strides" in elim-
inating racial discrimination in voting. Shelby County, 570
U. S., at 548 -- 549. And if, as a result of this progress, it is
hard to find pertinent evidence relating to intentional pre-
sent-day voting discrimination, that is cause for celebra-
tion.
D
Nothing in Allen dictates a result that differs from the
one we reach today. The decision in that case was based on
the State of Alabama's specific argument that its "race-
neutral benchmark" was "necessary in any redistricting
case." Brief for Appellants in Allen v. Milligan, O. T. 2022,
Nos. 21 -- 1086 etc., pp. 43 -- 44 (Brief for Alabama). Alabama
argued that deriving this benchmark -- the "median or av-
erage number of majority-minority districts" in a race-blind
"multimillion-map set," Allen, 599 U. S., at 23 -- required
"computer simulations that are technically complicated, ex-
pensive to produce, and available to '[o]nly a small cadre of
university researchers [that] have the resources and exper-
tise to run' them," id., at 36. Nonetheless, the State contended
that its race-neutral benchmark was "the only plausible
test" to ensure that stays within "constitutional guard-
rails." Brief for Alabama 44, 75. We rejected that "single-
minded view." Allen, 599 U. S., at 26. Allen, in short, was
about whether Alabama's novel evidentiary standard re-
quired a change to our existing precedent. See Tr. of
Oral Arg. 8 -- 9. It did not.
32 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

Allen did not address the central issue here. We had no
occasion in Allen to confront the presumption that compli-
ance with may serve as a compelling interest for a State
to satisfy strict scrutiny. Indeed, Allen did not discuss the
Fourteenth Amendment at all. Here, by contrast, it is the
linchpin of this suit.2
In addition, our decision in Allen did not reach two pivotal
issues that we now squarely address. First, we left open
whether "race-based redistricting" under, even if permis-
sible when the Voting Rights Act was enacted in 1982, could
"extend indefinitely into the future" despite significant
changes in relevant conditions. 599 U. S., at 45
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in part); see Shelby County,
570 U. S., at 557 (requiring assessment of the constitution-
ality of the Voting Rights Act in light of current conditions).
Second, because the State in Allen did not cite partisan
goals in defending its map, we did not address whether 
plaintiffs must disentangle race from politics in proving
their case. Indeed, this is our first occasion to address the
implications of Rucho in a vote-dilution case. Failing to ac-
count for political considerations in redistricting, as ex-
plained above, can allow plaintiffs to undo a State's legiti-
mate, nonracial decisions under the banner of. In light
of our answers to these questions left open in Allen, we now
update the Gingles test to ensure a constitutional reading
and application of.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The dissent claims that the Fourteenth Amendment is irrelevant to

our analysis, post, at 39 -- 40, (opinion of KAGAN, J.), but the dissent
appears to forget -- or at least tries to lead readers to forget -- that the
decision before us is based on the Fourteenth Amendment. The plaintiffs
claimed, and the court below held, that the map enacted by the state
legislature in SB8 impermissibly discriminated on the basis of race and
thus violated the plaintiffs' rights under the Fourteenth Amendment's
Equal Protection Clause. See supra, at 16.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 33

Opinion of the Court

IV
Under the updated Gingles framework, the facts of this
suit easily require affirmance.
Louisiana's enactment of SB8 triggered strict scrutiny
because the State's underlying goal was racial. The State
never hid the ball: It configured District 6 to achieve a black
voting-age population over 50% because it knew that if it
failed to do so, the Robinson court would very likely find its
map unlawful and order the use of something like the Rob-
inson plaintiffs' illustrative maps, which would have imper-
iled one of the influential incumbents the legislature sought
to protect. The State's intentional compliance with the
court's demands constituted an "express acknowledgment
that race played a role in the drawing of district lines." Al-
exander, 602 U. S., at 8. Louisiana therefore had to satisfy
the "extraordinarily onerous" standard of proving that its
use of race was narrowly tailored to further a compelling
governmental interest. Id., at 11.
No compelling interest justifies SB8. Section 2 does not
provide a compelling interest because the State did not
need to create a new majority-minority district to comply
with the Act. That is because at every step of the Gingles
framework, the Robinson plaintiffs failed to prove their 
case.
On the first Gingles precondition, the Robinson plaintiffs
did not meet their burden because they did not provide an
illustrative map that met all the State's nonracial goals.
The most obvious deficit in the plaintiffs' illustrative maps
was the failure to meet the State's political goals, including
incumbency protection. The plaintiffs' preferred map
would have placed Representative Letlow in a majority-
Democratic district and thus effectively ensured her exit
from Congress. See Brief for Appellant in No. 24 -- 109, at
14; 2 App. to Juris. Statement in No. 24 -- 110, p. 673a (plac-
ing Representative Letlow in a district with over twice as
many registered Democrats as registered Republicans).
34 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

The Robinson court erroneously concluded that the plain-
tiffs' illustrative maps protected incumbents because the
maps left all six Representatives "in the district where they
currently live" and "could avoid incumbent pairing." 605
F. Supp. 3d, at 830. That observation missed the point: An
incumbent is not protected if he or she will lose re-election.
And because the plaintiffs' illustrative maps failed to pro-
tect all the incumbents that the State sought to shield, the
plaintiffs did not meet their burden on this precondition.
Nor did the plaintiffs meet their burden on the second
and third Gingles preconditions. To show racially polarized
voting, the Robinson plaintiffs offered evidence that black
and white voters consistently supported different candi-
dates, but their analysis did not control for partisan prefer-
ences. See 605 F. Supp. 3d, at 840.
Even if the Robinson plaintiffs had met their burden on
the Gingles preconditions, they still would have failed to
show an objective likelihood of intentional discrimination
based on the totality of circumstances. The Robinson court
went through the nine Senate Report factors, but none of
the evidence it cited showed even a plausible likelihood of
intentional discrimination by the State. Much of the cited
evidence -- such as the low number of black Louisianans
who have been elected to Congress in recent decades -- 
failed to disentangle race from politics. See 605 F. Supp.
3d, at 845 -- 846. Indeed, the court observed that black vot-
ers have been aligned with the Democratic party for dec-
ades and that issues discussed by that party appealed to
black voters. Id., at 845. Those observations should have
undercut, not strengthened, any showing of intentional ra-
cial discrimination because race and politics are so inter-
twined.
The Robinson court also relied on the " 'sordid history' " of
intentional discrimination by Louisianian officials in the
decades before the Voting Rights Act's passage. Id., at 846.
And it cast aside as "irrelevant" the lack of evidence that
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 35

Opinion of the Court

black voters had faced intentional discrimination in recent
years. Id., at 847. That analysis had its priorities back-
wards. The Fifteenth Amendment, which the Voting Rights
Act enforces, "is not designed to punish for the past" but
works "to ensure a better future." Shelby County, 570 U. S.,
at 553. The focus of must therefore be on "current con-
ditions," not on "decades-old data relevant to decades-old
problems." Ibid. And none of the historical evidence pre-
sented by plaintiffs came close to showing an objective like-
lihood that the State's challenged map was the result of in-
tentional racial discrimination.
In sum, because the Voting Rights Act did not require
Louisiana to create an additional majority-minority dis-
trict, no compelling interest justified the State's use of race
in creating SB8. That map is an unconstitutional gerry-
mander, and its use would violate the plaintiffs' constitu-
tional rights.
V
The dissent's arguments are fully addressed in the prior
sections of this opinion, but in closing we emphasize three
points.
First, the dissent states over and over again that our de-
cision requires a plaintiff to prove discriminatory intent.
Post, at 6, 23 -- 26, 30 -- 32, 37, 39 -- 41, 45 -- 46. What must be
shown is exactly what the 1982 amendment of called for.
A plaintiff in a vote dilution case must show that a dis-
tricting scheme denies members of a racial group the same
"opportunity" as other voters to elect the candidates they
prefer. Supra, at 20 -- 22. When that is shown, the circum-
stances are comparable to those in White, the
decision from which the new language added by Congress
in 1982 was drawn. That is, the circumstances must give
rise to a strong inference of racial discrimination. See su-
pra, at 23 -- 26.
36 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

Opinion of the Court

Second, contrary to the dissent's assertion, we have not
overruled Allen. As is our general practice, the Allen Court
adjudicated the case based on the parties' arguments, and
in that case, the State did not defend its map on the ground
that it was drawn to achieve a political objective. See supra,
at 31 -- 32. Here, the State has been forthright from the be-
ginning that its aim was to protect the State's most promi-
nent Republican House members. One may lament parti-
san gerrymandering, but for the reasons explained in
Rucho, partisan gerrymandering claims are not justiciable
in federal court. And in a racial gerrymandering case like
the one before us, race and politics must be disentangled,
as even the author of the dissent has acknowledged. See
Alexander, 602 U. S., at 9; Cooper, 581 U. S., at 308 (opinion
for the Court by KAGAN, J.) (holding that a racial-gerry-
mandering plaintiff must "disentangle race from politics
and prove that the former drove a district's lines"). That is
true regardless whether the case is brought pursuant to the
Fourteenth Amendment or the VRA, since of the VRA
requires evidence giving rise to a strong inference of inten-
tional discrimination. If race and politics are not disentan-
gled and a claim is cynically used as a tool for advancing
a partisan end, the VRA's noble goal will be perverted.
Third, while the dissent wraps itself in the mantle of stare
decisis, the dissent is unabashedly at war with key prece-
dents. See post, at 45 (claiming that Rucho was disas-
trously wrong and should be cabined); post, at 5, 8 -- 9, 42 -- 
43 (repeatedly criticizing Shelby County and citing the dis-
sent in that case); post, at 4 (criticizing the Court's decision
in Brnovich). Respect for precedent cannot be a one-way
street.
* * *
The judgment of the District Court is affirmed, and these
cases are remanded for proceedings consistent with this
opinion.
Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 37

Opinion of the Court

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 24 -- 109 and 24 -- 110
_________________

LOUISIANA, APPELLANT
24 -- 109 v.
PHILLIP CALLAIS, ET AL.

PRESS ROBINSON, ET AL., APPELLANTS
24 -- 110 v.
PHILLIP CALLAIS, ET AL.
ON APPEALS FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR
THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA
[April 29, 2026]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full. This Court should never
have interpreted of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to ef-
fectively give racial groups "an entitlement to roughly pro-
portional representation." Thornburg v. Gingles, (1986) (O'Connor, J., concurring in judgment); see
ante, at 23 -- 24. By doing so, the Court led legislatures and
courts to "systematically divid[e] the country into electoral
districts along racial lines." Holder v. Hall, (1994) (THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment). "Blacks
[we]re drawn into 'black districts' and given 'black repre-
sentatives'; Hispanics [we]re drawn into Hispanic districts
and given 'Hispanic representatives'; and so on." Ibid. That
interpretation rendered "repugnant to any nation that
strives for the ideal of a color-blind Constitution." Id., at
905 -- 906. Today's decision should largely put an end to this
"disastrous misadventure" in voting-rights jurisprudence.
Id., at 893.
2 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

THOMAS, J., concurring

As I explained more than 30 years ago, I would go further
and hold that of the Voting Rights Act does not regulate
districting at all. See id., at 922 -- 923. The relevant text
prohibits States from imposing or applying a "voting quali-
fication," "prerequisite to voting," or "standard, practice, or
procedure," in a manner that results in a denial or abridge-
ment of the right to vote based on race. 52 U. S. C.. How States draw district lines does not fall
within any of those three categories. Holder, 512 U. S., at
922 -- 923 (opinion of THOMAS, J.); Allen v. Milligan, (2023) (THOMAS, J., dissenting). The words in 
instead "reach only 'enactments that regulate citizens' ac-
cess to the ballot or the processes for counting a ballot'; they
'do not include a State's... choice of one districting scheme
over another.' " Ibid. ). Therefore, no challenge to dis-
tricting should ever succeed.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

KAGAN, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 24 -- 109 and 24 -- 110
_________________

LOUISIANA, APPELLANT
24 -- 109 v.
PHILLIP CALLAIS, ET AL.

PRESS ROBINSON, ET AL., APPELLANTS
24 -- 110 v.
PHILLIP CALLAIS, ET AL.
ON APPEALS FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR
THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA
[April 29, 2026]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
Consider the story of a hypothetical congressional district
in a hypothetical State, subjected to a redistricting scheme.
The example is admittedly stylized, but in its essence sim-
ulates the dispute before us, and clarifies the immense is-
sues at stake. The district, let's say, is a single county, in
the shape of a near-perfect circle, sitting in the middle of a
rectangular State. The State is one with a long history of
virulent racial discrimination, and its many effects, includ-
ing in residential segregation and political division, remain
significant even today. The population of the circle district
is 90% Black; the rest of the State, divided into five sur-
rounding districts, is 90% White. And voting throughout
all those districts is racially polarized: Black residents vote
heavily for Democratic candidates, while White residents
vote heavily for Republicans. The circle district thus ena-
bles the State's Black community to elect a representative
of its choice, whom no neighboring community would put in
2 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

office. But that arrangement, in this not-so-hypothetical, is
not to last. The state legislature decides to eliminate the
circle district, slicing it into six pie pieces and allocating one
each to six new, still solidly White congressional districts.
The State's Black voters are now widely dispersed, and (un-
like the State's White voters) lack any ability to elect a rep-
resentative of their choice. Election after election, Black
citizens' votes are, by every practical measure, wasted.
That is racial vote dilution in its most classic form. A
minority community that is cohesive in its geography and
politics alike, and that faces continued adversity from racial
division, is split -- "cracked" is the usual term -- so that it
loses all its electoral influence. Members of the racial mi-
nority can still go to the polls and cast a ballot. But given
the State's racially polarized voting, they cannot hope -- in
the way the State's White citizens can -- to elect a person
whom they think will well represent their interests. Their
votes matter less than others' do; they translate into less
political voice. Or, as this Court put it recently, the crack-
ing makes "a minority vote unequal to a vote by a nonmi-
nority voter." Allen v. Milligan, (2023).
And because that is so, Congress in the Voting Rights Act
made the practice illegal. Section 2 of that Act guarantees
that members of every racial group have an equal "oppor-
tunity" to "elect representatives of their choice." 52 U. S. C.. That promise arose from a far-too-prominent
part of this Nation's history. Even after the Fifteenth
Amendment banned racial discrimination in voting, state
officials routinely deprived African Americans of their vot-
ing rights. Through a seemingly boundless array of mech-
anisms -- most of them facially race-neutral and among
them the drawing of district lines -- States either prevented
Black citizens from casting ballots or ensured that their
votes would count for next to nothing. The Voting Rights
Act was meant as the corrective. And when this Court con-
strued it too narrowly -- insisting that a person suing under
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

KAGAN, J., dissenting

Section 2 had to prove discriminatory intent -- Congress
amended the law so that it turned solely on discriminatory
effects. Under that revised version, a person has a good
Section 2 claim if the challenged state action, in the "total-
ity of circumstances," "results in" an electoral system "not
equally open" to members of his racial group -- meaning a
system giving those citizens "less opportunity" to "partici-
pate in the political process and to elect representatives of
their choice.". And for 40 years
now, this Court has recognized that language to encompass
districting decisions that, in the way illustrated above, re-
sult in vote dilution -- the "minimiz[ing]" of minority voters'
"ability to elect their preferred candidates." Allen, 599
U. S., at 18 ).
But no longer. Under the Court's new view of Section 2,
a State can, without legal consequence, systematically di-
lute minority citizens' voting power. Of course, the majority
does not announce today's holding that way. Its opinion is
understated, even antiseptic. The majority claims only to
be "updat[ing]" our Section 2 law, as though through a few
technical tweaks. Ante, at 26, 29, 32. But in fact, those
"updates" eviscerate the law, so that it will not remedy even
the classic example of vote dilution given above. Without a
basis in Section 2's text or the Constitution, the majority
formulates new proof requirements for plaintiffs alleging
vote dilution. Those demands, meant to "disentangle race
from politics," ante, at 25, leverage two features of modern
political life: that racial identity and party preference are
often linked and that politicians have free rein to adopt par-
tisan gerrymanders. The first fact -- say, that in a given
area, Black voters mainly support Democrats and White
voters Republicans -- was viewed before today as practically
an element of a vote-dilution claim, because it indicates
that a minority group is politically cohesive enough to elect
a preferred representative but will be outvoted by the
4 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

majority bloc. See Allen, 599 U. S., at 18, 22. The second
fact -- the result of a prior mistake by this Court -- is some-
thing every day to regret, not to use as an excuse for strip-
ping minority citizens of their voting rights. But under the
majority's new test, when those two facts coexist -- which is
almost everywhere Section 2 still has purchase -- a plaintiff
cannot prevail by showing that a redistricting resulted in
the dilution of minority voting power. Rather, a plaintiff
will have to show -- contrary to Section 2's clear text and de-
sign -- that the legislators were "motivated by a discrimina-
tory purpose." Ante, at 23. And that, as
Section 2's drafters knew, is well-nigh impossible.
Today's ruling is part of a set: For over a decade, this
Court has had its sights set on the Voting Rights Act. In
2013, the Court made a nullity of Section 5, the provision of
the Act enabling the Department of Justice to review and
block new voting rules -- including redistrictings -- in juris-
dictions with a history of voter suppression. See Shelby
County v. Holder, (2013). Congress had re-
cently, and after lengthy study, reauthorized that preclear-
ance mechanism. It found the scheme still essential to
counter the protean techniques States can use to prevent
minorities from exercising their fair share of political influ-
ence. But this Court thought it knew better. "[T]hings have
changed dramatically," the Court explained, id., at 547, ig-
noring that whether things had changed dramatically
enough to make the law dispensable was a question better
left to its democratically accountable authors. Not surpris-
ingly, a flood of discriminatory voting laws followed, and
now only Section 2 stood in the gap. In 2021, the Court did
half what was needed to raze that section too. See Brnovich
v. Democratic National Committee, (2021).
Section 2 prohibits not only vote-diluting districting plans,
but also discriminatory burdens on the casting of ballots.
In a suit involving the latter type of law, the Court invented
a new legal standard making Section 2 useless, on the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

KAGAN, J., dissenting

theory that the statute as written was too "radical." See id.,
at 674. Since the Court ruled, not a single Section 2 suit
has successfully challenged such a restriction on voting,
however discriminatory in operation. See R. Hasen, The
Stagnation, Retrogression, and Potential Pro-Voter Trans-
formation of U. S. Election Law, 134 Yale L. J. 1673, 1686
(2025).
And finally, today, the last piece -- Section 2 as applied to
redistricting. The last, and surely the hardest, for just
three Terms ago the Court upheld a vote-dilution challenge
to a districting map in a case much like this one -- preserv-
ing Section 2 as a tool to prevent racially discriminatory re-
districting. See Allen, 599 U. S., at 17. "[W]e decline to
adopt," the Court said then, "an interpretation of that
would revise and reformulate" our " jurisprudence [of]
nearly forty years." Id., at 26. Nothing has changed in the
three years since. Yet today, the majority does "revise and
reformulate"... and destroy. It avails itself again of the
tools used before to dismantle the Act: untenable readings
of statutory text, made-up and impossible-to-meet eviden-
tiary requirements, disregard for precedent, and disdain for
congressional judgment. And in that way it greenlights re-
districting plans that will disable minority communities -- 
in Louisiana and across the Nation -- from electing, as ma-
jority communities can, "representatives of their choice.". What if the districts in which minority citizens
exercise voting power are sliced up, and the pieces ap-
pended to districts in which they can play no meaningful
role? The majority tells us that the inability to make out a
Section 2 claim will just be a mark of the Nation's progress,
and therefore "cause for celebration." Ante, at 31.
I dissent. The Voting Rights Act is -- or, now more accu-
rately, was -- "one of the most consequential, efficacious,
and amply justified exercises of federal legislative power in
our Nation's history." Shelby County, 570 U. S., at 562
(Ginsburg, J., dissenting). It was born of the literal blood
6 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

of Union soldiers and civil rights marchers. It ushered in
awe-inspiring change, bringing this Nation closer to ful-
filling the ideals of democracy and racial equality. And it
has been repeatedly, and overwhelmingly, reauthorized by
the people's representatives in Congress. Only they have
the right to say it is no longer needed -- not the Members of
this Court. I dissent, then, from this latest chapter in the
majority's now-completed demolition of the Voting Rights
Act.
I
I begin with some history -- both with what led originally
to the Voting Rights Act and with how the current Section
2 came to be. The point is not to deliver a eulogy for the
law -- though, in truth, the Court's step-by-step slaying of
voting rights now makes one appropriate. Rather, the ob-
ject is to reveal how far today's decision repudiates past,
and rightfully still controlling, congressional choices. As I'll
later explain, the majority now demands that vote-dilution
plaintiffs muster proof of racially discriminatory motive.
See infra, at 23 -- 32. In that way, the decision echoes an
earlier one of this Court, which also held that Section 2
should function as an intent test. See Mobile v. Bolden, (1980). But Congress, as you'll soon see, amended
Section 2 to reject that view: In light of the way voting dis-
crimination had operated since the Fifteenth Amendment's
adoption, Congress instead drafted Section 2 to bar the use
of any electoral mechanism that would result in minority
citizens having less opportunity than non-minority citizens
to choose their political representatives.
A
In the wake of the Civil War, Congress enacted and the
States ratified the Fifteenth Amendment, to ensure the en-
franchisement of Black Americans. Nearly 200,000 Black
men had fought in the Union cause: "[W]hen the fight is
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

KAGAN, J., dissenting

over," General Sherman counseled, "the hand that drops
the musket cannot be denied the ballot." See A. Keyssar,
The Right to Vote 69 (rev. ed. 2009) (Keyssar). And millions
more African Americans had just become citizens, giving
them a claim on political rights. The Fifteenth Amendment
responded with a clarion promise of racial equality in vot-
ing: "The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any
State on account of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude."
The Amendment's passage was a momentous occasion. It
appeared to affirm that a mere few years after slavery's
end, African Americans had become "equal members of the
body politic." E. Foner, The Second Founding 111 (2019)
(Foner). President Grant, in a message to Congress, called
the Amendment "the most important event that has oc-
curred since the nation came to life." Ibid. Black Ameri-
cans similarly referred to the Amendment as the Nation's
"second birth." Ibid. At one of the many celebrations rati-
fication sparked, Frederick Douglass rejoiced that those
just released from bondage were now "placed upon an equal
footing with all other men": "Never," he declared, "was rev-
olution more complete." Keyssar 82; Foner 112.
But all the hosannas were many years premature: "In the
century that followed," the Fifteenth Amendment "proved
little more than a parchment promise." Allen, 599 U. S., at
10. Violence and intimidation were ever-present ways to
deny Black citizens their right to vote. But often force was
not needed, because state laws could well enough accom-
plish that goal. Especially in the South, States soon put in
place a host of facially race-neutral devices to systemati-
cally disenfranchise African American citizens. Poll taxes,
literacy tests, "good character" exams, property qualifica-
tions, convoluted registration processes -- all these and
more, when combined with administrative discretion, effec-
tively suppressed the Black vote, without much affecting
8 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the White one. See South Carolina v. Katzenbach, (1966). Congress could have acted: the Fifteenth
Amendment gave it the "power to enforce" minority voting
rights "by appropriate legislation." But for decades it sat
mute while facially race-neutral voting rules succeeded in
"render[ing] the right to vote illusory" for Black Americans.
Allen, 599 U. S., at 10. Louisiana's post-Reconstruction
rules, to cite the most pertinent example, took less than a
decade to drive the number of Black registered voters from
130,000 (in 1896) to 1,342 (in 1904). See Keyssar 91. The
numbers did not begin to climb until the end of World War
II (when Black soldiers returned from other battlefields),
and even then only slowly. See 1 U. S. Commission on Civil
Rights Report 42 (1961).
Congress's initial efforts to counter voting discrimina-
tion -- in the Civil Rights Acts of 1957, 1960, and 1964 -- did
little but prove the difficulty of the task. Each of those stat-
utes authorized the Attorney General "to seek injunctions
against public and private interference with the right to
vote on racial grounds." Katzenbach, 383 U. S., at 313. But
time and again, States found ways to evade the ensuing
court orders. They "merely switched to discriminatory de-
vices not covered by" the court decrees, finding yet new
race-neutral rules (there seemed an endless number) that
would maintain the disparity between White and Black vot-
ing power. Id., at 314. Congress thus learned of the "unre-
mitting and ingenious" methods States could use to resist
African American enfranchisement. Id., at 309. Protecting
minority voting was like "battling the Hydra": "Whenever
one form of voting discrimination was identified and pro-
hibited, others sprang up in its place." Shelby County, 570
U. S., at 560 (Ginsburg, J., dissenting).
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 represented Congress's
most determined effort to stop the cycle. Selma's Bloody
Sunday had galvanized the Nation to finally confront racial
disfranchisement. Now Congress enacted legislation
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

KAGAN, J., dissenting

making use of a double-barreled approach to ensure the Fif-
teenth Amendment's enforcement. Section 5 of the Act re-
quired that States or localities with a history of racial voter
suppression obtain Department of Justice approval before
implementing new voting districts or rules. An administra-
tive review process thus would impede -- at least, until this
Court in Shelby County stopped it -- the ever-inventive ef-
forts of certain jurisdictions to deny or minimize minority
voting. Meantime, Section 2 provided judicial recourse for
victims of voting discrimination in all jurisdictions. That
provision prohibited any election rule or practice that would
"deny or abridge" the right to vote, thus imposing a "perma-
nent, nationwide ban on racial discrimination in voting" (or
so the Court assured the country when disabling Section 5).
42 U. S. C. (1970); Shelby County, 570 U. S., at 557.
Taken together, Congress thought, the two mechanisms
could "forever banish the blight of racial discrimination in
voting" -- effectively countering States' constantly morphing
methods of suppressing minority ballots. Allen, 599 U. S.,
at 10.
B
After the Act's passage -- and partly because of its initial
success -- those methods more and more focused on vote di-
lution. The Act led to a large increase in minority voting
registration: In just five years, almost as many African
Americans registered to vote in six Southern States as in
the entire century before 1965. See C. Davidson, The Vot-
ing Rights Act, in Controversies in Minority Voting 21 (B.
Grofman & C. Davidson eds. 1992). And the Act mostly
halted state efforts to prevent those new voters from casting
ballots at all. So the States, as Congress noted when reau-
thorizing Section 5 in 1975, "resorted to [measures] which
would dilute increasing minority voting strength." City of
Rome v. United States, (1980) ). Efforts to
10 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

minimize minorities' voting power took several forms. One
was to use at-large voting. A majority-White municipality,
for example, might exclude all African Americans from its
city council by scrapping geographic districts in favor of
citywide elections. See Perkins v. Matthews, (1971). Another common dilution mechanism was just
to redraw single-member districts. Minority citizens could
be "packed": A racial community large enough to constitute
a majority in two normal districts -- and therefore capable
of electing two representatives -- might be crammed into a
single district instead. See Voinovich v. Quilter, -- 154 (1993). Or else minority citizens could be
"cracked," as in the hypothetical introducing this opinion.
See supra, at 1 -- 2. Then, voters would be dispersed across
multiple districts so they could not muster a majority in
any. See Voinovich, 507 U. S., at 153. In either event, a
minority citizen's vote would "carry less weight than" it did
previously or than it would "in another, hypothetical dis-
trict." Gill v. Whitford, (2018).
This Court soon held, in White v. Regester, 
(1973), that such practices could be unlawful because of
their effects -- more specifically, because they result in une-
qual electoral opportunities for minority citizens. (Attend
closely here, because White becomes the template for the
current version of Section 2.) The plaintiffs in White chal-
lenged a Texas districting scheme that established multi-
member districts in two counties with concentrated urban
populations, even while using single-member districts
nearly everywhere else. The effect of the scheme, the plain-
tiffs charged, was to "minimize the voting strength of racial
groups" -- both African Americans and Mexican Ameri-
cans -- by putting them in a broad county-wide district in
which their votes would be swamped. Id., at 765, 767. In
addressing that claim, the Court initially stated that it was
"not enough" to show that the districting scheme prevented
the minority groups from achieving proportional
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

KAGAN, J., dissenting

representation -- legislative seats in proportion to their pop-
ulation. Id., at 765. But that did not mean that the plain-
tiffs had to show that the State had acted with discrimina-
tory intent. Rather, the Court held, the plaintiffs could
prevail on a different kind of showing that a scheme's effect
was to "minimize the voting strength of racial groups."
Ibid. Under the Court's test, there was unlawful vote dilu-
tion if "the political process" was "not equally open to par-
ticipation" by a racial group, so that "its members had less
opportunity" than others "to participate in the political pro-
cesses and to elect legislators of their choice." Id., at 766.
The Court in White found that test satisfied under a "to-
tality of the circumstances" inquiry, which looked to how
the multi-member districting scheme operated when "over-
laid" on historical, social, and political "realities." Id., at
769. As part of that analysis, the Court noted the "history
of official racial discrimination in Texas" and the persistent
use of "racial campaign tactics" in elections. Id., at 766 -- 
767. But beyond such intentional race-based action, the
Court looked to how the current or "residual" effects of past
discrimination, including disparities in matters like hous-
ing, "education [and] employment," had political conse-
quences. Id., at 768. Similarly, with respect to Mexican
Americans, the Court considered evidence of "cultural and
language barrier[s]" to political participation. Ibid. And
finally, the Court homed in on political data itself, including
voter registration and the infrequent election of Black or
Hispanic candidates in majority-White districts. See id., at
766, 768 -- 769. When all those factors were combined -- in
what the Court called "an intensely local appraisal" -- the
"impact" of the multi-member districts clearly emerged:
Those districts denied minority voters equal "access to the
12 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

political process," "specifically in the election of [state]
representatives." Id., at 767 -- 769.1
Just seven years later, however, the Court did an about-
face, now requiring a showing of discriminatory intent to
succeed on a vote-dilution claim. In City of Mobile v. Bol-
den, the plaintiffs challenged an at-large election system for
a three-member city commission. Under that system, Mo-
bile's Black population, which made up 35% of the total, had
never managed to elect a candidate of its choice. But the
Court did not embark on the kind of analysis employed in
White to determine whether the system diluted Black votes.
Instead, the Court's controlling opinion held that Section 2
merely "restated the prohibitions" of the Fifteenth Amend-
ment, which barred only intentional discrimination. 446
U. S., at 61 (plurality opinion); see id., at 62 -- 65. And the
plaintiffs had produced no evidence of discriminatory mo-
tive. They could, the Court noted (as though it were the end
of the matter), "register and vote without hindrance." Id.,
at 65. That their chosen candidates happened to always
lose was beside the point. Because they could not show that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The majority's description of the White Court's "totality of the circum-

stances" analysis gives a false impression. According to the majority,
"the Court's rationale rested on evidence that gave rise to an obvious in-
ference" that the State acted with "discriminatory purpose or intent."
Ante, at 6. That might be so of pieces of the evidence the Court relied
on -- for example, the use of "racial campaign tactics" by a party-affiliated
organization. Ante, at 7; 412 U. S., at 767. And it is of course true that
evidence of disparate impact can be of such magnitude (in this sphere as
in others) as to indicate illicit intent. But the Court was crystal clear
that its review of local conditions encompassed things "neither... im-
proper nor invidious." Id., at 766. And indeed, its opinion reads more
like a fine-grained report on political and social conditions than (as the
majority would have it) a criminal bill of particulars. Most important
(and as even the majority admits), the Court never suggested that the
ultimate point of its analysis was to gauge the State's intent. Ante, at 6.
Rather, the point was just what the Court said: to decide whether Texas's
districting scheme in fact "operated to dilute [minorities'] voting
strength." 412 U. S., at 759.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the city had "purposeful[ly] exclu[ded]" them "from partici-
pati[ng] in the election process," the Court held, they had
no viable Section 2 suit. Id., at 64 ; see
Allen, 599 U. S., at 11 (similarly describing Bolden).
Bolden, as the majority notes, triggered "an avalanche of
criticism, both in the media and within the civil rights com-
munity." Ante, at 5. This
Court recently noted a few of the assessments. "[T]he big-
gest step backwards in civil rights" to come from the Court
since the Voting Rights Act's passage. Allen, 599 U. S., at
11. And a "ma-
jor defeat for blacks and other minorities fighting electoral
schemes that exclude them from office." Allen, 599 U. S., at
11 -- 12.
The problem, as even the majority recognizes, was "that
a focus on discriminatory intent, rather than discrimina-
tory effects, would defeat worthy claims because of the dif-
ficulty of proving intentional discrimination." Ante, at 5. It
is the rare legislature, as the history of voting discrimina-
tion shows, that cannot camouflage racial targeting with
race-neutral justifications. For that reason, Bolden brought
vote-dilution claims to a near-standstill. The Department
of Justice shelved the dilution cases it had intended to
bring; and private plaintiffs filed just 10 such suits in the
next year, compared with 60 the year before. See A. Ber-
man, Give Us the Ballot 135 (2015). States, it seemed, could
make minority votes meaningless without ever running
into the Voting Rights Act.
But then Congress stepped in, to reverse Bolden's intent
requirement -- and create the statute existing today. The
House began the process with a simple change to Section
2's text. It replaced the words "to deny or abridge" with the
phrase "in a manner which results in a denial or abridge-
ment of," to make the section look like this:
14 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

"No voting qualification or prerequisite to voting or
standard, practice, or procedure shall be imposed or ap-
plied by any State or political subdivision in a manner
which results in a denial or abridgement of the right of
any citizen of the United States to vote on account of
race or color.".
But a Senate subcommittee led by Senator Orrin Hatch ob-
jected. It thought the House's amendment would always
require racially proportional representation, and advocated
keeping Section 2 -- as construed by Bolden -- just as it was.
The impasse was resolved by Senator Bob Dole in the Judi-
ciary Committee, through the addition of a subsection cod-
ifying the White decision. Recall that White had rejected
proportional representation as the standard for vote-dilu-
tion claims. See supra, at 10 -- 11. Now Senator Dole -- while
retaining the House's "results in" language -- added a provi-
sion to do the same thing. See ("[N]othing in this
section establishes a right to have members of a [racial
group] elected in numbers equal to their proportion in the
population"). And yet more important for present purposes,
Senator Dole took language from White to clarify when a
State would violate the ban on electoral rules that "result
in a denial or abridgement" of voting. A violation is estab-
lished, the Dole (but really the White) language stated,
"if, based on the totality of circumstances, it is shown
that the political processes leading to nomination or
election in the State or political subdivision are not
equally open to participation by members of a [racial
group] in that its members have less opportunity than
other members of the electorate to participate in the
political process and to elect representatives of their
choice.".
That elaboration of when the effects of an electoral rule
would cause a violation of Section 2 received bipartisan sup-
port. The amended Section 2 passed both the House and
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the Senate by huge majorities; and in June 1982, President
Reagan signed it into law.
An "oft-cited" Senate Report explained just what the 1982
amendment had accomplished: The new Section 2 repudi-
ated Bolden's intent requirement and adopted White's "re-
sults test." Brnovich, 594 U. S., at 658; S. Rep. No. 97 -- 417,
p. 27 (1982) (Senate Report). An intent test, the Report
stated, imposed "an inordinately difficult burden for plain-
tiffs." Id., at 36. Even when state actors had purposefully
discriminated, they would likely be "ab[le] to offer a non-
racial rationalization," supported by "a false trail" of "offi-
cial resolutions" and "other legislative history eschewing
any racial motive." Id., at 37. The proof lay in what had
happened after Bolden, when even suits involving "egre-
gious" vote dilution had failed. Senate Report, at 37; see
id., at 26 -- 27, 37 -- 39. And in any event, the Report contin-
ued, the Bolden intent test "ask[ed] the wrong question."
Senate Report, at 36. The right question was instead the
one White -- and now the statute -- asked: "whether minori-
ties have equal access to the process of electing their repre-
sentatives." Senate Report, at 36. In applying the new Sec-
tion 2, the Report instructed, courts should "assess the
impact of the challenged" practice based on "objective fac-
tors" to determine whether it worked to "minimize or cancel
out the voting strength and political effectiveness of minor-
ity groups." Id., at 27 -- 28.
The Senate Report also noted this Court's holdings recog-
nizing Congress's constitutional authority to focus the Sec-
tion 2 standard on results. It is "hornbook law," the Report
explained, that the Fifteenth Amendment "grant[s] Con-
gress broad power" to enact legislation "reasonably adapted
to protect citizens against the risk" that their constitutional
right to vote will be denied. Id., at 39 -- 40. So even though the Fifteenth
Amendment itself barred only intentional discrimination,
Congress could enact legislation extending to
16 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

discriminatory effects. Indeed, the Report observed, this
Court had held as much two years earlier, when it approved
Section 5's broad effects-based scope. Senate Report, at 40. In Section 2 as well,
proper enforcement of the Fifteenth Amendment necessi-
tated a results test. For one thing, voting rules with "dis-
criminatory results perpetuate the effects of past purpose-
ful discrimination." Senate Report, at 40. And anyway, the
Report again emphasized, the difficulties of proving motive
would "create a substantial risk that intentional discrimi-
nation" would go "undetected, uncorrected and undeterred."
Ibid.
So Congress made a choice that was "as considered as
considered comes": to ensure that "results alone could lead
to liability" under Section 2. Brnovich, 594 U. S., at 703
(KAGAN, J., dissenting). Congress in 1982 knew all about
this Nation's history of racially discriminatory voting prac-
tices. It knew that even when States could no longer deny
ballots to minority citizens, they might still try to give their
votes no or minimal weight. And Congress knew that those
efforts did not come tagged as race-based. To the contrary,
they were race-neutral on their face, and likewise were pub-
licly backed by race-neutral justifications. So Congress re-
nounced, as strongly as it could, Bolden's decision to limit
Section 2's ban to intentional discrimination. It made sure
instead, as this Court recently explained, that Section 2
would "turn on the presence of discriminatory effects." Al-
len, 599 U. S., at 25; see id., at 44 (KAVANAUGH, J., concur-
ring in part) ("[T]he text of establishes an effects test, not
an intent test"). And more precisely, that the section would
turn on whether, given all relevant circumstances, an elec-
toral rule would leave minority voters with "less oppor-
tunity" than non-minority voters to "elect representatives
of their choice.".
There is a way to decide this case consistent with that
fully permissible congressional choice, and a way not. In
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the next part, I show how 40 years' worth of this Court's
caselaw would address the vote-dilution claim involved
here. After that, I address what today's majority does.2
II
This Court first construed the amended Section 2 in
Thornburg v. Gingles, establishing there a framework -- like
the new statute itself -- based on White. That framework
has governed vote-dilution claims for the last four decades.
And indeed, just three years ago, in Allen, we unequivocally
reaffirmed it when sustaining a vote-dilution challenge to
an Alabama redistricting scheme. See 599 U. S., at 19 -- 23.
Had we proceeded along the same road today, we would
have treated the vote-dilution challenge to Louisiana's
scheme in the same way.
"Gingles began," as Allen recently noted, "by describing
what guards against." 599 U. S., at 17. "The essence of
a claim," Gingles explained, is that an electoral rule or
practice "interacts with social and historical conditions,"
generally caused by past intentional discrimination, "to
cause an inequality in the opportunities enjoyed by black
and white voters." 478 U. S., at 47. Such an inequality ex-
ists when the challenged rule "operates to minimize or can-
cel out [minority voters'] ability to elect their preferred
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 A wrinkle here is that the suit directly before us involves a claim of

racial gerrymandering under the Fourteenth Amendment, not of vote di-
lution under Section 2. See ante, at 16 -- 17. (As I will later discuss, the
elements of the two have always been poles apart -- with a dilution claim
turning on an election rule's effects and a gerrymandering claim turning
on its purpose. See infra, at 26 -- 27, and ). But this gerrymandering
suit arose out of a prior dilution suit's success: The plaintiffs here attack
the districting plan that Louisiana devised to remedy the vote dilution
previously found. See ante, at 12 -- 17. And the majority chooses to resolve
this suit by focusing on the earlier one -- holding that the plaintiffs here
succeed because the court in the earlier litigation did not apply the ma-
jority's brand-new understanding of Section 2. See ante, at 32 -- 35. So I
too focus on how to decide a vote-dilution claim under Section 2, and do
not address other issues implicated in a gerrymandering suit.
18 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

candidates." Id., at 48. And the risk of that "mini-
miz[ation]" -- or dilution -- is greatest when "minority and
majority voters consistently prefer different candidates"
and the minority voters are submerged in a majority voting
population that "regularly defeat[s] [their] choices." Ibid.;
see Allen, 599 U. S., at 17 -- 18.3
To get at that issue, Gingles initially requires a Section 2
plaintiff asserting vote dilution to satisfy three "precondi-
tions." 478 U. S., at 50. First, the minority group allegedly
harmed must be "sufficiently large and geographically com-
pact to constitute a majority in a reasonably configured dis-
trict" -- meaning, one "comport[ing] with traditional dis-
tricting criteria." Allen, 599 U. S., at 18 (alteration
omitted). Second, the identified minority group must be
"politically cohesive," meaning that its members mainly
vote for the same parties or candidates. Gingles, 478 U. S.,
at 51. And third, the majority in the district must "vote
sufficiently as a bloc to enable it... usually to defeat the
minority's preferred candidate." Ibid. Those three factors,
taken together, serve a gatekeeping function. They permit
a vote-dilution suit to proceed only if a plaintiff can show
that minority voters would elect a "representative of [their]
own choice" in some reasonably drawn electoral district, but
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The majority, in describing the legal background to this case, briefly

criticizes our Gingles opinion for spending too little time with Section 2's
text and too much with the Senate Judiciary Committee Report. See
ante, at 7. The author of today's decision made the same point in Allen -- 
in his then-dissenting opinion. See 599 U. S., at 103 (opinion of ALITO,
J.). But the erstwhile majority there rejected the argument, explaining
that, whatever changes have occurred in statutory interpretation, "Gin-
gles effectuates the delicate legislative bargain that embodies." Id.,
at 39,. It does so, as will soon become evident, by grounding its
framework in Section 2's ban on electoral rules that, in all the circum-
stances, "result in" giving minority voters a "less[er] opportunity" than
others to "elect representatives of their choice.". And it does so,
too, by relying on (indeed, partly copying) this Court's analysis in
White -- which was the indisputable basis for Senator Dole's textual com-
promise. See Allen, 599 U. S., at 12 -- 13; supra, at 14 -- 15.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

KAGAN, J., dissenting

that racially polarized voting in the district as actually
drawn will usually "impede [their] ability" to do so. Allen,
599 U. S., at 18; Gingles, 478 U. S., at 51.
That threshold test is not easily met. To satisfy the first
factor, a plaintiff will have to suggest alternative districting
plans complying with such traditional criteria as compact-
ness, contiguity, and respect for geographic boundaries and
political subdivisions. And as Allen recently described, the
inability to offer such substitute maps has doomed a good
many vote-dilution suits. See 599 U. S., at 27 -- 29 ; Miller v. Johnson, (1995); Bush v. Vera, (1996); Abbott
v. Perez, (2018)). Similarly, to satisfy the sec-
ond and third conditions, the plaintiff must show the exist-
ence of racially polarized voting, generally through "statis-
tical evidence of historic voting patterns." League of United
Latin American Citizens v. Perry, (2006)
(ROBERTS, C. J., concurring in part and dissenting in part).
It is never enough in a Section 2 suit to rely on "assump-
tions" about how individuals will "vote based on their ethnic
[or racial] background." Ibid. Instead, "plaintiffs must
prove" racial bloc voting. Gingles, 478 U. S., at 46. Given
those requirements -- and the steady decline in both resi-
dential segregation and racially polarized voting, which
make them harder to meet -- only strong vote-dilution
claims can today get out of the gate. See Brief for Ellen D.
Katz et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 8 (Katz Brief ); Allen, 599
U. S., at 26 -- 29; infra, at 43 -- 44.
And beyond Gingles's preconditions lies the "totality of
circumstances" inquiry that migrated from White to Section
2's text. ; see supra, at 14 -- 15. To find, under that
test, that the political process is not "equally open" to mi-
nority voters, a court must make (so Gingles held, lifting
from White) "an intensely local appraisal" of how the chal-
lenged electoral rule operates against the backdrop of "past
and present [racial] realit[ies]." ; Gingles, 478
20 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

U. S., at 79; see White, 412 U. S., at 769. The "objective fac-
tors" to be considered include the State's "history of voting-
related discrimination," its experience of "racial appeals in
political campaigns," and its track record of electing minor-
ity citizens to office. Gingles, 478 U. S., at 44 -- 45; see White,
412 U. S., at 769; Senate Report, at 28 -- 29. So too, the in-
quiry may involve appraising the "effects of past discrimi-
nation" on economic and social conditions that "hinder [mi-
nority citizens'] ability to participate effectively in the
political process." Gingles, 478 U. S., at 45; see White, 412
U. S., at 768. Equally, though, the totality test weighs the
strength of a "State's interest in maintaining" a given elec-
toral practice. Houston Lawyers' Assn. v. Attorney General
of Tex., (1991). And the variety of mat-
ters to be assessed does nothing to detract from the test's
bite. By digging deep into local context, the totality inquiry
implements Congress's directive that a simple lack of pro-
portional representation cannot make out a Section 2 claim.
See Allen, 599 U. S., at 26 -- 30. And when superimposed on
Gingles's threshold conditions, the test ensures that Section
2 will work as intended: to limit liability to cases where elec-
toral rules in fact "deny minority voters equal opportunity"
in the political process. Allen, 599 U. S., at 30 (alteration
omitted).
Understood in that way, Allen explained just three years
ago, "Gingles has governed our Voting Rights Act jurispru-
dence since it was decided." Id., at 19. More: "Congress has
never disturbed our understanding of as Gingles con-
strued it." Ibid. And more: "[W]e have applied Gingles in
one case after another, to different kinds of electoral sys-
tems and to different jurisdictions in States all over the
country." Ibid.. And yes, still more, this time invoking "stare deci-
sis": "[W]e decline to adopt an interpretation of that
would revise and reformulate" the Gingles framework "that
has been the baseline of our jurisprudence for nearly
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

KAGAN, J., dissenting

forty years." Id., at 26, and. One might even have
thought the matter settled. But see ante, at 1 -- 37.4
In that settled view, a paradigmatic case of a Section 2
violation is the cracked-circle hypothetical opening this dis-
sent. See supra, at 1 -- 2. If you refresh your memory, you'll
instantly see why. The Black electorate could form -- in-
deed, did form -- a reasonably configured district: The circle
in the middle of the State complies with traditional district-
ing criteria of contiguity, compactness, and respect for po-
litical subdivisions. So Gingles's first precondition is met.
And the racially polarized voting in the State ensures that
the second and third are met as well. The Black electorate
within the circle and the White population surrounding it
vote as blocs and for different candidates. So when the
Black voters are dispersed among six predominantly White
districts, they lose all their electoral influence. Or, as we
recently described such a situation: Black voters have "the
potential to elect a representative of [their] own choice in a
possible district," but "racially polarized voting prevents
[them] from doing so in the district as actually drawn be-
cause [they are] submerged in a larger white voting popu-
lation." Cooper v. Harris, (2017) (altera-
tion omitted). That means a Section 2 suit will be decided

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The majority's view that Allen "did not address the central issue

here," ante, at 31 -- the meaning of Section 2 and appropriate content of
the Gingles framework -- is one of the more perplexing aspects of today's
decision. I will have more to say about that assertion below, see infra,
at 35 -- 37, 39, but for now, I invite readers to do a bit of exploration
on their own. Just search for every quotation from Allen in this opinion -- 
in this paragraph of course, but all the rest too -- and ask yourself
whether it is credible that Allen "did not address" the question of "our
understanding of as Gingles construed it." Ante, at 31; Allen, 599
U. S., at 19. Better yet, go read all of Allen. You will find that, on page
after page, it discusses precisely that issue -- and offers a reading of Sec-
tion 2 and Gingles perfectly consonant with this dissent, and fundamen-
tally at odds with today's majority opinion. See, e.g., Allen, 599 U. S., at
11 -- 14, 17 -- 19, 24 -- 30, 37 -- 38, 39, 41; id., at 30 -- 33 (plurality opinion).
22 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

based on the totality of the circumstances. And, as to that,
I have posited facts making the inquiry straightforward:
Recall that the hypothetical State has a long history of ra-
cial discrimination, which continues to show up, in mani-
fold ways, in social conditions and political activity. So Sec-
tion 2 (before today) would have stopped the hypothesized
cracking plan and, in so doing, worked as Congress in-
tended -- to give Black voters no less a chance than their
White neighbors to participate in the political process and
elect their preferred representatives.
And my hypothetical is not so different from the Louisi-
ana districting scheme that was challenged in the dilution
suit underlying this case. It is just that instead of arguing
about the need for one majority-minority district, the plain-
tiffs in that suit were asserting the need for a second. As
the majority relates, Louisiana drew its post-2020 census
map with one mainly Black district and five mainly White
ones. See ante, at 11 -- 12. (For context, Louisiana's popula-
tion is about one-third African American.) The dilution
plaintiffs alleged that there was another natural (i.e., polit-
ically cohesive and geographically contiguous) Black-major-
ity district which the Louisiana Legislature had effectively
cracked. See ante, at 15 (showing the plaintiffs' proposed
district). The residents of that possible district wound up
dispersed among the State's other districts, where (given
racially polarized voting) their preferences would count for
nothing. According to the plaintiffs, that plan violated Sec-
tion 2 by giving Black voters less opportunity than their
White counterparts to elect representatives of their choice.
Based on a voluminous record, including mountains of
statistical data and five days of testimony, the District
Court found that the plaintiffs were likely to prevail. See
Robinson v. Ardoin, 605 F. Supp. 3d 759, 766 (MD La.
2022). Their proposed second district -- in which Black vot-
ers could "easily" form a majority -- was reasonably config-
ured according to traditional districting criteria. Id., at
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

KAGAN, J., dissenting

821; see id., at 827 -- 831. And without that district, Black
voters' choices would be swamped: The evidence showed
that as few as 12% of White voters in Louisiana would sup-
port Black-preferred candidates in statewide contests. Id.,
at 841 -- 842. With the Gingles preconditions thus satisfied,
the court assessed the totality of the circumstances and
found that it, too, supported relief. See, e.g., 605
F. Supp. 3d, at 845 (recounting, among other things, the
State's long history of racial discrimination, including that
"Louisiana has never had a Black Congressperson elected
from a non-majority-Black district"). And so the court or-
dered the State to draw a new map.
The court thus applied, in an altogether unexceptionable
way, the framework used for the last 40 years to evaluate
Section 2 vote-dilution claims. The court followed Gingles,
along with the two fistfuls of this Court's decisions affirm-
ing its framework. See supra, at 20 -- 21. And most crucially,
the court followed Section 2 itself, because all our prior de-
cisions faithfully implemented the fundamental choice Con-
gress made in amending that section: to make liability turn
(as the Court did in White) not on the motives behind but
on the "results" of an electoral practice like districting.
III
The majority today does just the opposite. Under the
guise of "updat[ing]" the Gingles framework, ante, at 26, 29,
32, the majority transforms it -- and in so doing, betrays
Congress's choice. At each of Gingles's steps, the majority
imposes new proof requirements, serving a common objec-
tive: to convert an effects test, as commanded by Congress,
into a purpose test, as preferred by this Court. Nearly half
a century ago, Congress amended Section 2 to repudiate
Bolden's limitation of that provision's reach to intentional
discrimination. See supra, at 13 -- 16. Today's decision re-
turns Section 2 to what it was under Bolden. Now, as then,
vote-dilution plaintiffs will have to show more than vote
24 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

dilution: They will have to show, as well, race-based motive.
Now, as then, that requirement will make success in their
suits nearly impossible, even if an electoral practice has in
fact "minimize[d] or cancel[ed] out" minority citizens' "vot-
ing strength." Allen, 599 U. S., at 25. It is as if Congress had never amended Section
2. I first show how that is the consequence of today's "up-
dating"; I then address how the majority attempts to justify
what it has done. The upshot is that the majority, without
any good reason, has overturned Congress's studied deter-
mination -- along with this Court's precedents upholding
it -- about how to rectify racial inequalities in electoral poli-
tics.
A
Let's first drop the majority's misleading label. What the
majority gives us today is not an "updated Gingles frame-
work." Ante, at 32. It is its own thing, deserving of its own
name. Maybe the Callais contrivance? Or if that seems too
immediately pejorative, just say that what the majority
does today is to impose the Callais requirements.
At their base, all those requirements have the same func-
tion: They force a vote-dilution plaintiff to prove that a
State adopted an election rule with racially discriminatory
intent. On the majority's view, a rule diluting minority
votes -- even making them count for nothing -- poses no
problem if motivated by "nonracial factors." Ante, at 24. So
a State has free rein to "use traditional districting factors"
even when they minimize or cancel out minority votes.
Ibid. And yet more practically important, a State may (so
says the majority) draw districts for any political purpose,
including for a purely "partisan purpose" -- that is, to in-
crease one party's electoral strength -- no matter their racial
effects. Ante, at 25. For that reason, the majority insists, a
Section 2 plaintiff has "a special burden to overcome." Ibid.
25

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the NAACP, (2024) and Cooper, 581 U. S., at
308). The plaintiff "must disentangle race from politics by
proving that the former drove a district's lines." Ante, at 25. In other words, he must show
that the State, in drawing that district, had not a political
but instead a racial motivation -- that it acted for the spe-
cific purpose of weakening a minority group's voting influ-
ence. The new Callais requirements, as I'll soon discuss,
are all (concededly) designed to ensure that the plaintiff is
held to that "special burden" -- which, as the Congress
amending Section 2 well understood, is nearly insuperable.5
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 In responding to this dissent, the majority (on its opinion's penulti-

mate page) appears to disclaim this reading. The majority notes first
(and this is true enough) that "the dissent states over and over again that
our decision requires a plaintiff to prove discriminatory intent." Ante,
at 35. And then the majority's response: No, a vote-dilution plaintiff need
show only that a redistricting "denies members of a racial group the same
'opportunity' as other voters to elect the candidates they prefer." Ibid.
That formulation is right, and as shown above, it demands an inquiry
into the effects of a scheme on voters' opportunity to elect candidates. See
supra, at 14 -- 15, 17 -- 22. Similarly, the majority claims that it is doing
just what White did. See ante, at 35. And White, recall, made an "in-
tensely local appraisal" of whether an electoral scheme, when "overlaid"
on historical, social, and political "realities," in fact operated to dilute
minority voting strength -- in other words, applied an effects test. See
supra, at 10 -- 12, and. So the majority closes its opinion by suggest-
ing it is not requiring a vote-dilution plaintiff to present evidence of "dis-
criminatory intent." Ante, at 35. Which, if true, would be welcome news.
And welcomer still if lower courts took those last words seriously and
allowed Section 2 claims to succeed even absent proof of race-based pur-
pose. But I suspect they will not. Because they, like I, will have read the
many pages leading up to the majority's coda. And those pages, both in
setting out and in explaining the Callais requirements, make clear that
a Section 2 plaintiff has a "special burden" to "demonstrate" that racial
rather than political (or other) reasons "drove a district's lines" -- i.e., that
"the State intentionally drew its districts to afford minority voters less
opportunity." Ante, at 25 -- 26, 29. So what the majority
hopes to accomplish by its last-minute attempt to associate itself with an
effects inquiry is something of a mystery. To try to disguise what it is
26 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

But before becoming so granular, it is worth asking what
precedents support the majority's insistence on evidence of
racially discriminatory intent. By now, I hope, no reader
will think those precedents concern Section 2. Our Section
2 precedents are quite to the contrary: It is "patently clear,"
Allen recently summarized, that because Section 2 liability
"turns on the presence of discriminatory effects, not dis-
criminatory intent," a plaintiff need not demonstrate a
"purpose of racial discrimination." 599 U. S., at 25. So the majority must go
further afield. Its citations regarding the plaintiff 's "spe-
cial burden" of showing that race rather than politics (or
anything else) motivated the State are from this Court's ra-
cial-gerrymandering jurisprudence. See ante, at 25. But racial gerrymandering claims
and vote-dilution claims are, despite some superficial simi-
larities, different legal beasts. Contra, ante, at 36 (confus-
ing and conflating the two). Plaintiffs bringing the former
need not have suffered vote dilution, nor do they invoke Sec-
tion 2. Their claim is simply that purposeful racial sort-
ing -- all on its own, irrespective of any vote-minimizing ef-
fects -- violates the Fourteenth Amendment.6 In such a case
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
really doing? To somehow absolve itself of responsibility? Or could it
just be that, in responding to this dissent, the majority can do nothing
but agree?
6 The first case to recognize a racial gerrymandering claim was Shaw

v. Reno, (1993). There, five White residents objected to the
North Carolina Legislature's decision to create two majority-Black dis-
tricts. But the plaintiffs did not -- and could not -- argue that the map
diluted their votes. See id., at 641. Instead, they contended that the
legislature's "deliberate [race-based] segregation of voters" violated their
Fourteenth Amendment right to "a color-blind electoral process." Id., at
641 -- 642. The Court held that the plaintiffs had a "cognizable claim" -- 
that the Fourteenth Amendment could be violated by such intentional
sorting. Id., at 634. And later decisions elaborated that a racial gerry-
mandering claim would trigger strict scrutiny if a plaintiff "prove[d] that
race was the predominant factor motivating" the drawing of district
lines. Cooper v. Harris, (2017).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 27

KAGAN, J., dissenting

(as I have elsewhere explained), it is of course essential to
have proof of race-based purpose. See Cooper, 581 U. S., at
291 -- 292, 308. But not so when the claim is for vote dilution,
brought under a statute that (in Allen's words again)
"clearly rejected treating discriminatory intent as a re-
quirement for liability." 599 U. S., at 37. In that context,
putting a burden on the plaintiff to show that district lines
were "driven by" racial rather than political (or other) fac-
tors, ante, at 29, is to reject everything this Court has ever
said about Congress's Section 2 choice.
The majority's misplaced focus on purpose shows up first,
and most critically, in its recasting of the first Gingles pre-
condition. That threshold requirement, as the majority
acknowledges, has always functioned to ensure that a mi-
nority community is large and geographically compact
enough to elect a representative of its choice in a reasonably
configured district. See ante, at 8, 29; supra, at 18 -- 19. So
the illustrative maps most vote-dilution plaintiffs submit
show exactly that -- how a reasonable majority-minority dis-
trict could be created. But now, the majority says, the first
precondition must be devoted to flushing out discriminatory
purpose on the part of the State, by excluding the possibility
that its districting plan arose from nonracial motives. See
ante, at 29 -- 30. So the plaintiffs' alternative maps have to
satisfy (as well or better than the State's own) every per-
missible districting criterion the State specifies, includ-
ing -- and this is the kicker -- all its "political goals." Ibid.
Those goals include the "partisan distribution" of districts
within the State -- say, that six seats should be held by one
party and none by the other. Ibid. Likewise, they appar-
ently encompass the partisan balance within any district -- 
say, to ensure "a specific margin of victory" for a candidate.
Ibid. Only if the plaintiffs' maps "achieve [all those] goals
just as well" as the State's plan, the majority intones, can
those maps "help to 'disentangle race' from politics" -- or,
otherwise said, show that the State's plan was "driven by
28 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

racial" motives. Ibid..
That change alone is likely to bring vote-dilution suits
(already hard to win) to a screeching halt. To see how, re-
turn to the circle hypothetical -- until now, the paradigmatic
case of vote dilution, because the State there prevents Black
(but not White) voters from having an opportunity to elect
their preferred representative, as Section 2 demands. See
supra, at 1 -- 2. The legislature, recall, has sliced the major-
ity-Black circle district into six pie pieces, with each added
to (and only marginally affecting) a predominantly-White
district. Before today, the first Gingles precondition is met
with ease, just with a picture of the old district: Yes, that
picture would say, Black voters can form -- in fact, have
formed -- a majority in a district drawn consistent with tra-
ditional principles. See supra, at 21. But after today? Sup-
pose the State, per the majority's instructions, asserts that
it cracked the African American electorate because it wants
six safe Republican districts. Now the plaintiffs' illustra-
tive map, insists the majority, must also have six safe Re-
publican districts. But given that race and partisan prefer-
ence are linked (with Black citizens mainly voting
Democratic), such a map cannot be drawn. Any map with
a majority-Black district will not be a map with all Repub-
lican seats. And so, the majority decides, a Section 2 suit
must fail at the outset -- even though the State has deprived
Black citizens of any opportunity to elect representatives of
their choice. At least where such common race-based voting
patterns hold, States now have an automatic political-ger-
rymandering defense to vote-dilution claims.
Yet more, the majority's reworking of Gingles's first pre-
condition (contra its assurance) will doom vote-dilution
suits even when majority and minority voters support dif-
ferent candidates within a single party. Take an example
offered by the Solicitor General, whose ideas about how to
upend Gingles the majority largely filches. See Brief for
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 29

KAGAN, J., dissenting

United States as Amicus Curiae 20 -- 31. In that hypothet-
ical, Black, Hispanic, and White voters residing in Harlem
all vote mainly for Democrats, but have "different candi-
dates of choice." Tr. of Oral Arg. 119. The Solicitor General
maintains that if the district lines "favor one of those ra-
cial groups" -- let's say, the Black voters -- "that's the sort of
situation where Section 2 could come in." Ibid. The major-
ity agrees, because there the State's preference for one
party could not explain the district lines drawn. See ante,
at 27, 29 -- 30. But under the majority's test, the legislature
could easily invoke other political, as well as non-political,
goals to justify the lines and thus preclude liability. Sup-
pose the State asserted that it drew the lines to protect an
incumbent, who just so happened to be favored by Black
residents. Or suppose the State said it wanted to increase
(or decrease or maintain) the district's partisan competi-
tiveness (created by its ratio of Democrats to Republicans),
which just coincidentally gave Black voters more influence.
Or suppose the State said that it wished to keep the existing
district's core intact (itself a frequent districting criterion,
see ante, at 24), rather than make the changes needed to
give non-Black voters greater electoral opportunity. The
possibilities are endless. And each would have the same
result. Because a Section 2 plaintiff 's map could not as well
advance the bespoke political (or other) goal(s) favoring the
Black voters' chosen candidate, the suit would fail -- even if
non-Black votes, election year in and election year out, had
been made to count for nothing.
Congress, as should by now be clear, made a different
choice. In amending Section 2, Congress opted for the ef-
fects test of White over the purpose test of Bolden. See su-
pra, at 13 -- 16. And it did so largely because of the unfeasi-
bility of countering a State's non-race-based justification for
a given districting decision. See supra, at 15 -- 16. Such a
demand, the authors of the Senate compromise explained,
would impose "an inordinately difficult burden," precluding
30 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

a remedy for even the most "egregious" cases of vote dilu-
tion. Senate Report, at 36 -- 37. Yet that is exactly the bur-
den the majority makes Section 2 plaintiffs bear -- and at
the first threshold condition. The majority makes no effort
to explain how minority voters can meet its new require-
ment. How they can devise a map satisfying (at least as
well as the State's own) each of the State's asserted political
and other goals while also creating (or maintaining) a ma-
jority-minority district.7 Or assuming they cannot draw
such a map, whether they may produce other evidence of
racially discriminatory motive to meet (or else bypass) the
first Callais requirement. Or if they may offer such evi-
dence, how (if at all) it might differ from the kind generally
needed to prevail in a racial gerrymandering suit -- i.e., "di-
rect evidence," like "leaked e-mails" from legislators pro-
fessing the desire to reduce a racial group's voting strength.
Alexander, 602 U. S., at 8. Presumably, the majority thinks
that the details do not much matter. Once Section 2 has
been transformed, via a change to Gingles's first
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 If that assignment does not sound fanciful enough, the majority im-

poses yet a weirder requirement on plaintiffs' maps -- and one Allen spe-
cifically rejected. "[I]n drawing illustrative maps," today's majority
holds, "plaintiffs cannot use race." Ante, at 29; see ibid. ("[A]n illustra-
tive map in which race was used has no value in proving a plaintiff 's
case"). What exactly the majority means by "use" is left unclear. But
assuming the majority means to bar plaintiffs from taking account of
race when showing how a majority-minority district could be created, it
is both incoherent and inconsistent with Section 2 and Gingles. I cannot
do better than Allen did in explaining why. In that case, Alabama took
much the view the majority does: that a Section 2 plaintiff 's illustrative
maps "cannot have been 'based' on race." 599 U. S., at 24. But Allen
spurned the notion. "Section 2 itself demands consideration of race," we
explained, because its implementation requires knowing "whether addi-
tional majority-minority districts can be drawn." Id., at 30 -- 31 (emphasis
in original). And indeed, we continued, "[t]hat is the whole point" of the
maps "adduced at the first step of Gingles." Id., at 33 (emphasis deleted).
To say that those maps must be "race-blind" is thus to "reject [the Gin-
gles] framework outright" -- really, to insist that it "be overruled." Ibid.
Quite right.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 31

KAGAN, J., dissenting

precondition, from a ban on racially dilutive effects (à la
White) to a ban on race-based motives (à la Bolden), virtu-
ally all vote-dilution cases will fail anyway. The majority
has thus nullified Congress's decision to provide a remedy,
without proof of intent, for state action that "results in" a
minority group's lesser opportunity "to elect representa-
tives.".
But the majority is not yet done thwarting Congress's ob-
jective. Maybe in some exceptional case, a State will fail to
assert a goal, like political gerrymandering, that the plain-
tiff 's map cannot replicate. Then, the majority's makeover
of the second and third Gingles preconditions comes into
play, again to convert Section 2 into its opposite -- a statute
turning on discriminatory intent, not effects. Contra, Allen,
599 U. S., at 25 (" turns on the presence of discriminatory
effects, not discriminatory intent"). Until today, the second
and third preconditions focused simply on racially polarized
voting: Plaintiffs had to show that minority citizens vote co-
hesively, but cannot elect their preferred candidates be-
cause majority citizens vote as a bloc for others. See supra,
at 18 -- 19. Now the majority introduces a new requirement
to impede Section 2 suits: "[T]he plaintiffs must provide an
analysis that controls for party affiliation." Ante, at 30.
That means if minority citizens vote mainly for one party
and majority citizens vote mainly for another, none of that
difference can count toward meeting the second and third
preconditions. So in offering evidence of polarized voting
preferences, a plaintiff must remove from the equation...
polarized voting preferences. For in most places (even if not
in Harlem), partisan difference is the way those divergent
preferences are expressed -- and the way one racial group's
vote can swamp another's, again and again. The majority
argues that its new requirement is needed to rule out the
possibility that the State districted as it did for partisan,
rather than racial, reasons. See ibid. But the State's intent
is not what is supposed to matter in a Section 2 suit.
32 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

Congress amended Section 2 (need I say again?) to ensure
that it would function as an effects test. The majority
wishes a different statute, and makes it so.8
And so too for Section 2's "totality of circumstances" in-
quiry.. Should some litigant miraculously arrive
at that stage of a vote-dilution suit, he will find it trans-
formed. The "totality" test, today's majority insists, must
focus on only one thing: "intentional present-day voting dis-
crimination." Ante, at 31. But that is neither what Con-
gress said nor what Congress meant when it added the
phrase "totality of circumstances" -- obviously referring to
multiple things -- to Section 2. See Allen, 599 U. S., at 26 (A
"single-minded" concentration on "only one circumstance"
"cannot be squared with [Section 2's] demand"). Derived
from White, that phrase demands the kind of "intensely lo-
cal appraisal" the Court there used to evaluate a districting
plan's "impact" on a minority group's access to the political
process. 412 U. S., at 769 -- 770. That appraisal of course
included evidence relating to "intentional present-day vot-
ing discrimination." Ante, at 31. But it included as well the
continuing effects of past discrimination -- and not only in
politics but in other spheres of life. See White, 412 U. S., at
767 -- 769; supra, at 11 -- 12. The majority's flattening of the
prescribed inquiry mirrors Bolden's conversion of White
into a test for illicit motive. See supra, at 12 -- 13. But it was
precisely to reverse that shift that Congress enacted Sec-
tion 2's current "totality" language.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 As with the first Callais requirement, see supra, at 30 -- 31, the major-

ity does not address whether plaintiffs can bypass this second require-
ment if they have evidence that the districting decision was "driven by
racial considerations," ante, at 29. In other words, what happens if the
second Callais requirement is unsatisfied (because race and partisan
preference go hand in hand) but there is still evidence that race "drove"
the "district's lines"? Ante, at 25, 36. Presumably the claim should be
able to proceed to the "totality" test, but the majority leaves us guessing.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 33

KAGAN, J., dissenting

The consequences of the new Callais requirements show
up immediately, in the majority's disposition of this case.
The District Court may have heard five days of testimony;
may have properly applied the (old) Gingles factors; may
have explained in 110 fact-intensive pages why the vote-di-
lution plaintiffs were likely to prevail. See supra, at 22 -- 23.
But the majority thinks it "eas[y]" to overturn all that
court's work in a few paragraphs. Ante, at 32. The plain-
tiffs flunked the (new) first Gingles precondition because
their illustrative map, although showing a reasonably con-
figured majority-minority district, "fail[ed] to meet the
State's political goal" of protecting every incumbent Re-
publican Representative. Ante, at 33. The plaintiffs came
up short on the (new) second and third preconditions be-
cause their showing of racially polarized voting -- "that
black and white voters consistently supported different can-
didates" -- "did not control for partisan preferences." Ante,
at 34. And anyway, the plaintiffs could not prevail under
the (new) "totality of circumstances" test because they did
not show "that the State's challenged map was the result of
intentional racial discrimination"; all the plaintiffs' evi-
dence -- like the dearth of Black-preferred candidates ever
elected in the State -- could just be the result of "politics."
Ante, at 34 -- 35. Bang, bang, bang. It is like shooting fish
in a barrel. Once the State can rely on any political goal of
its devising -- and once "inter-party racial polarization"
serves to "undercut" rather than "strengthen" a vote-dilu-
tion claim -- no plausibly existing evidence in this case could
have made a difference. Ante, at 30, 34 (emphasis deleted).
And nothing is special about this majority-minority dis-
trict; as the Callais requirements have eliminated it today,
so they will eliminate other and older ones in the years to
come. Recall that this majority-Black district (which is Dis-
trict 6) was Louisiana's second. See supra, at 22 -- 23. The
State's District 2 has had a Black majority since 1983, when
a vote-dilution suit forced its creation. If Louisiana were
34 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

tomorrow to slice up District 2, dispersing its Black resi-
dents among the rest, it is hard to see how the now judi-
cially amended Section 2 could stand in the way. The State
presumably would assert as its "political goal" an all-Re-
publican congressional delegation; in other words, it would
announce a partisan gerrymander. Ante, at 25, 33. And
because of the severe racial polarization in the State, that
goal would be incompatible with maintaining District 2 as
is. So those advocating for its majority-minority composi-
tion would almost surely lose at the first Callais require-
ment (and, as above, at the others as well). Repeated often
enough across the country, the same districting practice -- 
really, hinging only on the partisan ambitions (or restraint)
of state legislatures -- could destroy most of the majority-
minority districts that in the past 40 years the Voting
Rights Act created. The Callais requirements have thus
laid the groundwork for the largest reduction in minority
representation since the era following Reconstruction. Un-
der cover of "updat[ing]" and "realign[ing]" this greatest of
statutes, ante, at 29, the majority makes a nullity of Section
2 and threatens a half-century's worth of gains in voting
equality.
B
There is only one "special burden" appropriate to deciding
this case. Ante, at 25. And it is not the utterly novel one
that the majority imposes on Section 2 vote-dilution plain-
tiffs to "disentangle" state motives. Ibid. Rather, it is the
well-settled one that the Court itself must meet before over-
turning precedent about the meaning of a statute. Our law
is clear. Stare decisis -- the presumption that "today's Court
should stand by yesterday's decisions" -- "carries enhanced
force" when the decision in question "interprets a statute."
Kimble v. Marvel Entertainment, LLC, -- 
456 (2015). That is because our statutory, unlike our con-
stitutional, rulings can always be changed by Congress
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 35

KAGAN, J., dissenting

itself. See id., at 456. (Just recall how Congress rejected
our decision in Bolden.) When this Court has said what a
statute means -- and Congress has said nothing to the con-
trary -- a "superpowered form of stare decisis" takes hold,
which only a "superspecial justification" can overcome. Id.,
at 458. Or, as one Justice has put it, there is in that cir-
cumstance a "nearly impregnable... shield" protecting the
decision. Minerva Surgical, Inc. v. Hologic, Inc., (2021) (ALITO, J., dissenting).
This Court, as noted above, invoked that shield to uphold
Gingles just three Terms ago. See supra, at 20 -- 21. In Al-
len, Alabama proposed a way of limiting Gingles to make it
harder to win a vote-dilution suit. We responded that "Con-
gress is undoubtedly aware" of how this Court has con-
strued Section 2. 599 U. S., at 39. And, we said, "[i]t can
change that if it likes." Ibid. "But until and unless it does,
statutory stare decisis counsels our staying the course."
Ibid. ; see also 599 U. S.,
at 42, 43, (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in part) (invok-
ing "stringent statutory stare decisis" rules and noting that
"[i]n the past 37 years" Congress "ha[s] not disturbed Gin-
gles"). And if that's not enough (though why not?), then
there's this. JUSTICE ALITO dissented in Allen in a way that
prefigured today's opinion, proposing there that the Gingles
framework be changed to reflect his own views about Sec-
tion 2's text and constitutional context. See 599 U. S., at
103 -- 104, 108 -- 109; compare ante, at 20 -- 26. The Court
noted his argument that "[t]he Gingles framework should
be [re]interpreted" -- and then said no. 599 U. S., at 39,. "[A]s we have explained," the
Court stated, "Gingles effectuates the delicate legislative
bargain that embodies." Ibid.; see id., at 17 -- 19; supra,
at 13 -- 15. "And statutory stare decisis," the Court con-
cluded, "counsels strongly in favor of not undoing" that
"compromise." 599 U. S., at 39, (alteration omitted).
Apparently, though, statutory stare decisis is now done
36 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

"counsel[ing]," id., at 39, and ; it is not so much as men-
tioned in today's opinion.
That void is more remarkable still given Allen's own re-
affirmation of Gingles on the merits (even putting aside its
precedential status). Just control-find for all my citations
of Allen (or better yet read the decision), and you will have
a good idea of its character. In addition to awarding Gingles
the highest form of stare decisis protection, Allen (1) traced
the history of Section 2's amendment as I have, focusing on
Congress's rejection of Bolden's motive inquiry in favor of
White's effects test, see 599 U. S., at 10 -- 14; (2) explained as
I have how each part of the Gingles framework functions
and how the Court has used that framework "[f]or the past
forty years" "in one case after another," 599 U. S., at 17 -- 
19; (3) showed how the District Court's analysis (which
closely resembles the one here) conformed in all respects to
Gingles, see 599 U. S., at 19 -- 23;9 and (4) rejected the no-
tions that the Gingles framework should not apply to single-
member districting or that it violates the Fifteenth Amend-
ment, see 599 U. S., at 38 -- 42; infra, at 41. The majority's
main claim for why Allen nonetheless has no relevance here
is that the decision "was about" Alabama's "specific argu-
ment" that a vote-dilution suit could succeed only if the
State's map deviated from a "race-neutral benchmark."
Ante, at 31. Well, sure, Allen was about that too. And in
rebuffing that argument, it used reasoning that equally dis-
credits the new Callais requirements.10 But even put that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 In that part of the opinion, the Court took note of JUSTICE THOMAS's

complaint that "what the District Court did here is essentially no differ-
ent from what many courts have done for decades under this Court's su-
perintendence." 599 U. S., at 26, (dissenting opinion). The Court's
one-sentence response: "That is not such a bad definition of stare decisis."
Ibid.
10 That is so because Alabama's proposed "race-neutral benchmark"
and the majority's Callais requirements operate on the same (mistaken)
logic. Alabama's premise in urging the benchmark's adoption was that
race-neutral reasons for districting should defeat a Section 2 suit; the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 37

KAGAN, J., dissenting

aside. The key point here is that at every step of its multi-
step analysis, and in every part of its multi-part opinion,
Allen reaffirmed Gingles -- the old Gingles, with its old un-
derstanding of what Congress did when amending Section
2. So Allen, too, demands that today's majority, before mu-
tilating Gingles, possess a "superspecial justification."
Kimble, 576 U. S., at 458.
And it does not have one. Not a superspecial justification;
not a special justification; not even an ordinary decent jus-
tification. On the statute's text, on the statute's constitu-
tional context, and on "historical developments" post-dating
the statute -- the majority fails at every turn. Ante, at 26.
The majority's textual analysis is long and winding and,
in its crucial move, wholly non-textual. The majority tells
us it will interpret the phrase "less opportunity than other
members of the electorate... to elect representatives of
their choice." ; see ante, at 20. It then says a
number of things, to no apparent effect, about the compo-
nent terms "opportunity," "other members of the elec-
torate," and "elect." Ante, at 20 -- 21. And then, the majority
puts all that aside and begins to free solo. See ante, at 21 -- 
22. What the provision promises minority voters, the ma-
jority says in the critical passage, is -- and is only -- "what-
ever opportunity results from the application of the State's

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
benchmark would show whether a districting plan in fact derived from
such reasons, or instead from impermissible race-based ones. See Allen,
599 U. S., at 23 -- 24; Brief for Appellants in Allen v. Milligan, O. T. 2022,
Nos. 21 -- 1086, 21 -- 1087, pp. 43 -- 46, 75. The Callais requirements are dif-
ferent in form but not in function: They too are designed to disentangle
race-based from race-neutral (e.g., partisan) reasons, on the (selfsame)
view that Section 2 liability should attach only to the former. See ante,
at 25, 29 -- 30, 32. It is, then, not surprising that Allen's primary ground
for rejecting Alabama's benchmark also defeats the Callais require-
ments. Allen responded that " turns on the presence of discriminatory
effects, not discriminatory intent." 599 U. S., at 25. So it would not mat-
ter that the benchmark (and likewise the majority's alternative mecha-
nism) suggested race-neutral motives.
38 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

combination of permissible criteria." Ante, at 22. Can you
find that in the "less opportunity" phrase? What the major-
ity means is that if the State has used non-race-based cri-
teria (whether political or non-political) to draw its dis-
tricts, then Section 2 has nothing to say. Even though those
criteria produce a world (think about my cracked circle dis-
trict) in which minority voters, compared to their White
neighbors, have "less opportunity" to "elect representatives
of their choice," a vote-dilution claim cannot prevail.. That can only happen, according to the major-
ity's view, when the district lines arise from "[im]permissi-
ble," race-based criteria -- that is, when the State's evident
intent was to strip minority voters of their opportunity to
elect. Ante, at 22. With that interpretation in mind, read
Congress's "less opportunity" phrase again. It is miles
away.
And of course it is. Because, once more, the "less oppor-
tunity" standard was designed to focus on the "results" of a
state practice, not on its justifications.. Congress
had seen again and again -- when it amended Section 2 in
1982, had seen for over a century -- how race-neutral elec-
tion procedures, including in districting, could produce dis-
criminatory results. See supra, at 7 -- 8, 13, 15. Congress
knew States did not have to rely on impermissible, race-
based criteria to "minimize or cancel out [minority] vot-
ing strength." Allen, 599 U. S., at 25. So when this Court
decided Bolden -- which immunized race-neutral election
procedures unless a plaintiff could produce smoking-gun
evidence of discriminatory intent -- Congress responded. It
did not, as I've described, opt for proportional representa-
tion; it enacted a standard that would take some work to
meet. See ; supra, at 19 -- 20. But it most assuredly
did not amend Section 2 to give minority citizens only
"whatever" the "application of the State's combination of
permissible" (i.e., "nonracial") "criteria" produced. Ante, at
22, 24.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 39

KAGAN, J., dissenting

So the majority must turn elsewhere, and it next lands
on the Constitution. There, it begins in settled territory.
The Fifteenth Amendment, all agree, prohibits only pur-
poseful discrimination. See ante, at 23. But that amend-
ment, in addition, grants Congress the power to enforce it
by "appropriate legislation." Even the majority concedes
that grant enables Congress to go further than the Amend-
ment would -- to prohibit things by legislation that the
Amendment itself does not. See ante, at 22 -- 23. The im-
portant issue is how far and how much. And here the ma-
jority makes an unprecedented claim. It contends that to
"ensure" compliance with the Fifteenth Amendment, Sec-
tion 2 must be construed to impose liability only when the
circumstances create a "strong inference" of intentional dis-
crimination. Ante, at 23. And more, the majority makes
clear that the circumstances will not do so when the State
can point to any remotely plausible race-neutral justifica-
tion -- whether political or non-political -- for the district
lines it has drawn. See ante, at 24 ("Properly understood,"
Section 2 "does not intrude on States' prerogative to draw
districts based on nonracial factors"). That is so regardless
of how discriminatory its districting is in operation -- even
to the point of "eliminating" in one fell swoop "all majority-
minority districts." Ante, at 23.11
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 Note that the majority's constitutional analysis is based only on the

Fifteenth Amendment, and not at all on the Fourteenth. I would not
ordinarily think to make that blazingly obvious point. But in a second
attempt to distinguish this case from Allen (see supra, at 21, for the
first unsuccessful one), the majority insists that whereas "Allen did not
discuss the Fourteenth Amendment," "[h]ere, by contrast, [the Four-
teenth Amendment] is the linchpin of this suit." Ante, at 32. That is not
so, at least in any way that matters to the majority's analysis. The Four-
teenth Amendment serves as the entryway to that analysis, because the
suit in fact before us presents a racial gerrymandering claim. But as I
have described, the majority opts to decide that Fourteenth Amendment
claim by focusing on the earlier Section 2 vote-dilution claim from which
it arose. See supra, at 17,. The only Fourteenth Amendment
40 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

I just called that claim "unprecedented," and so it is: The
majority has conjured it out of thin air. From before Section
2 was amended until today, Congress was understood to
have constitutional power to ban practices resulting in un-
equal voting opportunities, irrespective of proof of racial
motive. And likewise, Congress was understood to have
power to prohibit vote-diluting practices even when a State
could proffer some sort of plausible race-neutral justifica-
tion. In this Court's seminal decisions, we explained that
the phrase "appropriate legislation" in the Fifteenth
Amendment grants Congress "the same broad powers ex-
pressed in the Necessary and Proper Clause." Katzenbach
v. Morgan, (1966); see Katzenbach, 383
U. S., at 325 -- 327. So Congress has "discretion" to deter-
mine "whether and what legislation is needed to secure" the
Amendment's "guarantees." Morgan, 384 U. S., at 651.
And that discretion, as critical here, extends to "outlaw[ing]
voting practices that are discriminatory in effect," without
proof of intent. City of Rome, 446 U. S., at 173. In explain-
ing why, this Court first underscored the connection be-
tween past discriminatory intent and present discrimina-
tory results: Congress, we held, could decide that some
unintentional state action works to "freeze the effect of past
[purposeful] discrimination." Id., at 176. And that was not
all. Congress also could enact an effects test, we held, as
the appropriate way of preventing current intentional dis-
crimination -- a sort of prophylactic rule responding to the
"risk" (often made reality in American history) of a State's
using ostensibly race-neutral practices to cover

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
"holding" here is that a court may not draw race-based district lines with-
out a compelling interest -- something we have made plain many times
before. See ante, at 8 -- 11. The real work of the opinion is in deciding
that compliance with Section 2 could not have given Louisiana a compel-
ling interest because that provision, as construed today, did not require
any change to the State's map. And that analysis is based only on Sec-
tion 2 and the Fifteenth Amendment -- exactly the subjects Allen covered.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 41

KAGAN, J., dissenting

impermissible goals. See id., at 177; see also Katzenbach,
383 U. S., at 309, 335.
And if those decisions are too ancient for today's majority,
it should consider (again) Allen, from three Terms ago.
There, Alabama made an argument, similar to the major-
ity's, that the effects-based framework of Section 2 and Gin-
gles too far strayed from the Fifteenth Amendment's ban on
intentional discrimination. We stomped on that objection.
"[T]he prior decisions of this Court," we stated, "foreclose
any argument that Congress may not, pursuant to [of the
Fifteenth Amendment], outlaw voting practices that are
discriminatory in effect." 599 U. S., at 41; see id., at 45
(opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.) ("[T]he constitutional argument
presented by Alabama is not persuasive in light of the
Court's precedents"). Section 2's "ban on electoral changes
that are discriminatory in effect," we continued, "is an ap-
propriate method of promoting the purposes of the Fif-
teenth Amendment." Id., at 41. And if that were not
enough, one final way of driving home the point: "[W]e are
not persuaded" by the view that the "effects test" of Section
2 "as interpreted in Gingles exceeds the remedial authority
of Congress." Ibid.
Those well-established precepts permit Congress to do
what Congress did when it amended Section 2 -- prohibit
electoral schemes based on their vote-diluting effects, re-
gardless whether a State could offer up some race-neutral
explanation. Congress then knew that it possessed such
enforcement power; our decisions settling the issue were
landmarks of the civil rights era. And Congress decided to
use its authority. It did not make asserted state interests
irrelevant: Those interests, indeed, had to be considered in
the "totality of circumstances" inquiry Congress prescribed.
; see supra, at 20. But neither did Congress make
those interests a nearly impregnable shield, as the majority
does today. It understood, just as the Court had, that even
race-neutral actions could perpetuate purposeful racial
42 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

discrimination. And it realized, again in the same vein as
the Court, that race-neutral explanations could conceal
race-based intent. See supra, at 15 -- 16. Today's majority
makes plain its disdain for those views. See ante, at 22 -- 26.
But the Fifteenth Amendment gave the power to enforce its
guarantees not to this Court but to Congress.
So the majority moves on again, now to a grab-bag of "de-
velopments" that it somehow thinks license it to rewrite a
statute. Ante, at 26 -- 29. The majority first summons the
slogan of Shelby County, in which the Court ordained itself
the arbiter of when civil rights laws are no longer needed.
" '[T]hings have changed dramatically,' " today's majority
echoes, pointing to increases in African American voting
registration and to the success of " 'African-Americans at-
tain[ing] political office' " -- "particularly in the South,
where many suits arise." Ante, at 26. No doubt that is so, in large
measure because of the Voting Rights Act. But it is a sepa-
rate question whether those gains will endure once the Act's
protections are gone. See Shelby County, 570 U. S., at 590
(Ginsburg, J., dissenting) (noting the fallacy of "throwing
away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not get-
ting wet"). And surely -- but apparently not -- the proper ac-
tor to answer that question is Congress. For one thing, it
likely has a fuller understanding of the issue. I will be in-
terested to see, for example, whether time will vindicate the
majority's view that the "great strides" made in African
American office-holding, "particularly in the South," will
hold up after the issuance of this opinion. Ante, at 26. My
own guess is not. See supra, at 33 -- 34. But honestly, the
American people pay no Member of this Court to make
those predictive policy judgments -- and more important,
the Constitution does not allow us to base our decisions on
them. It is for the people's representatives in Congress to
decide when the Nation need no longer worry about the di-
lution of minority voting strength. So long as Congress has
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 43

KAGAN, J., dissenting

not done so -- and it has not -- this Court has no right to can-
cel (sorry, "update") a duly enacted statute on the theory
that it knows better.
Indeed, the majority's "things have changed" stance here
is yet less defensible than in Shelby County. That is be-
cause Section 2, unlike the now-defunct Section 5, itself re-
sponds to change, so no external "fix" is needed. Section 5
selected jurisdictions for preclearance based on past condi-
tions; so if the provision's last authorization was many
years in the past, the mechanism could appear outdated.
See Shelby County, 570 U. S., at 551 ("Coverage today is
based on decades-old data and eradicated practices"). Sec-
tion 2, by contrast, does not run on historical data. Liability
attaches based only on present electoral practices and the
present discrimination they "result in.". A
plaintiff must prove that the political process is "not equally
open to participation" by all citizens at the time of suit; if he
cannot, he loses. Ibid. There is thus no danger, as Shelby
County put it, that "current burdens" are not "justified by
current needs." 570 U. S., at 536. Under Section 2, they
must be.
The Gingles preconditions yet further anchor Section 2
suits in the here-and-now by working as built-in sunset
clauses. The first precondition is met only if a racial group
is (in the present) geographically concentrated. See supra,
at 18 -- 19. That means as residential segregation decreases
in a State, Section 2 becomes unavailable as a remedy. See
Allen, 599 U. S., at 28 -- 29. Similarly, the second and third
preconditions can be satisfied only if voting (again, in the
present) is racially polarized. See supra, at 18 -- 19. So as
racial bloc voting recedes, Section 2 ceases to operate. And
racial desegregation and depolarization are not just possi-
ble in theory; they are happening in fact -- and at speed -- in
many parts of the country. See Brief for Nicholas O. Steph-
anopoulos as Amicus Curiae 16 -- 29. Consistent with those
trends, the number of successful Section 2 vote-dilution
44 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

suits (always fairly small) has declined every decade since
the statute was amended. Katz Brief 6. In short, as "things
change dramatically," Section 2 self-liquidates -- and to a
fair extent, it already has. But in the places where, because
of local conditions, the law continues to work, the Court has
no warrant to speed its demise.
Nor is the majority aided by what it terms the emergence
of a "full-blown two-party system" in "the States where 
suits are most common." Ante, at 27. As to that develop-
ment, the majority reiterates its persistent theme: When
racially polarized voting expresses itself in different party
preferences, district lines may reflect partisan rather than
racial motives, and so Section 2 should drop out of the pic-
ture. See ante, at 27, 30, 32. But as an initial matter, the
majority's newly formulated test will eliminate the lion's
share of Section 2 claims even when racially polarized vot-
ing occurs within a single party -- as in the Solicitor Gen-
eral's Harlem example, discussed above. See supra, at 28 -- 
29. The State could not then assert a partisan-gerryman-
dering defense, but it could invoke a host of other race-neu-
tral justifications, like incumbency protection or district
continuity, to ward off liability. In short, the majority's test
fails to save Section 2 even for the "intra-party [racial] dis-
parities" that the majority asserts Congress had in mind.
Ante, at 27.
And more fundamentally, the majority is wrong on its
history. By 1982 (the year of Section 2's amendment), Con-
gress well knew that "race is often correlated with party
preference," because that was increasingly the case. Ibid.
Senate hearings were replete with testimony about that
growing correlation, with opponents of the House's "results
in" language (Senator Hatch and his camp) questioning wit-
nesses about why "minority groups alone" should be "im-
mune to partisan or ideological gerrymandering." Senate
Report, at 184; see id., at 172, ; Hearings on S. 53 et
al. before the Subcomm. on the Constitution of the S.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 45

KAGAN, J., dissenting

Comm. on the Judiciary, 97th Cong., 2d Sess., 649, 964 -- 
965, 1255, 1376 -- 1377 (1982). But those proponents of Bol-
den, of course, did not get their way: The Dole proposal
maintained the House's emphasis on results, not motives.
See supra, at 14 -- 15. So the majority's appeal to an old "one-
party system," ante, at 27, like the rest of its insistence on
disentangling partisanship and race, works not to uphold
but instead to overthrow the bargain Congress made.
The last argument about "post-Gingles development[s]"
worth mentioning is also the most dispiriting. Ibid. Seven
years ago, this Court held in Rucho v. Common Cause, (2019), that claims of political gerrymandering
are not justiciable in federal court. That was, in my view,
an ill-considered decision, whose adverse effects have never
been more obvious than today, as this country's two major
parties compete in a race to the bottom. But to its (modest)
credit, the Rucho Court did not pretend that partisan ger-
rymanders were something in need of safeguarding. To the
contrary, the Court conceded that they were "incompatible
with democratic principles" and "lead to results that rea-
sonably seem unjust." Id., at 718. (The Court's rationale
was only that federal courts lack competence to deal with
gerrymanders, not that they were protected by law or ben-
eficial as policy.) Today, though, the majority straight-fac-
edly holds that the Voting Rights Act must be brought low
to make the world safe for partisan gerrymanders. See
ante, at 27 -- 28. For how else, the majority reasons, can we
preserve the authority of States to engage in this practice
than by stripping minority citizens of their rights to an
equal political process? See ibid. And with that, the major-
ity as much as invites States to embark on a new round of
partisan gerrymanders -- and makes an already bad prece-
dent into one still worse. It is not enough that Rucho has
harmed the whole body politic. Now, that decision also be-
comes the cudgel to diminish the rightful voting influence
of its minority citizens.
46 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

IV
Congress amended Section 2 to reverse this Court's deci-
sion in Bolden that the law barred only intentional racial
discrimination in voting. Based on a century of history,
Congress determined that such a limited ban would not be
enough to protect minority citizens' voting rights. The leg-
islation Congress enacted to correct Bolden emerged from
vigorous debate and careful compromise, based mainly on
this Court's decision in White. The new law denied a right
to proportional representation; it focused instead on the
"opportunity" that a given election practice granted minor-
ity citizens. But the requisite opportunity was not to be as-
sessed by a State's intent or by its proffered justifications.
Rather, the lawfulness of an election practice was to turn
on its "results" -- on whether it gave minority citizens a
lesser chance than their majority neighbors to participate
in politics and elect candidates. In making that choice, Con-
gress exercised its constitutional responsibility to enforce
the Fifteenth Amendment. And when called on to interpret
the new law, this Court -- from Gingles all the way through
Allen -- respected and implemented what Congress had
done.
Today's majority does not. Its supposed "updating" of
Gingles overthrows Congress's decision to make Section 2
liability hinge on an electoral practice's effects -- on how it
actually works. The new Callais requirements will effec-
tively insulate any practice, including any districting
scheme, said by a State to have any race-neutral justifica-
tion. That justification can sound in traditional districting
criteria, or else can sound in politics and partisanship. As
to the latter, the State need do nothing more than announce
a partisan gerrymander. Assuming the State has left be-
hind no smoking-gun evidence of a race-based motive (an
almost fanciful prospect), Section 2 will play no role.
"Whatever" -- whatever -- results from the State's asserted
justification is all its minority citizens are entitled to. Ante,
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 47

KAGAN, J., dissenting

at 22. Even if the State has deprived those citizens (but not
their majority neighbors) of all opportunity to "elect repre-
sentatives of their choice," the law will not protect them.. It is Bolden redux, despite Congress's repudia-
tion of that decision (and this Court's precedents honoring
that rejection). The majority has made its own assessment
of current needs, see ante, at 26 -- 28, and concluded that pre-
venting racial vote dilution does not count among them. So
once again, "in the absence of proof of intentional discrimi-
nation," the right to vote gives minority citizens "nothing
more than the right to cast meaningless ballots." Bolden,
446 U. S., at 104 (Marshall, J., dissenting).
The consequences are likely to be far-reaching and grave.
Today's decision renders Section 2 all but a dead letter. In
the States where that law continues to matter -- the States
still marked by residential segregation and racially polar-
ized voting -- minority voters can now be cracked out of the
electoral process. The decision here is about Louisiana's
District 6. But so too it is about Louisiana's District 2. See
supra, at 33 -- 34. And so too it is about the many other dis-
tricts, particularly in the South, that in the last half-cen-
tury have given minority citizens, and particularly African
Americans, a meaningful political voice. After today, those
districts exist only on sufferance, and probably not for long.
If other States follow Louisiana's lead, the minority citizens
residing there will no longer have an equal opportunity to
elect candidates of their choice. And minority representa-
tion in government institutions will sharply decline. At the
first stage of this judicial project to destroy the Voting
Rights Act, the Court maintained that Section 5 was no
longer needed because in recent decades "African-Ameri-
cans attained political office in record numbers." Shelby
County, 570 U. S., at 553; see id., at 549. At this last stage,
the Court's gutting of Section 2 puts that achievement in
peril. I dissent because Congress elected otherwise. I dis-
sent because the Court betrays its duty to faithfully
48 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

KAGAN, J., dissenting

implement the great statute Congress wrote. I dissent be-
cause the Court's decision will set back the foundational
right Congress granted of racial equality in electoral oppor-
tunity. I dissent.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 305 -- 320

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
February 26, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 305

Syllabus

WAETZIG v. HALLIBURTON ENERGY SERVICES,
INC.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the tenth circuit
No. 23 -- 971. Argued January 14, 2025 -- Decided February 26, 2025
Gary Waetzig fled a federal age-discrimination lawsuit against his former
employer Halliburton Energy Services, Inc. He later submitted his
claims for arbitration, and voluntarily dismissed his federal lawsuit
without prejudice under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 41(a). After
losing at arbitration, he asked the District Court to reopen his dismissed
lawsuit and vacate the arbitration award, asserting Federal Rule of
Civil Procedure 60(b) as the basis for reopening the suit. Federal Rule
of Civil Procedure 60(b) permits relief from a "fnal judgment, order,
or proceeding." The District Court reopened the case, fnding that a
voluntary dismissal without prejudice counts as a "fnal proceeding" and
that Waetzig made a mistake when he dismissed his case rather than
seeking a stay. The District Court separately granted Waetzig's mo-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion to vacate the arbitration award. The Tenth Circuit reversed.
Held: A case voluntarily dismissed without prejudice under Rule 41(a)
counts as a "fnal proceeding" under Rule 60(b). Pp. 310 -- 320.
(a) The Court does not address Halliburton's argument regarding ju-
risdiction over the motion to vacate. The question whether Rule 60(b)
permits reopening a case that was voluntarily dismissed without preju-
dice is antecedent to jurisdictional questions about the motion to vacate.
The lower courts may address those questions on remand. Pp. 310 -- 311.
(b) Text, context, and history support the conclusion that a Rule 41(a)
voluntary dismissal without prejudice qualifes as a "fnal proceeding"
under Rule 60(b). Pp. 311 -- 320.
(1) A voluntary dismissal is "fnal" because it terminates the case.
This straightforward reading aligns with legal dictionaries from 1946
(when "fnal" frst appeared in the Rule) and is confrmed by Advisory
Committee Notes to the 1946 Amendment to the Rule. The word
"fnal" underscores that Rule 60(b) does not infringe a court's inherent
and distinct power to revise its interlocutory decrees in an ongoing
case.
Halliburton's request to construe "fnal" consistent with jurisdictional
statutes like 28 U. S. C., which gives the courts of appeals juris-
diction over appeals from "fnal decisions" of district courts, is unpersua-
306 WAETZIG v. HALLIBURTON ENERGY SERVICES, INC.

Syllabus

sive. The fnality concept in appellate jurisdiction serves a distinct pur-
pose -- preventing interlocutory appeals from impairing case resolution
at the trial level. Finality under Rule 60(b) does not play a similar role.
Unlike an appeal fled under the appellate jurisdiction statute, a motion
for relief under Rule 60(b) is discretionary, not a matter of statutory
right. Rule 60(b) therefore does not pose the same risk to effcient case
resolution before the trial courts. The Court sees no reason to import
the understanding of fnality that applies in the feld of appellate juris-
diction to the different context of Rule 60(b). Pp. 312 -- 315.
(2) A voluntary dismissal counts as a "proceeding" under Rule
60(b). Legal dictionaries from 1938 to present suggest that the term
"proceeding" encompasses all steps in an action's progression. Other
federal rules similarly treat "proceeding" as including all formal steps
in an action.
Halliburton and the court below assert that the term "proceeding"
should be read in the context of its neighboring terms "judgment" and
"order." And because a "judgment" and "order" both involve some ju-
dicial determination of rights, a "proceeding" should at least involve
some judicial action or conclusive determination of rights. Although it
is true that statutory terms must be read in the context of their neigh-
bors, that rule cuts the other way in this case. The proposed alterna-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tive reading would strip "proceeding" of independent meaning, as any
judicial determination would already be an "order." When Rule 60(b)
authorizes relief from a "judgment, order, or proceeding," the Rule
speaks in an ascending order of generality. The structure of the Rule
suggests that each term should be read as broader than what came be-
fore. Pp. 315 -- 318.
(3) The Court's reading is buttressed by historical context, as Rule
60(b) was modeled after a California statute previously interpreted to
extend to voluntary dismissals without prejudice. See Hall v. Hall, -- 73 (reading Rule 42(a) in light of "its statutory predeces-
sor"). Pp. 318 -- 319.
82 F. 4th 918, reversed and remanded.

Alito, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.

Vincent Levy argued the cause for petitioner. With him
on the briefs were Kevin D. Benish, Jack L. Millman, Spen-
cer J. Kontnik, Austin M. Cohen, and Aditi Shah.
Matthew D. McGill argued the cause for respondent.
With him on the brief were Jonathan C. Bond, Lochlan F.
 Cite as: (2025) 307

Opinion of the Court

Shelfer, Joshua R. Zuckerman, Patrick J. Fuster, and
Heather F. Crow.*
Justice Alito delivered the opinion of the Court.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 60(b) permits a court,
"[o]n motion and just terms," to "relieve a party... from a
fnal judgment, order, or proceeding." The question in this
case is whether Rule 60(b) permits a district court to reopen
a case that was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice
under Rule 41(a). We hold that such a dismissal counts as
a "fnal judgment, order, or proceeding," and thus qualifes
for Rule 60(b) relief.
I
A
This case began as an employment dispute. Petitioner
Gary Waetzig is a former employee of respondent Hallibur-
ton Energy Services, Inc. Following his termination, Waet-
Page Proof Pending Publication
zig fled a lawsuit against Halliburton in the U. S. District
Court for the District of Colorado. He alleged that he was
illegally terminated on the basis of his age, in violation of
the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 81 Stat.
602, as amended, 29 U. S. C. et seq. In response, Halli-
burton asserted that Waetzig was required to arbitrate his
claim. Waetzig acquiesced and submitted his claims for
arbitration.
At that point, Waetzig could have asked the District Court
to stay his federal lawsuit pending the arbitration proceed-
ings. See 9 U. S. C. ; Smith v. Spizzirri, (2024). Instead, he elected to dismiss the case under
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 41(a). Under that Rule, a
plaintiff may dismiss his case "without a court order" if he

*Steven A. Engel, Michael H. McGinley, Jennifer B. Dickey, and Brian
A. Kulp fled a brief for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States
of America as amicus curiae urging affrmance.
308 WAETZIG v. HALLIBURTON ENERGY SERVICES, INC.

Opinion of the Court

serves "a notice of dismissal before the opposing party
serves either an answer or a motion for summary judgment."
Rule 41(a)(1)(A)(i). Since Halliburton had not yet served an
answer or moved for summary judgment, Waetzig's dis-
missal was effective without any court action. And given
that this was the frst time Waetzig had dismissed these
claims, his dismissal was presumptively "without prejudice."
Rule 41(a)(1)(B). That means that Waetzig had preserved
his right to refle the same claims in the future. Semtek
Int'l Inc. v. Lockheed Martin Corp., (2001).
Waetzig lost at arbitration. After a telephonic hearing,
the arbitrator issued an award granting summary judgment
in favor of Halliburton. In Waetzig's view, however, the ar-
bitrator failed to follow various procedural rules required by
the parties' arbitration agreement. To remedy that alleged
error, Waetzig turned back to federal court.

B
Page Proof Pending Publication
Waetzig's next move was procedurally creative. Instead
of fling a new lawsuit in federal court attacking the validity
of the arbitration award, he returned to the lawsuit that he
had previously dismissed. He fled a motion under the old
docket number and asked the court to reopen that case and
vacate the arbitration award. That move created an obvi-
ous problem: As we already explained, Waetzig's dismissal
under Rule 41(a) terminated his case. So, in theory, fling a
new motion in the case was impossible. The District Court
was therefore skeptical of Waetzig's gambit. It issued an
order asking him to show cause that would justify the court's
taking jurisdiction over the motion. In response, Waetzig
asserted that the District Court could reopen the case under
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 60(b).
Rule 60(b) permits a court, "[o]n motion and just terms,"
to "relieve a party... from a fnal judgment, order, or pro-
ceeding." A court may do so for six enumerated "reasons,"
including "mistake, inadvertence, surprise, or excusable ne-
 Cite as: (2025) 309

Opinion of the Court

glect." See Rule 60(b)(1). The general "purpose" of the
Rule, we have said, is "to make an exception to fnality."
Gonzalez v. Crosby, (2005). The Rule "at-
tempts to strike a proper balance between the conficting
principles that litigation must be brought to an end and that
justice should be done." 11 C. Wright, A. Miller, & M. Kane,
Federal Practice and Procedure, p. 286 (3d ed. 2012).
Here, the District Court agreed with Waetzig and awarded
Rule 60(b) relief. First, it held that a voluntary dismissal
without prejudice counts as a "fnal proceeding" and there-
fore falls within the ambit of the Rule. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 55a -- 56a. Second, it found that Waetzig had com-
mitted a "careless mistake" when he voluntarily dismissed
his case instead of moving for a stay pending arbitration or
administratively closing the case. Id., at 59a. According to
the District Court, Waetzig did so under the false under-
standing that the court would retain jurisdiction over the
arbitration agreement. Ibid. The court thus found that re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lief was proper under Rule 60(b)(1). Ibid. And after re-
opening the case under that provision,1 the court issued a
separate order granting Waetzig's motion to vacate the arbi-
tration award. Id., at 48a.
Halliburton appealed. Among other things, it argued
that a voluntary dismissal without prejudice does not count
as a "fnal judgment, order, or proceeding," and therefore
falls outside the reach of Rule 60(b). Brief for Appellant in
No. 22 -- 1252 (CA10, Nov. 14, 2022), ECF Doc. 25, pp. 23 -- 26.
The Tenth Circuit agreed. It reasoned that Waetzig's vol-
untary dismissal was not a fnal "judgment" or "order" be-
cause the act of dismissal required neither the entry of a

1
The District Court additionally found that relief was warranted under
Rule 60(b)(6), which permits relief for "any other reason that justifes re-
lief." In the District Court's view, an intervening precedent from our
Court affected Waetzig's right to refle a new case, justifying relief under
Rule 60(b)(6). App. to Pet. for Cert. 59a -- 62a ).
310 WAETZIG v. HALLIBURTON ENERGY SERVICES, INC.

Opinion of the Court

judgment nor the issuance of an order by the court. 82
F. 4th 918, 921 (2023). The Tenth Circuit then concluded
that a voluntary dismissal without prejudice could not be a
"fnal proceeding" because, in its view, "a fnal proceeding
must involve, at a minimum, a judicial determination with
fnality." Id., at 923. In so holding, the Tenth Circuit split
from other Circuits that have considered the issue. See
Yesh Music v. Lakewood Church, 727 F. 3d 356, 362 -- 363
(CA5 2013) ("[W]e are satisfed that a Rule 41(a)(1)(A) volun-
tary dismissal without prejudice qualifes as a `fnal proceed-
ing' "); accord, Nelson v. Napolitano, 657 F. 3d 586, 589
(CA7 2011).
We granted certiorari to decide whether a Rule 41(a) dis-
missal without prejudice is a "fnal judgment, order, or pro-
ceeding" under Rule 60(b). (2024).

II

Page Proof
Before reaching thatPending
question, however,Publication
we frst address a
preliminary issue related to jurisdiction. Halliburton claims
that the District Court lacked jurisdiction over Waetzig's
motion to vacate the arbitration award. In support of its
argument, Halliburton points to this Court's decisions in
Badgerow v. Walters, (2022), and Kokkonen v.
Guardian Life Ins. Co. of America, (1994).
We need not address the merits of this argument, however,
because it presents no barrier to our deciding the question
presented. We granted certiorari to decide whether Rule
60(b) permits a court to reopen a case that was voluntarily
dismissed without prejudice. That question is separate
from, and antecedent to, the question whether the District
Court could exercise jurisdiction over Waetzig's motion to
vacate.
The cases Halliburton cites prove the point. In Bad-
gerow, we addressed the jurisdiction of the federal courts to
consider motions to vacate arbitration awards fled under a
provision of the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U. S. C..
 Cite as: (2025) 311

Opinion of the Court

We held that a plaintiff seeking to vacate an arbitration
award must point to an " `independent jurisdictional basis' "
that would authorize a federal court to decide the matter.
Badgerow, 596 U. S., at 8 ). In the
other case, Kokkonen, we suggested that Rule 60(b) cannot
confer jurisdiction upon a federal court where jurisdiction
would not otherwise exist. 511 U. S., at 378. We reasoned
that reopening a case under Rule 60(b) would not automati-
cally confer jurisdiction over a subsequent motion to enforce
a settlement agreement. Ibid. The upshot of our analysis
in Kokkonen was that, even though Rule 60(b) might give a
court the power to reopen a case, the Rule cannot itself serve
as the basis for federal jurisdiction.
Although these cases might bear on the District Court's
jurisdiction over Waetzig's motion to vacate, they say noth-
ing at all about whether the District Court had the power,
under Rule 60(b), to reopen Waetzig's case in the frst place.
Page Proof Pending Publication
That power is the focus of our decision today, and it must be
addressed before any subsequent jurisdictional questions is
considered. The procedural history of this case confrms as
much. Before the District Court could rule on Waetzig's
motion to vacate, it frst needed to reopen his case. Consist-
ent with that understanding, the court issued two separate
orders: frst, an order reopening the case pursuant to Rule
60(b), see App. to Pet. for Cert. 64a, and second, an order
vacating the arbitration award, see id., at 48a. We granted
certiorari to address the District Court's power to issue the
frst order, not its jurisdiction to issue the second. We leave
it to the lower courts to address any subsequent jurisdic-
tional questions on remand.

III
That brings us to the question presented. Rule 60(b) per-
mits a court to "relieve a party... from a fnal judgment,
order, or proceeding." We hold that a Rule 41(a) voluntary
312 WAETZIG v. HALLIBURTON ENERGY SERVICES, INC.

Opinion of the Court

dismissal without prejudice qualifes as a "fnal... proceed-
ing" under Rule 60(b). Text, context, and history support
that interpretation.
A
1
To start, we hold that a voluntary dismissal without preju-
dice is "fnal" under Rule 60(b). In 1946, when the term
"fnal" frst appeared in the Rule, legal dictionaries defned
"fnal" to mean "[d]efnitive; terminating; completed; con-
clusive; last." Black's Law Dictionary 779 (3d ed. 1933)
(Black's); see Ballentine's Law Dictionary 503 (1930) ("the
end, ultimate, or last"). By way of illustration, Black's Law
Dictionary defned "fnal order" as an order that "terminates
the action itself." Black's 1298. A voluntary dismissal
without prejudice falls comfortably within this defnition.
The dismissal is the "conclusive" and "last" fling on the
docket, and it "complete[s]" the particular lawsuit at issue.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Id., at 779. And, like a "fnal order," the dismissal "termi-
nates the action itself." Id., at 1298.
That straightforward reading of "fnal" is confrmed by the
Federal Rules Advisory Committee's Notes, which are " `a
reliable source of insight into the meaning of a rule.' " Hall
v. Hall, (2018) ). In the Notes accompanying
the 1946 amendments to Rule 60(b), the Committee briefy
explained its reason for adding the term "fnal." According
to the Committee, the addition of "fnal" clarifed that "inter-
locutory judgments are not brought within the restrictions
of the Rule, but rather they are left subject to the complete
power of the court rendering them to afford such relief from
them as justice requires." Advisory Committee's 1946 Note
on subd. (b) of Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 60, 28 U. S. C. App.,
p. 289.
The term "fnal" was therefore intended to exclude "inter-
locutory judgments" from the reach of the Rule. And, as
 Cite as: (2025) 313

Opinion of the Court

the Committee Notes explain, that exclusion makes sense.
Rule 60(b) relief from interlocutory judgments is unneces-
sary because, with respect to those judgments, "a rehearing
may be sought at any time before [the] fnal decree, provided
due diligence be employed and a revision be otherwise conso-
nant with equity." John Simmons Co. v. Grier Brothers Co.,
-- 91 (1922). In other words, a court presiding
over a case is always capable of revising an interlocutory
ruling, so long as a revision is "consonant with equity." Id.,
at 91. The word "fnal" underscores that Rule 60(b) does
not infringe that inherent and distinct power.
After a case is fnally terminated, however, a court no
longer presides, and a party can no longer seek a "rehearing"
on an interlocutory judgment. Ibid. It is at that point that
a court's power under Rule 60(b) kicks in, permitting the
court to look back at the "fnal" act in a case and provide
relief from that act when appropriate. A voluntary dis-
missal without prejudice is one such "fnal" act. It termi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
nates the case and strips a court of its equitable power to
revise its earlier rulings. At that point, Rule 60(b) is the
appropriate avenue for relief.
A contrary interpretation would place voluntary dismiss-
als without prejudice into a procedural no man's land. Such
dismissals would not be "interlocutory" in the manner that
the Committee Notes discuss because they are outside of a
court's "complete power" over an ongoing case. Nor would
they be "fnal" and thus subject to Rule 60(b). Halliburton
provides no evidence supporting the existence of any third
category. If a voluntary dismissal without prejudice is not
"interlocutory," then it is hard to imagine that it could be
anything but "fnal."
2
Halliburton nevertheless presses for a narrower defnition
of "fnal." Specifcally, it asks the Court to construe "fnal"
in Rule 60(b) to mean essentially what it means in jurisdic-
tional statutes like 28 U. S. C., which gives the courts
314 WAETZIG v. HALLIBURTON ENERGY SERVICES, INC.

Opinion of the Court

of appeals jurisdiction over appeals from "fnal decisions" of
district courts. This grant of appellate jurisdiction can be
traced back to the frst Judiciary Act. See Judiciary Act of
1789, 1 Stat. 84. And long before the adoption of Rule
60(b), this Court had developed a rich jurisprudence explain-
ing the meaning of "fnal" as it relates to appellate jurisdic-
tion. See Bostwick v. Brinkerhoff, -- 4 (1882). Halliburton asks us to look to that " `legal
lineage' " when interpreting Rule 60(b). Brief for Respond-
ent 22. Based on that body of
case law, Halliburton contends that a determination is "fnal"
principally when it " `terminate[s] the litigation between the
parties on the merits of the case.' " Brief for Respondent
23.
Contrary to Halliburton's suggestion, however, we do not
fnd this body of case law helpful in interpreting the meaning
Page Proof Pending Publication
of the term "fnal" in Rule 60(b). True, we sometimes look
to legal tradition when interpreting a statutory term, but we
typically do so only when the term is " `obviously trans-
planted from another legal source.' " Taggart v. Lorenzen,
(2019).
Here, there is little reason to think that the term "fnal" in
Rule 60(b) was transplanted from statutes governing the ju-
risdiction of federal appellate courts. In that feld, the con-
cept of fnality plays a distinctive role: It prevents interlocu-
tory appeals from unduly impairing the resolution of civil
and criminal cases at the trial level. Under 28 U. S. C.
and predecessor provisions, a party that loses in the
district court has a "statutory right" to take an appeal from
any "fnal decision." Arizona v. Manypenny, (1981). Our decisions defning what the term
"fnal" means in this context have imposed an important
practical limit on such appeals. We have described the f-
nality requirement as "the means for achieving a healthy
 Cite as: (2025) 315

Opinion of the Court

legal system." Cobbledick v. United States, (1940). Without it, too many trial court rulings could
be appealed, and " `the orderly progress of a cause' " would
be halted while the appellate court considered all sorts of
" `question[s] which ha[ve] happened to cross the path of such
litigation.' " Ibid. ).
Finality under Rule 60(b) does not play a similar role.
Unlike an appeal fled under the appellate jurisdiction stat-
ute, a motion for relief under Rule 60(b) is discretionary, not
"a matter of statutory right." Manypenny, 451 U. S., at 245,. Further, Rule 60(b) relief is unnecessary when a case
is ongoing because during that time, a court retains jurisdic-
tion to review and modify its decrees. See supra, at 312 -- 
313. Thus, there is no reason to fear that Rule 60(b) will be
abused to bring about a " `halt in the orderly progress of a
cause.' " Cobbledick, 309 U. S., at 326. And, even if such abuse were possible, Rule
Page Proof Pending Publication
60(b) provides district courts with ample discretion to pre-
vent it. Given these stark contextual differences, it is un-
likely that "fnal" as it appears in Rule 60(b) was trans-
planted from the appellate jurisdiction statute.
We therefore see no reason to import the understanding
of fnality that applies in the feld of appellate jurisdiction.
In the context of Rule 60(b), a voluntary dismissal without
prejudice is "fnal" because it terminates the case.

B
Next, we hold that a voluntary dismissal without prejudice
counts as a "proceeding" under Rule 60(b).2 In 1938, when
the term "proceeding" frst appeared in the Rule, Black's
2
Waetzig additionally contends that a voluntary dismissal without prej-
udice counts as a "judgment." See Brief for Petitioner 25 -- 29. Because
we hold that such dismissals qualify as proceedings, we need not decide
whether they qualify as judgments for the purposes of Rule 60(b).
316 WAETZIG v. HALLIBURTON ENERGY SERVICES, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Law Dictionary defned "proceeding" as: "[T]he form and
manner of conducting juridical business before a court or ju-
dicial offcer; regular and orderly progress in form of law;
including all possible steps in an action from its commence-
ment to the execution of judgment." Black's 1430. Other
dictionaries defned the term similarly. See Ballentine's
Law Dictionary, at 1023 ("the form in which actions are
to be brought and defended, the manner of intervening in
suits [and] of conducting them... " ); Webster's New International Dictionary
1710 (1927) ("[a]ny step or act taken in conducting liti-
gation"). These defnitions suggest that the term "proceed-
ing" encompasses all steps in an action, including the fling
of papers that are noted on the docket. Even today, Black's
Law Dictionary defnes "proceeding" as "[t]he regular and
orderly progression of a lawsuit, including all acts
and events between the time of commencement and the
Page Proof Pending Publication
entry of judgment." Black's 1459 (12th ed. 2024).
Other Federal Rules similarly treat "proceeding" as in-
cluding all formal steps taken in an action. Take, for exam-
ple, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 37. Under that Rule,
a court may stay "further proceedings" in a case until a dis-
covery order is obeyed. Rule 37(b)(2)(A)(iv). In that con-
text, a stay of "proceedings" likely refers to a stay of any
further action in the lawsuit, including further docket flings.
If read otherwise, the stay would be an ineffective sanction
against a party's disobedience. Similarly, Rule 41 permits a
court to "stay the proceedings" until a plaintiff pays the costs
of a previously dismissed action. Rule 41(d)(2). As with
Rule 37, that would be a relatively toothless sanction if "pro-
ceedings" did not encompass all further actions in the case.
Halliburton and the court below offer an alternative def-
nition. They argue that the term "proceeding" is " `given
more precise content by the neighboring words with which
 Cite as: (2025) 317

Opinion of the Court

it is associated.' " Fischer v. United States, (2024) ). Specifcally, they assert that the term "proceed-
ing" should be read to include the characteristics of the
terms that come before it: "judgment" and "order." See
Rule 60(b) ("judgment, order, or proceeding"). Since a
"judgment" and "order" both involve some judicial determi-
nation of rights, they say, a "proceeding" should at least in-
volve some judicial action or conclusive determination of
rights. See Brief for Respondent 34 -- 37; 82 F. 4th, at 922 -- 
923.
Although it is true that statutory terms must be read in
the context of their neighbors, that rule cuts the other way
here. To read "proceeding" to require a judicial determina-
tion would strip it of any independent meaning. Any formal
judicial determination of a party's rights is bound to be an
"order." See Black's 1298 (defning "order" as "[e]very di-
Page Proof Pending Publication
rection of a court or judge made or entered in writing").
So, if the term "proceeding" covers only judicial determina-
tions, it is hard to imagine what the term "proceeding"
would encompass that is not already covered by the term
"order."
Such a limited reading of "proceeding" is contrary to the
general structure of Rule 60(b). When the Rule authorizes
relief from a "judgment, order, or proceeding," it speaks in
an ascending order of generality. It starts with the narrow-
est category, "judgments," and then moves to a broader cate-
gory, "orders." Any "judgment" will generally involve an
"order," but not all "orders" are "judgments." That sug-
gests that each term should be read as broader than what
came before. Just as "order" encompasses and exceeds
"judgment," "proceeding " should encompass and exceed
"order." It would be odd, therefore, to read "proceeding"
as covering only those acts that are already covered by the
term "order."
318 WAETZIG v. HALLIBURTON ENERGY SERVICES, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Halliburton intuitively grasps this point. To avoid a com-
plete overlap between "order" and "proceeding," it tries to
conjure up examples of what might count as a "proceeding"
under its defnition while not being an "order." But in doing
so, Halliburton only reinforces the commonsense conclusion
that a voluntary dismissal without prejudice counts as a pro-
ceeding. For example, Halliburton suggests that a volun-
tary dismissal with prejudice may qualify as a "proceeding."
Brief for Respondent 37. But there is no reason why a vol-
untary dismissal with prejudice would count as a "proceed-
ing" while a voluntary dismissal without prejudice would
not. Both consist in the simple fling of a paper on the
docket. See Rule 41(a)(1)(A). Halliburton contends that
a dismissal with prejudice is different because it "imposes
legal burdens." Brief for Respondent 37. But a volun-
tary dismissal without prejudice does so as well. For exam-
ple, Waetzig's dismissal apparently precluded him from
continuing to pursue his claims -- not because his dismis-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sal was with prejudice, but because the relevant statute of
limitations had already expired. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 11,
19 -- 20.
In sum, the text, context, and structure of Rule 60(b) show
that the term "proceeding" encompasses all steps taken in
the action, including a voluntary dismissal without prejudice.

C
Finally, our reading of Rule 60(b) is buttressed by the his-
torical context in which the Rule was enacted. The original
version of the Rule was based on a then-extant provision in
the California Code of Civil Procedure,. See Advisory
Committee's 1946 Note on subd. (b) of Fed. Rule Civ. Proc.
60. That provision permitted a court to "relieve a party...
from a judgment, order, or other proceeding." Cal. Code
Civ. Proc. (Deering 1937). And prior to the enactment
of Rule 60(b), the Supreme Court of California had read that
provision to apply to voluntary dismissals. According to the
 Cite as: (2025) 319

Opinion of the Court

California court, a plaintiff who "consented to [a] dismissal
to his injury, under a mistake of fact, excusable under the
terms of the statute,... is not barred of relief." Palace
Hardware Co. v. Smith, 134 Cal. 381, 384, 66 P. 474, 476
(1901). And the California court made clear that the exist-
ence of prejudice was immaterial: "Whether... a voluntary
dismissal... bars a future action, need not be considered.
If the plaintiff is entitled to relief under the statute, it is not
material whether, in its absence, he could have relief either
at law or in equity." Id., at 385, 66 P., at 476.
When read in light of this history, it makes sense that Rule
60(b) would likewise extend to voluntary dismissals without
prejudice. The provision was "expressly modeled" after a
statute that ostensibly permitted such relief. See Hall, 584
U. S., at 72 -- 73 (reading Rule 42(a) in light of "its statutory
predecessor"). And although the Rule has been amended
substantially since then, the amendments have always re-
tained the original candidates for relief: judgments, orders,
Page Proof Pending Publication
or proceedings. To be sure, the Rule now specifes that the
judgments, orders, or proceedings must be "fnal." But, as
we have already explained, the term "fnal" does not exclude
voluntary dismissals without prejudice from the reach of the
Rule. See supra, at 312 -- 315. There is no reason to think,
then, that such dismissals have since escaped the Rule's
coverage.
IV
For the above reasons, a Rule 41(a) voluntary dismissal
without prejudice counts as a "fnal proceeding" under Rule
60(b). When the requirements of Rule 60(b) are satisfed, a
district court may relieve a party from such a dismissal and
reopen the case. We express no view on whether that relief
was proper in Waetzig's case. Nor do we reach the question
whether the court below could exercise jurisdiction over
Waetzig's motion to vacate the arbitration award. Those
questions are left to the court below on remand, to the extent
the relevant arguments have been preserved.
320 WAETZIG v. HALLIBURTON ENERGY SERVICES, INC.

Opinion of the Court

The judgment of the Tenth Circuit is reversed, and the
case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 334 -- 368

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
March 4, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
334 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO,
CALIFORNIA v. ENVIRONMENTAL
PROTECTION AGENCY
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the ninth circuit
No. 23 -- 753. Argued October 16, 2024 -- Decided March 4, 2025
Under the Clean Water Act (CWA), 33 U. S. C. et seq., the Environ-
mental Protection Agency (EPA) and authorized state agencies issue
permits that impose requirements on entities that wish to discharge
"pollutants" into the waters of the United States. A critical component
of the CWA regulatory scheme is the National Pollutant Discharge
Elimination System (NPDES), which makes it unlawful to discharge
pollutants into covered bodies of water unless authorized by permit.
EPA v. California ex rel. State Water Resources Control Bd.,. These permits typically include "effuent limitations" on dis-
charges that restrict the "quantities, rates, and concentrations of chemi-
cal, physical, biological, and other constituents.". Failure to
Page Proof Pending Publication
comply with permit limitations exposes permittees to civil penalties and
even criminal prosecution. and (d). Under what is known
as the "permit shield" provision, however, an entity that adheres to the
terms of its permit is deemed to be compliant with the Act..
This case involves a challenge to "end-result" requirements -- permit
provisions that do not spell out what a permittee must do or refrain
from doing but instead make a permittee responsible for the quality of
the water in the body of water into which the permittee discharges
pollutants. The City of San Francisco operates two combined waste-
water treatment facilities that process both wastewater and stormwa-
ter. Combined Sewer Overfow (CSO) Control Policy, 59 Fed. Reg.
18689; 75 F. 4th 1074, 1082 (CA9). During periods of heavy precipita-
tion, the combination of wastewater and stormwater may exceed the
facility's capacity, and the result may be the discharge of untreated
water, including raw sewage, into the Pacifc Ocean or the San Francisco
Bay. 59 Fed. Reg. 18689; EPA, Offce of Water, Combined Sewer Over-
fows: Guidance for Permit Writers, p. 1 -- 1; 75 F. 4th, at 1082 -- 1083. In
1994, the EPA adopted its CSO Control Policy, which requires munici-
palities with combined systems to take prescribed measures and to de-
velop and implement a Long-Term Control Plan, and provides for a two-
phase permitting process. 59 Fed. Reg. 18691, 18696.
 Cite as: (2025) 335

Syllabus

For many years, San Francisco's NPDES permit for its Oceanside
facility was renewed without controversy, but in 2019, the EPA issued
a renewal permit that added two end-result requirements. 75 F. 4th,
at 1084 -- 1085. The frst of these prohibits the facility from making any
discharge that "contribute[s] to a violation of any applicable water qual-
ity standard" for receiving waters. Id., at 1085. The second provides
that the City cannot perform any treatment or make any discharge that
"create[s] pollution, contamination, or nuisance as defned by California
Water Code section 13050." Ibid..
San Francisco argued that the end-result requirements exceed the
EPA's statutory authority, but the Ninth Circuit denied the City's peti-
tion for review. The court held that (1)(C) authorizes the EPA
to impose "any" limitations ensuring applicable water quality standards
are satisfed in a receiving body of water.
Held: Section 1311(b)(1)(C) does not authorize the EPA to include "end-
result" provisions in NPDES permits. Determining what steps a per-
mittee must take to ensure that water quality standards are met is the
EPA's responsibility, and Congress has given it the tools needed to make
that determination. Pp. 344 -- 355.
(a) Not all "limitations" under must qualify as effuent limita-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tions. While (1)(A) and (B) refer to "effuent limitations,"
(1)(C) refers to "any more stringent limitation." This distinc-
tion shows that Congress intentionally authorized limitations beyond
effuent limitations because "it is generally presumed that Congress acts
intentionally and purposely in the disparate inclusion or exclusion" of lan-
guage in a statute. Russello v. United States,. Other CWA provisions support this by re-
ferring to "effuent limitations and other limitations" under. See,
e.g., 1365(f). Moreover, San Francisco's interpretation would
either invalidate widely accepted narrative permit provisions or require
an improbably broad reading of "effuent limitation." Pp. 344 -- 345.
(b) Section 1311(b)(1)(C) does not authorize permit requirements con-
ditioning compliance on receiving water quality. The provision's text,
structure, and context support this interpretation. Pp. 345 -- 355.
(1) The terms "limitation," "implement," and "meet" in 
(1)(C) suggest the EPA must set specifc rules permittees must follow
to achieve water quality goals. A "limitation" is a "restriction... im-
posed from without," not an end-result requirement leaving permittees
to determine necessary steps. Webster's Third New International Dic-
tionary 1312. When a provision tells a permittee that a particular end
result must be achieved, the direct source of the restriction comes from
336 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Syllabus

within, not "from without." To "implement" standards requires "con-
crete measures," not simply mandating achievement of results. Id., at
1134; (1)(C). A limitation that is "necessary to meet" an objec-
tive is most naturally understood to mean a provision that sets out ac-
tions that must be taken to achieve the objective. Pp. 346 -- 348.
(2) The pre-1972 Water Pollution Control Act (WPCA) contained a
provision that allowed direct enforcement against a polluter if the qual-
ity of the water into which the polluter discharges pollutants failed to
meet water quality standards. See Federal Water Pollution Control
Act, ch. 758, 2(d)(1), 2(d)(4), 2(d)(7), 62 Stat. 1155, 1156 -- 1157. But
Congress deliberately omitted such provisions when overhauling the law
in 1972. Instead, the CWA imposes "direct restrictions" on polluters
rather than working backward from pollution to assign responsibility.
EPA, 426 U. S., at 204. The Government's interpretation would undo
what Congress plainly sought to achieve when it scrapped the WPCA's
backward-looking approach. Pp. 348 -- 349.
(3) Two features of the broader statutory scheme further support
this conclusion. First, end-result requirements would negate the
CWA's "permit shield" protecting compliant permittees from liability.
Second, EPA's interpretation provides no mechanism for fairly allocat-
ing responsibility among multiple dischargers contributing to water
Page Proof Pending Publication
quality violations. Pp. 350 -- 352.
(c) The Agency has adequate tools to obtain needed information from
permittees without resorting to end-result requirements. Its reliance
on the Combined Sewer Overfow Policy is misplaced as that policy au-
thorizes narrative limitations but not end-result requirements. And
concerns about disrupting general permits are unfounded given that
narrative limitations remain available. Pp. 352 -- 355.
75 F. 4th 1074, reversed.

Alito, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Thomas and Kavanaugh, JJ., joined, in which Gorsuch, J., joined as
to all but Part II, and in which Sotomayor, Kagan, Barrett, and Jack-
son, JJ., joined as to Part II. Barrett, J., fled an opinion dissenting in
part, in which Sotomayor, Kagan, and Jackson, JJ., joined, post, p. 356.

Tara M. Steeley argued the cause for petitioner. With her
on the briefs were David Chiu, Yvonne R. Meré, David S.
Louk, John S. Roddy, Estie M. Kus, Andrew C. Silton, John
C. Cruden, and Richard S. Davis.
Frederick Liu argued the cause for respondent. With
him on the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Assistant
 Cite as: (2025) 337

Opinion of the Court

Attorney General Kim, Deputy Solicitor General Stewart,
Meghan E. Greenfeld, and Steven M. Neugeboren.*
Justice Alito delivered the opinion of the Court.
Under the Clean Water Act (CWA), 86 Stat. 816, 33 U. S. C.
et seq., the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
and authorized state agencies1 may issue permits that im-
*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Hayden Area
Regional Sewer Board by Preston N. Carter and Morgan D. Goodin; for
the Local Government Legal Center et al. by J. G. Andre Monette and
Amanda Karras; for the National Association of Home Builders et al. by
John A. Sheehan, Thomas Ward, and Prianka Sharma; for the National
Mining Association et al. by Misha Tseytlin, Michael A. Tilghman II,
Ellen Steen, Travis Cushman, Andrew R. Varcoe, Stephanie A. Maloney,
Michael C. Formica, and Elizabeth Milito; and for Public Wastewater and
Stormwater Agencies et al. by David Y. Chung, Elizabeth B. Dawson,
Amanda E. Aspatore, Hilary Meltzer, F. Paul Calamita III, and Melissa
A. Thorme.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Page Proof Pending Publication
California by Rob Bonta, Attorney General of California, Michael J. Mon-
gan, Solicitor General, Christopher D. Hu, Deputy Solicitor General, Tracy
L. Winsor, Senior Assistant Attorney General, Russell B. Hildreth, Super-
vising Deputy Attorney General, and Marc N. Melnick and Bryant B.
Cannon, Deputy Attorneys General; for the State of Washington et al. by
Robert W. Ferguson, Attorney General of Washington, Kelly T. Wood, and
Peter B. Gonick, Deputy Solicitor General, by Andrea Joy Campbell, At-
torney General of Massachusetts, and Helen Yurchenco and Emily Mitch-
ell Field, Assistant Attorneys General, and by the Attorneys General for
their respective jurisdictions as follows: William Tong of Connecticut,
Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Kwame Raoul of Illinois,
Aaron Frey of Maine, Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Dana Nessel of
Michigan, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Matthew Platkin of New Jersey,
Ellen F. Rosenblum of Oregon, Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, and
Josh Kaul of Wisconsin; for Environmental and Community Organizations
by Kirti Datla, Benjamin Chagnon, and Linnet Davis-Stermitz; for the
Orange County Coastkeeper by Sarah J. Spinuzzi; and for Small Business
Owners and Operators by Keith P. Richard.
1
See 33 U. S. C.. The provision at issue in this case,
(1)(C), applies equally to federal and state permits, but for con-
venience, we refer only to the EPA when referring to the scope of permit-
ting authority under that provision.
338 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

pose requirements on entities that wish to discharge "pollut-
ants" (a broadly defned term) 2 into the waters of the United
States.3 Permits issued by these agencies include what the
CWA calls "effuent limitations," that is, provisions that
specify the quantities of enumerated pollutants that may be
discharged.4 It is also common for permits to set out other
steps that a discharger must take. These may include test-
ing, record-keeping, and reporting requirements, as well as
requirements obligating a permittee to follow specifed prac-
tices designed to reduce pollution. None of these so-called
narrative requirements is at issue here.
Instead, this case involves provisions that do not spell out
what a permittee must do or refrain from doing; rather, they
make a permittee responsible for the quality of the water
in the body of water into which the permittee discharges
pollutants. When a permit contains such requirements, a
permittee that punctiliously follows every specifc require-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment in its permit may nevertheless face crushing penalties
if the quality of the water in its receiving waters falls below
the applicable standards. For convenience, we will call such
provisions "end-result" requirements.
The permittee in this case is a wastewater treatment facil-
ity owned by San Francisco. For the past fve years, the
facility's permit has included two end-result requirements,
and if those provisions are upheld, the City could be heavily
penalized even though it was never put on notice that it was
obligated to take any specifc step other than those it under-
took. San Francisco argues that the end-result provisions
in its permit are not authorized by the CWA, and its position
is supported by many other similarly situated cities, includ-
ing New York, the District of Columbia, Boston, and Buffalo,
as well as national and state associations whose members

2.
3.
4.
 Cite as: (2025) 339

Opinion of the Court

collectively "provide wastewater and stormwater services to
the majority of [the people in this country whose homes are
connected to sewers]." 5
We hold that the two challenged provisions exceed the
EPA's authority. The text and structure of the CWA, as
well as the history of federal water pollution legislation,
make this clear. And resorting to such requirements is not
necessary to protect water quality. The EPA may itself de-
termine what a facility should do to protect water quality,
and the Agency has ample tools to obtain whatever informa-
tion it needs to make that determination. If the EPA does
its work, our holding should have no adverse effect on
water quality.
I
A
To understand the issue before us, it is helpful to take a brief
look back at the history of federal water pollution legislation.
Page Proof Pending Publication
For most of the Nation's history, the Federal Government
played a secondary role in this feld. See Sackett v. EPA,
(2023). In 1948, however, Congress passed
the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (WPCA), ch. 758, 62
Stat. 1155, which represented a cautious expansion of federal
authority. K. Murchison, Learning From More Than Five-
and-a-Half Decades of Federal Water Pollution Control Leg-
islation: Twenty Lessons for the Future, 32 Boston College
Env. Aff. L. Rev. 527, 530 -- 531 (2005). The WPCA reaf-
frmed the long-accepted principle that "controlling water
pollution" was primarily a state responsibility, but it also
declared that the pollution of certain interstate waters had
become "a public nuisance" and was "subject to abatement"
in a suit brought by the Attorney General on behalf of the
United States., 2(d)(1), 2(d)(4), 2(d)(7), 62 Stat. 1155 -- 
1157.
5
Brief for Public Wastewater and Stormwater Agencies et al. as Amici
Curiae 2.
340 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

Over the next 24 years, the WPCA was amended numer-
ous times,6 and the federal role gradually grew, but the basic
structure of federal enforcement actions remained the same.
The starting point was the identifcation of a body of water
with substandard water quality. After that, federal author-
ities had to work backward and prove that a particular entity
should be held responsible for the problem.7 Both the origi-
nal version of the 1948 Act and all amendments enacted
before 1972 proved to be ineffective due in part to this
backward-looking model. See EPA v. California ex rel.
State Water Resources Control Bd., (1976).
By 1972, the WPCA's inadequacy was apparent, and Con-
gress made a fresh start. It amended the WPCA by delet-
ing all its provisions and substituting what is now generally
known as the Clean Water Act. The CWA jettisoned the
WPCA's retrospective approach and aimed directly at the
sources of pollution. A critical component of the CWA
scheme is the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination Sys-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tem (NPDES), see id., at 204 -- 205, which makes it unlawful
to discharge pollutants into covered bodies of water unless
authorized by permit. Permits issued under this program
may contain several different types of provisions.
Some are known as "effuent limitations," see 33 U. S. C., which are defned as restrictions on the "quantities,
rates, and concentrations of chemical, physical, biological,
and other constituents.". Section 1311(b)(1),
subparagraphs (A) and (B), require compliance with one type
of effuent limitations: those that are based on what can be
achieved using specifed pollution-treatment technologies.

6
See Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1956, Pub. L. 84 -- 660,
70 Stat. 498; Federal Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1961,
Pub. L. 87 -- 88, 75 Stat. 204; Water Quality Act of 1965, Pub. L. 89 -- 234, 79
Stat. 903; Water Quality Improvement Act of 1970, Pub. L. 91 -- 224, 84
Stat. 91.
7
See, 62 Stat. 1156 -- 1157; 70 Stat. 504 -- 505; 75 Stat. 208 -- 209; 79
Stat. 909.
 Cite as: (2025) 341

Opinion of the Court

See 40 CFR.44(a)(1) (2023). In most cases, these
technology-based limitations are suffcient, but when they
are not, NPDES permits also include water quality-based
effuent limitations (WQBELs). 33 U. S. C. (1)(C).
These WQBELs, unlike technology-based effuent limita-
tions, are "set without regard to cost or technology availabil-
ity." Natural Resources Defense Council v. EPA, 808 F. 3d
556, 565 (CA2 2015); see Natural Resources Defense Coun-
cil, Inc. v. EPA, 859 F. 2d 156, 208 (CADC 1988) (per cu-
riam). Instead, they permit only those discharges that may
be made without unduly impairing water quality.
In addition to these effuent limitations, it is common for
permits to include requirements that do not set numerical
limitations on allowed discharges. One example, which is
apparently common in so-called general permits, is a provi-
sion demanding that permittees follow certain "best prac-
tices" that aim to limit pollution.8
Under the NPDES system, permittees have a very strong
Page Proof Pending Publication
incentive to comply with all permit terms. For one thing,
the CWA gives the EPA a very big "stick." Permittees that
do not comply may be hit with enormous civil penalties and
may face criminal prosecution for "knowing" or even "negli-
gent" violations. See and (d); 40 CFR.4
(2023). At the same time, the CWA holds out an enticing
"carrot." Under what is known as the "permit shield" pro-
vision, an entity that adheres to the terms of its permit is
deemed to be compliant with the Act. See 33 U. S. C..
B
The case now before us involves a particular type of public
wastewater treatment, one that processes both wastewater
(water that has been used in a home) and stormwater (rain-
water that does not sink into the ground). Many major

8
See Brief for National Association of Home Builders et al. as Amici
Curiae 1, 11 -- 12.
342 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

cities have such systems, and they present special problems.
During periods of heavy precipitation, the combination of
wastewater and stormwater may exceed the facility's treat-
ment capacity, and the result may be the discharge of un-
treated water, including raw sewage. See Combined Sewer
Overfow (CSO) Control Policy, 59 Fed. Reg. 18689 (1994);
EPA, Offce of Water, Combined Sewer Overfows: Guidance
for Permit Writers, p. 1 -- 1 (1995). This problematic feature
of combined facilities was recognized long ago; installing a
new system that handles stormwater and wastewater sepa-
rately is enormously expensive.9
To address the problem of CSOs, the EPA adopted its CSO
Control Policy, which requires municipalities with combined
systems to take prescribed measures and to develop and im-
plement a Long-Term Control Plan. 59 Fed. Reg. 18691.
The CSO Policy provides for a two-phase permitting process.
Id., at 18696. During phase I, permits require municipali-
ties to implement nine minimum controls and to develop a
Page Proof Pending Publication
long-term plan. Then, during phase II, that plan must be
implemented. Ibid. In 2000, Congress amended the CWA
and gave the CSO Control Policy the force of a statute. See
33 U. S. C. (1).
C
The City of San Francisco operates two combined treat-
ment facilities: the Bayside facility, which discharges into
San Francisco Bay, and the Oceanside facility, which empties
into the Pacifc Ocean. The permit at issue in this dispute
concerns only the Oceanside facility,10 which treats water
from 250 miles of sewers and serves approximately 250,000
residents. 75 F. 4th 1074, 1082 (CA9 2023).
For many years, the Oceanside facility's NPDES permit
was renewed without controversy, but in 2019, the two end-

9
T. Camp, The Problem of Separation in Planning Sewer Systems, 38
J. Water Pollution Control Federation 1959 (1966).
10
See App. to Pet. for Cert. 80 -- 140.
 Cite as: (2025) 343

Opinion of the Court

result requirements that San Francisco now challenges were
added. Id., at 1084 -- 1085. The frst of these prohibits the
facility from making any discharge that "contribute[s] to a
violation of any applicable water quality standard" for re-
ceiving waters. Id., at 1085. The second provides that the
City cannot perform any treatment or make any discharge
that "create[s] pollution, contamination, or nuisance as de-
fned by California Water Code section 13050." Ibid. (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted).
The California Regional Water Quality Control Board for
the San Francisco Bay Region approved the fnal Oceanside
NPDES permit, and the EPA did the same.11 Id., at 1088.
San Francisco appealed to the EPA's Environmental Appeals
Board (EAB), objecting to, among other things, the two new
provisions just noted. City and Cty. of San Francisco, 18
E. A. D. 322, 325 (2020). The EAB rejected San Francisco's
challenge, and the City then fled a petition for review in the
Ninth Circuit under 33 U. S. C. (1)(F). 75 F. 4th, at
Page Proof Pending Publication
1088. A divided Ninth Circuit panel denied that petition,
holding that (1)(C) authorizes the EPA to impose
"any" limitations that seek to ensure that applicable water
quality standards are satisfed in a receiving body of water.
Id., at 1089 -- 1090. In dissent, Judge Collins argued that the
CWA "draws an explicit distinction between the `limitations'
that the agency must devise and impose on a particular per-
mittee's discharges" and the water quality standards them-
selves. Id., at 1102 (Collins, J., dissenting). The majority,
he maintained, erred by making the " `water quality stand-
ards' themselves the applicable `limitation' for an individual
discharger." Ibid.
We granted certiorari to decide whether the EPA can im-
pose requirements like those at issue. (2024).
11
Both the California Regional Water Quality Control Board and the
EPA had to approve the NPDES permit because the Oceanside facility
discharges into waters that fall under both state and federal jurisdiction.
75 F. 4th 1074, 1082 (CA9 2023) (case below).
344 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

II
Contending that the Ninth Circuit misread (1)(C),
San Francisco leads with the argument that all "limitations"
imposed under must qualify as effuent limitations.
The statutory text dooms this broad argument. "[W]here
Congress includes particular language in one section of a
statute but omits it in another section of the same Act, it
is generally presumed that Congress acts intentionally and
purposely in the disparate inclusion or exclusion." Russello
v. United States, (1983). We have invoked this canon time and time
again. See, e. g., Gallardo v. Marstiller, -- 
430 (2022); Salinas v. Railroad Retirement Bd., (2021); Azar v. Allina Health Services, -- 577 (2019). And it is fatal to San Francisco's argument
here. Sections 1311(b)(1)(A) and (B) refer to "effuent limi-
tations," but the very next provision, (1)(C), re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fers instead to "any more stringent limitation." We cannot
believe that Congress omitted the term "effuent" from
(1)(C) simply because it wanted to save ink or as-
sumed that regulators and interested parties would under-
stand that the omission of the term was inconsequential.
Other provisions of the CWA support this conclusion by
describing as authorizing the EPA to impose effuent
or other limitations. See (referring to "effuent
limitations and other limitations, under section 1311");
(referring to "effuent limitation[s] or other limita-
tion[s] under section 1311"); (same); see also Na-
tional Assn. of Mfrs. v. Department of Defense, (2018) (interpreting the phrase "effuent limitation
or other limitation" in the CWA's judicial review provision, to encompass both "effuent" limitations and limita-
tions such as "non-numerical operational practice[s]" and
"equipment specifcation[s]").
These reasons convince us that San Francisco's argument
is wrong, but if more were needed, it is telling that the City's
 Cite as: (2025) 345

Opinion of the Court

interpretation would lead to either drastic consequences that
the City is unwilling to embrace or a very loose interpreta-
tion of the term "effuent limitation" that would undermine
the City's argument. As noted earlier, it is common for per-
mits to contain "narrative" provisions requiring permittees
to do such things as following certain "best practices."
These provisions do not directly restrict the "quantities,
rates, or concentration" of pollutants that a permittee may
discharge, and therefore they do not ft easily within the
defnition of an "effuent limitation." Nevertheless, the City
acknowledges their legitimacy, see Brief for Petitioner 15,
33, and if that is correct, it must follow either that (1)
(1)(C) authorizes the imposition of limitations other
than effuent limitations (which would, of course, defeat the
City's argument) or (2) the statutory defnition of an effuent
limitation should be read very loosely (which raises the ques-
tion why this broad interpretation would not encompass the
provisions at issue here). Under either alternative, the City
Page Proof Pending Publication
is on perilous ground.
These problems overwhelm any help that the City can de-
rive from the fact that is titled "Effuent limitations."
The title of a statutory provision can inform its interpreta-
tion, but it is not conclusive. See Dubin v. United States,
-- 121 (2023). And here, the title of 
is not enough to win the day for the City. Section 1311 is a
lengthy provision, and most of its subsections concern effu-
ent limitations. The title "Effuent limitations" provides a
rough description of the provision's general sweep, but it
cannot be read as doing more than that.

III
In addition to the broad argument discussed above, San
Francisco advances a narrower alternative, namely, that
even if (1)(C) is not limited to effuent limitations, it
"does not authorize EPA to impose NPDES permit require-
ments that condition permitholders' compliance on whether
346 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

receiving waters meet applicable water quality standards."
Brief for Petitioner 19. We agree with this argument. As
the City maintains, "[t]he text, structure, and pre- and post-
enactment context" support this interpretation. Ibid.

A
We begin with the text of (1)(C), which, as noted,
requires a permit to contain, in addition to "effuent limita-
tions," "any more stringent limitation" that is "necessary to
meet" certain "water quality standards" that are imposed
under state law "or any other Federal law or regulation";
and "any more stringent limitation" that is "required to im-
plement any applicable water quality standard established
pursuant to this chapter." (Emphasis added.) All the itali-
cized terms in the preceding sentence suggest that the most
natural reading of (1)(C) is that it authorizes the
EPA to set rules that a permittee must follow in order to
Page Proof Pending Publication
achieve a desired result, namely, a certain degree of water
quality.
We start with the term "limitation." As used in the rele-
vant context, a limitation is a "restriction or restraint im-
posed from without (as by law[ )]." Webster's Third New
International Dictionary 1312 (1976). A
provision that tells a permittee that it must do certain spe-
cifc things plainly qualifes as a limitation. Such a provision
imposes a restriction "from without." But when a provision
simply tells a permittee that a particular end result must be
achieved and that it is up to the permittee to fgure out what
it should do, the direct source of restriction or restraint is
the plan that the permittee imposes on itself for the purpose
of avoiding future liability. In other words, the direct
source of the restriction comes from within, not "from
without."
We do not dispute that the term "limitation" is sometimes
used in a looser sense, but our task is to ascertain what the
term means in the specifc context in question. And here,
 Cite as: (2025) 347

Opinion of the Court

our interpretation of the meaning of the term "limitation" in
(1)(C) must take into account the way in which the
term is used in the two preceding statutory subsections,
(1)(A) and (B). In both those provisions, the "limi-
tations" are imposed directly by the EPA, and it is therefore
natural to presume that the term has a similar meaning in
(1)(C). See, e. g., McDonnell v. United States, -- 569 (2016); Yates v. United States, (2015) (plurality opinion); A. Scalia & B. Garner,
Reading Law 195 -- 198 (2012). So the use of the term "limi-
tation" in (1)(A) and (B) provides an opening clue
that the EPA's interpretation of (1)(C) may be
wrong.
The terms "implement" and "meet" point in the same di-
rection. The implementation of an objective generally re-
fers to the taking of actions that are designed "to give prac-
tical effect to and ensure of actual fulfllment by concrete
Page Proof Pending Publication
measures." Webster's Third New International Dictionary,
at 1134. Section 1311(b)(1)(C) tells the EPA to impose re-
quirements to "implement" water quality standards -- that is,
to "ensure" "by concrete measures" that they are "actual[ly]"
"fulfll[ed]." Simply telling a permittee to ensure that the
end result is reached is not a "concrete plan" for achieving
the desired result. Such a directive simply states the de-
sired result; it does not implement that result.
Section 1311(b)(1)(C)'s other directive -- that the EPA im-
pose limitations that are "necessary to meet" certain water
quality standards -- is similar. The verb to "meet," in the
sense operative here, means "to comply with; fulfll; satisfy"
or "to come into conformity with." Random House Un-
abridged Dictionary 1195 (2d ed. 1987). Thus, a limitation
that is "necessary to meet" an objective is most naturally
understood to mean a provision that sets out actions that
must be taken to achieve the objective.
In assessing what the directives in (1)(C) mean, it
is helpful to consider the use of the relevant terms in every-
348 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

day speech. Suppose a State requires that all schools
"meet" certain standards of math profciency, and suppose
the principal of a school calls a faculty meeting and instructs
the teachers to "implement" those standards. The princi-
pal's obvious expectation would be that the teachers would
devise and "implement" a plan to make sure that the desired
end is "met." It is unlikely that the principal would be
happy if the teachers simply told their students that a state
math profciency test would be administered and that they
should make sure they passed. That would not constitute
the implementation of the desired end, i. e., meeting the
State's standard of math profciency.
Attempting to counter this interpretation, the EPA
stresses (1)(C)'s use of the term "any" in the phrase
"any more stringent limitation," arguing that "any" is a very
broad term. That argument misconstrues the term's effect.
The adjective "any" is indeed a broad term, but it cannot
expand the reach of the noun it modifes. A reference to
Page Proof Pending Publication
"any mammal" would capture all mammals, but it would not
encompass a bird or fsh. Similarly, (1)(C) encom-
passes any limitation that is necessary to meet or implement
water quality standards, but not provisions that do not fall
within that category.
B
The text of the CWA militates against the Government's
interpretation of (1)(C) for yet another reason that
stands out when the history of federal water pollution con-
trol legislation is kept in mind. Under the Government's
reading, a permittee may be held liable if the quality of the
water into which it discharges pollutants fails to meet water
quality standards. Before 1972, the WPCA contained a pro-
vision that did exactly that in no uncertain terms. But
when Congress overhauled the WPCA in 1972, it scrapped
that provision and did not include in the new version of the
Act anything remotely similar. Under these circumstances,
the absence of a comparable provision in the CWA is telling.
 Cite as: (2025) 349

Opinion of the Court

This glaring void resulted from a deliberate and prominent
policy choice. As recounted earlier, before 1972, the basic
structure of federal enforcement efforts was a lawsuit seek-
ing to hold a polluter accountable for contributing to what
amounted to or was expressly termed a violation of water
quality standards. Building on the enforcement model orig-
inally adopted in the 1948 Act, the 1965 amendments of the
WPCA required the adoption of "water quality standards,"
and they then provided that "violators" of these standards
were subject to suit by the United States. 79 Stat. 907 -- 909.
That is where matters stood until 1972 when Congress again
amended the WPCA by deleting its entire text and substitut-
ing what is now popularly called the CWA.
This overhaul of the WPCA continued to require the adop-
tion of water standards, 33 U. S. C., but the revised
statutory text conspicuously omitted any provision authoriz-
ing either the United States or any other party to bring suit
against an entity whose discharges were contributing to a
Page Proof Pending Publication
violation of those standards.
This omission cannot be viewed as accidental or inconse-
quential. The repealed enforcement provision went to the
heart of what Congress viewed as a major defect in the old
scheme. As we have noted, the 1972 overhaul aimed to
facilitate enforcement by "making it unnecessary to work
backward from an overpolluted body of water to determine
which point sources [were] responsible" and thus subject to
suit. EPA v. California, 426 U. S., at 204. Instead, the
amended WPCA sought to achieve "acceptable quality stand-
ards" by means of "direct restrictions" on polluters. Ibid.
The Government's interpretation would undo what Congress
plainly sought to achieve when it scrapped the WPCA's
backward-looking approach.12
12
The dissent suggests that the 1972 Congress was displeased with the
prior enforcement regime because it was too burdensome for the Govern-
ment, not because it was unfair for entities against which enforce-
ment actions were brought. See post, at 363 -- 364 (Barrett, J., dissenting
350 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

C
It is a " `fundamental canon of statutory construction that
the words of a statute must be read in their context and
with a view to their place in the overall statutory scheme.' "
Utility Air Regulatory Group v. EPA, 
(2014) ). Thus, in construing, we
must also take into account the broader statutory scheme,
and at least two features of that scheme point in favor of
our interpretation.
1
The frst is the so-called "permit shield" provision, 33
U. S. C., under which a permittee is deemed to be
in compliance with the CWA if it follows all the terms in its
permit. This protection is very valuable because violations
of the CWA, even if entirely inadvertent, are subject to hefty
penalties. The CWA imposes a regime of strict civil liabil-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ity, see, e. g., United States v. Allegheny Ludlum Corp., 366
F. 3d 164, 174 (CA3 2004), and a party that violates a permit
term may be fned up to $25,000 per day per violation,. As San Francisco explains, it may take months to
gather the information necessary to detect a drop below the
applicable water quality standards, see Tr. of Oral Arg. 16,
and after substandard water quality is detected, it may take
some time to devise and implement appropriate corrective
measures. Indeed, there may be occasions (such as the
multiple-discharger situation we discuss below, see infra,
at 351 -- 352), when there is nothing a permittee can do to
bring about a prompt correction. For these reasons, the po-
tential civil penalties for noncompliance can mount up and
in part). But whether or not this assessment of Congress's intent is cor-
rect, what matters for present purposes is that Congress deliberately de-
leted a longstanding provision that expressly authorized what the dissent
wishes to perpetuate. The idea that Congress sought to preserve the old
enforcement mechanism by squirreling it away in (1)(C)'s inapt
language defes belief.
 Cite as: (2025) 351

Opinion of the Court

reach enormous sums. In a pending suit against San Fran-
cisco regarding the Bayside facility, the penalties sought are
$10 billion. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 102. In addition to all this,
a permittee who is found to have acted "knowingly" or even
"negligently" may be criminally prosecuted..
Because of the harsh penalties for violating the terms of
a permit, the permit shield is invaluable. Because of it, a
discharger that complies with all permit conditions can rest
assured that it will not be penalized. But the beneft of this
provision would be eviscerated if the EPA could impose a
permit provision making the permittee responsible for any
drop in water quality below the accepted standard. A per-
mittee could do everything required by all the other permit
terms. It could devise a careful plan for protecting water
quality, and it could diligently implement that plan. But if,
in the end, the quality of the water in its receiving waters
dropped below the applicable water quality levels, it would
face dire potential consequences. It is therefore exceed-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ingly hard to reconcile the Government's interpretation of
(1)(C) with the permit shield. And contrary to the
Government's contention, the possibility that a court might
ultimately exercise its "broad discretion" to mitigate penal-
ties, see Brief for Respondent 44, is not enough to make up for disarming the shield.

2
One fnal structural feature cements the case against the
EPA's interpretation: the absence of any provision dealing
with the problem that arises when more than one permittee
discharges into a body of water with substandard water qual-
ity. As previously explained, it is hard to believe that the
1972 Congress used (1)(C) to perpetuate (in camou-
faged form) the backward-looking enforcement scheme in the
prior version of the WPCA. And it is even harder to accept
the proposition that Congress did that without setting out
any method for dealing with the multiple-discharger prob-
352 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

lem. "[T]here may be dozens or even hundreds of... per-
mitted and unpermitted discharges into the same water-
body." Brief for National Mining Association et al. as
Amici Curiae 9. In such situations, the pre-1972 enforce-
ment scheme made it necessary for federal authorities to
"unscramble the polluted eggs after the fact." Wilmington
v. United States, 157 Fed. Cl. 705, 710 (2022). By 1972, it
was recognized that this was impractical, yet the EPA main-
tains that Congress retained the backward-looking approach
without making any attempt to address the vexing multiple-
discharger problem.
The EPA's only response to this argument is to note that
in this case the Oceanside facility is the only entity that
discharges into the relevant area of the Pacifc Ocean. But
the multiple-discharger problem goes to the meaning of
(1)(C), and that provision cannot mean one thing in
a single-discharger case and another when there are multi-
ple dischargers.13
Page Proof Pending PublicationIV
Before concluding, we briefy address three additional
arguments advanced by the Government.
A
The EPA maintains that the imposition of end-result limi-
tations is the best course of action when "the information
13
In response to our arguments about the two structural features dis-
cussed above, the dissent contends that our interpretation of 
(1)(C) is not necessary to protect permittees because even without that
interpretation a permittee subjected to an end-result provision could chal-
lenge it as arbitrary and capricious. See post, at 364 -- 366 (opinion of Bar-
rett, J.). Of course, that response is no answer to our argument that
(1)(C) does not authorize end-result provisions in the frst place.
And in any event, it is not clear that individual arbitrary-and-capricious
challenges would provide adequate protection. Unless some form of judi-
cial relief could be obtained before an end-result provision took effect, a
permittee's potential liability could reach astronomical proportions before
the challenge was fnally resolved.
 Cite as: (2025) 353

Opinion of the Court

necessary to develop additional `effuent limitations' is un-
available." Brief for Respondent 41. And it complains that
it should not bear the burden of determining what a permit-
tee should do to protect water quality because a permittee
is likely to have better access to necessary information and
a superior understanding of the operation of its facility and
the changes that could be made to provide further protection
for water quality.
We are not moved by this argument. For one thing, it
appears that the EPA and state permitting authorities have
used end-result requirements routinely, not just when a per-
mit holder has failed to provide necessary information. See
In re Lowell, 18 E. A. D. 115, 176 (EAB 2020); App. to Pet.
for Cert. 519. And in any event, the EPA possesses the ex-
pertise (which it regularly touts in litigation) and the re-
sources necessary to determine what a permittee should do.
It is also armed with ample tools to deal with situations in
which a permittee is slow to provide needed information or
Page Proof Pending Publication
is otherwise uncooperative. The EPA can set a schedule for
the provision of information and can refuse to issue a permit
until the permittee complies. If necessary, it can make use
of its emergency powers. See 33 U. S. C..14

B
The EPA contends that Congress authorized the use of
end-result requirements when it codifed the Agency's CSO
Policy in 1994, see 33 U. S. C. (1). And in support
of that argument, it cites language in the policy that pertains

14
The dissent argues that end-result provisions are in the best interests
of regulated entities because the alternative may be delay in the issuance
of permits. Post, at 368 (opinion of Barrett, J.). If that were true, one
would expect regulated parties to favor such provisions, but none has done
so. On the contrary, a long list of municipalities and other permittees
support San Francisco's position. See supra, at 338 -- 339; infra, at 355.
These sophisticated entities are better positioned than the dissent to judge
what is good for them.
354 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

to phase I permits. But the permit in question here is a
phase II permit, and the EPA does not claim that its inter-
pretation is supported by any CSO Policy provision relating
to such permits.15
In any event, the phase I language to which the EPA
points does not authorize the imposition of end-result re-
quirements. The policy states that a phase I permit should
require a permittee to "[c]omply with applicable [water
quality standards] expressed in the form of a narrative limi-
tation." 59 Fed. Reg. 18696. Our deci-
sion does not rule out "narrative limitations." "Limita-
tions," as we understand the term, see supra, at 346 -- 347,
are permitted under (1)(C), and limitations may be
expressed in both numerical and non-numerical (i. e., "narra-
tive") form.
Attempting to read more into the phase I language, the
EPA cites guidance it issued in 1995, but Congress did not
Page
15
Proof Pending Publication
In fact, the CSO Control Policy specifes exactly what a phase II per-
mit should contain, and those requirements are inconsistent with the end-
result limitation that the EPA imposes here. Under the policy, a phase
II should contain: (1) "[r]equirements to implement the technology-based
controls"; (2) "[n]arrative requirements which insure [sic] that the selected
CSO controls are implemented, operated and maintained as described in
the long-term CSO control plan"; (3) "[w]ater quality-based effuent limita-
tions... requiring, at a minimum, compliance with... numeric perform-
ance standards for the selected CSO controls"; (4) "[a] requirement to im-
plement, with an established schedule, the approved post-construction
water quality assessment program"; (5) "[a] requirement to reassess over-
fows to sensitive areas in those cases where elimination or relocation of
the overfows is not physically possible and economically achievable"; (6)
"[c]onditions establishing requirements for maximizing the treatment of
wet weather fows"; and (7) "[a] reopener clause authorizing the NPDES
authority to reopen and modify the permit upon determination that the
CSO controls fail to meet [water quality standards] or protect designated
uses." 59 Fed. Reg. 18696. Again, although the purpose is to improve
the quality of the relevant bodies of water, these permitting components
all relate to the dischargers' behavior and the permitting authority's su-
pervision of that behavior.
 Cite as: (2025) 355

Opinion of the Court

codify that guidance, and we are not obligated to accept ad-
ministrative guidance that conficts with the statutory lan-
guage it purports to implement. See Loper Bright Enter-
prises v. Raimondo, (2024). We also note that
other guidance issued by the EPA is arguably inconsistent.
See EPA, Combined Sewer Overfows: Guidance for Permit
Writers, at A -- 1 to A -- 7.
C
Finally, the EPA contends that the rejection of its inter-
pretation of 33 U. S. C. (1)(C) would have disruptive
consequences for businesses that rely on "general permits."
Brief for Respondent 38; Tr. of Oral Arg. 83. (General per-
mits cover an entire category of point sources in a given
area. See South Fla. Water Management Dist. v. Micco-
sukee Tribe, n. (2004).) Such permits are
important for certain businesses, such as home builders,
other construction companies, and certain agricultural enter-
Page Proof Pending Publication
prises, see Brief for National Association of Home Builders
et al. as Amici Curiae 1, 11, but no such company has sub-
mitted a brief supporting the EPA's interpretation. On the
contrary, a brief fled on behalf of such companies urges us
to reject the EPA's position. Id., at 4 -- 7. What is impor-
tant, these companies tell us, are narrative limitations other
than end-result requirements, and they specifcally cite pro-
visions demanding compliance with "best-management prac-
tices" and "operational requirements and prohibitions."
Our decision allows such requirements.

V
In sum, we hold that (1)(C) does not authorize the
EPA to include "end-result" provisions in NPDES permits.
Determining what steps a permittee must take to ensure
that water quality standards are met is the EPA's responsi-
bility, and Congress has given it the tools needed to make
that determination. If the EPA does what the CWA de-
mands, water quality will not suffer.
356 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

* * *
The judgment of the Ninth Circuit is reversed.

It is so ordered.
Justice Barrett, with whom Justice Sotomayor,
Justice Kagan, and Justice Jackson join, dissenting in
part.
The Environmental Protection Agency issued San Fran-
cisco a permit allowing it to discharge pollutants from its
combined sewer system into the Pacifc Ocean. The permit,
of course, does not give the city free rein, and among its
conditions are prohibitions on discharges that contribute to
a violation of applicable water quality standards. San Fran-
cisco challenges these conditions on the ground that EPA
lacks statutory authority to impose them. The city is
wrong. The relevant provision of the Clean Water Act di-
rects EPA to impose "any more stringent limitation" that is
Page Proof Pending Publication
"necessary to meet... or required to implement any applica-
ble water quality standard." 33 U. S. C. (1)(C).
Conditions that forbid the city to violate water quality stand-
ards are plainly "limitations" on the city's license to
discharge.
Notwithstanding the straightforward statutory language,
the Court sides with San Francisco. I join Part II of its
opinion, which rightly rejects the city's primary argument.
In Part III, however, the Court embraces an equally weak
theory -- that the permit's restrictions are not "limitations,"
as that word is ordinarily used. The Court's analysis is con-
trary to the text, so I respectfully dissent in part.

I
A
Under the Clean Water Act, "the discharge of any pollut-
ant by any person" is unlawful except as expressly author-
ized. 33 U. S. C.. As relevant here, authorization
 Cite as: (2025) 357

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

comes in the form of "National Pollutant Discharge Elimina-
tion System (NPDES) permits," which EPA (or, in some cir-
cumstances, a State) may issue to allow discharges. Before
issuing a permit, however, the Agency must ensure that
"such discharge will meet... all applicable requirements"
under several different statutory provisions. (1).
Section 1311(b) is one such provision. It works in two
steps for permits like San Francisco's. First, under
(1)(A), EPA must set "effuent limitations" that
"shall require the application of the best practicable control
technology currently available." " `[E]ffuent limitation' "
refers to a restriction "on quantities, rates, and concentra-
tions of chemical, physical, biological, and other constituents
which are discharged from point sources" into waters subject
to EPA's jurisdiction..
Second, under (1)(C), EPA must impose "any
more stringent limitation, including those necessary to meet
Page Proof Pending Publication
water quality standards,... or required to implement
any applicable water quality standard." Water quality
standards -- which are devised by the States and subject to
federal approval -- "consist of the designated uses of the navi-
gable waters involved and the water quality criteria for such
waters based upon such uses." (2)(A). Effuent
limitations, standing alone, are not always suffcient to pro-
tect the desired water quality, as set forth in the water qual-
ity standards. So point sources, " `despite individual compli-
ance with effuent limitations, may be further regulated to
prevent water quality from falling below acceptable levels.' "
Arkansas v. Oklahoma, (1992) ). Importantly, the Act
does not itself require dischargers to heed water quality
standards; the standards are enforceable only insofar as they
are incorporated into permit conditions under (1)(C).
Section 1311(b) therefore sets forth a coherent regime. In
the frst instance, EPA regulates water pollution through
358 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

technology-based effuent limitations that restrict the "quan-
tities, rates, and concentrations" of harmful materials that
permittees may discharge.. But when the
technology-based effuent limitations are insuffcient to en-
sure that the water quality standards are met, EPA has sup-
plemental authority to impose further limitations.

B
As the Court explains, San Francisco operates a combined
sewer system, which transports sewage and stormwater run-
off via the same conduits. See ante, at 341 -- 343. Such sys-
tems occasionally overfow in wet weather -- and when they
do, they discharge both stormwater and untreated sewage
into waters potentially regulated by the Clean Water Act.
59 Fed. Reg. 18689 (1994). As relevant here, "combined
sewer overfow" events from one component of San Francis-
co's sewer system result in the discharge of pollutants into
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Pacifc Ocean via the Southwest Ocean Outfall, which is
located within EPA's jurisdiction, 3.3 nautical miles off the
coast of San Francisco. These discharges are presumptively
unlawful under and hence require a permit.
The city's NPDES permit contains both the technology-
based effuent limitations required by (1)(A) and ad-
ditional limitations to protect the water quality standards
under (1)(C). This latter category includes two "re-
ceiving water limitations" -- requirements defning the per-
missible discharge by reference to its effect on the quality of
the waters that receive it, rather than by reference to the
nature of the discharge itself. (These are what the Court
calls " `end-result' requirements." Ante, at 338.) The frst
states that San Francisco "shall not cause or contribute to a
violation of any applicable water quality standard." App. to
Pet. for Cert. 97. The second provides that "[n]either the
treatment nor the discharge of pollutants shall create pollu-
tion, contamination, or nuisance" as defned by the California
Water Code. Id., at 339.
 Cite as: (2025) 359

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

The city's permit thus tracks the structure of. It
restrains discharges initially through technology-based ef-
fuent limitations, as required by (1)(A). But be-
cause the effuent limitations may be insuffcient to ensure
that California's water quality standards are met, the permit
contains supplemental limitations, as required by 
(1)(C). The concern that the technology-based effuent limi-
tations may fall short is on display in this case -- discharges
from components of San Francisco's sewer system have al-
legedly led to serious breaches of the water quality stand-
ards, such as "discoloration, scum, and foating material,
including toilet paper, in Mission Creek. " Complaint
in United States v. City and County of San Francisco,
No. 3:24 -- cv -- 02594 (ND Cal., May 1, 2024), ECF Doc. 1, p.
22. The receiving water limitations imposed under 
(1)(C) are included to ensure that such breaches do not occur.

II
Page Proof Pending
A Publication
San Francisco dedicates almost all its briefng to the prop-
osition that the receiving water limitations are unlawful be-
cause (1)(C) allows only effuent limitations. In
other words, San Francisco reads the phrase "any more
stringent limitation" to mean "any more stringent effuent
limitation." As the Court explains, this argument is fatly
inconsistent with the text of. See ante, at 344 -- 345.
In my view, the failure of that argument should have ended
this case.
The Court continues, however, with a theory largely of its
own making. Whatever "any more stringent limitation"
may mean, the Court says, it does not authorize EPA to di-
rect permittees to comply with the water quality standards.
This conclusion is puzzling. The entire function of
(1)(C) is to ensure that permitted discharges do not
violate state water quality standards. And as discussed
above, the provision gives EPA broad authority to achieve
360 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

that aim through conditions imposed in NPDES permits.
Why would that broad authority not allow EPA to tell per-
mittees that they must not cause or contribute to a viola-
tion of the very standards that (1)(C) serves to
safeguard?
The answer, according to the Court, is that a restriction
does not count as a "limitation" if the permittee must iden-
tify the steps necessary to comply with it. Ante, at 346.
San Francisco's permit only authorizes discharges that do not
degrade water quality below the applicable standard. It is
up to the city, however, to formulate a plan to achieve that
result. The city's plan, the Court asserts, is a "limitation"
on its discharges, but the permit condition is not. See ibid.
As best I can tell, the Court thinks that only the "direct
source of restriction or restraint" -- apparently, the most spe-
cifc restriction -- counts as a "limitation." Ibid.
The Court offers nothing to substantiate this proposition,
Page Proof Pending Publication
and it is wrong as a matter of ordinary English. It is com-
monplace for "limitations" to state "that a particular end re-
sult must be achieved and that it is up to the [recipient] to
fgure out what it should do." Ibid. For example, a com-
pany could impose spending "limitations" by requiring each
branch to spend no more than its allotted budget, while still
leaving branch managers fexibility to determine how to allo-
cate those funds. A doctor could impose a "limitation" on a
patient's diet by telling the patient that she must lose 20
pounds over the next six months, even if the doctor does not
prescribe a specifc diet and exercise regimen. And an air-
line could impose a "limitation" on the weight of checked
bags, even though it does not tell passengers what items to
pack. "Limitations" can be general as well as specifc, and
general limitations can call for more specifc ones.
In this context, "limitation" is simply a synonym for "[a]
restrictive condition." Funk & Wagnalls New Standard
Dictionary of the English Language 1437 (1952). And condi-
tions can be stated at many levels of generality -- including
 Cite as: (2025) 361

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

in terms of end results. A college may condition a scholar-
ship on the student's maintenance of a minimum GPA. A
homeowner may condition payment for a new roof on the
contractor's satisfaction of industry standards. An em-
ployer may condition job perks on the employee's perform-
ance. In each example, the condition is a limitation on a
beneft or payment. There are strings attached.
The Court also misconstrues (1)(C)'s reference to
limitations that are "necessary to meet" or "required to im-
plement" the water quality standards. As for the former
phrase, "necessary to meet" does not imply anything about
the specifcity or concreteness of the limitations adopted by
EPA. Rather, the limitations on San Francisco's permit are
"necessary to meet" the water quality standards because
without them, the standards would not bind the city. The
limitations thus ensure that San Francisco will " `comply
with,' " " `fulfll,' " " `satisfy,' " or " `come into conformity
Page Proof Pending Publication
with' " the water quality standards. Ante, at 347 ).
Nor does the phrase "required to implement" help the
Court. "Implement," the Court says, generally means " `to
give practical effect to and ensure of actual fulfllment by
concrete measures.' " Ante, at 347. That is true but incom-
plete. The full defnition reads: "to carry out: accomplish,
fulll,... esp: to give practical effect to and ensure of
actual fulfllment by concrete measures." Webster's Third
New International Dictionary 1134 (1976). So while the
word is often used in the sense of taking "concrete meas-
ures," such measures are not necessary to satisfy the defni-
tion of "implement."
Regardless, the receiving water limitations "implement"
the water quality standards in both the broad and narrow
senses of the word. They are required to "carry out[,] ac-
complish, [or] fulfll" the standards: When effuent limitations
fall short, discharges from the city's combined sewer system
will otherwise degrade water quality below the applicable
362 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

standard. Ibid. (capitalization altered). And the limita-
tions are "concrete measures," ibid., because they are the
means by which EPA "implement[s] any applicable water
quality standard," (1)(C). They give the standards
"practical effect" by making them enforceable. Id., at 1134.
There is no getting around it: The receiving water limita-
tions are "limitations." If they are vague or unreasonable,
they are vulnerable to challenge on one or both of those
grounds. See, e. g., Natural Resources Defense Council v.
EPA, 808 F. 3d 556, 578 (CA2 2015) (invalidating a receiving
water limitation as arbitrary and capricious). But even a
vague or unreasonable limitation is still a "limitation."

B
With the text of (1)(C) against it, the Court tries
to marshal support for its approach from the Clean Water
Act's history, as well as from what the Court describes as
the "broader statutory scheme." Ante, at 348 -- 352. Nei-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ther helps.
1
As for the statutory history: Advancing a specifc theory
of the congressional intent behind the Clean Water Act, the
Court contends that EPA's interpretation would revive the
"backward-looking" policy regime that the Act was designed
to replace. See ante, at 348 -- 349. Before the Act, the
United States enforced federal water pollution laws primar-
ily through abatement actions. See 33 U. S. C. (1970
ed.). Though the Act abolished this cause of action, the
Court claims that receiving water limitations function in es-
sentially the same way. Just as the United States did when it
brought abatement suits, EPA would have to " `work back-
ward from an overpolluted body of water' " to combat water
pollution. Ante, at 349. Thus, the Court insists, the use
of receiving water limitations would "undo" the Act's shift
from abatement suits to " `direct restrictions' on polluters."
 Cite as: (2025) 363

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

Ante, at 349.
Of course, no theory of "what Congress plainly sought to
achieve," ante, at 349, could justify an implausible interpre-
tation of (1)(C). Here, however, the Court does not
even deliver on the claim that its account "plainly" tracks
Congress's goal. Ante, at 349. Because receiving water
limitations do not actually replicate the old abatement re-
gime, the Court's rendition is not the only (much less the
most obvious) explanation for the statutory before and after.
There is another explanation, and it is one in which receiving
water limitations ft right in.
Under the old system, the United States could bring
abatement actions only after the pollution had already oc-
curred. See 33 U. S. C. (5) (1970 ed.). A glaring
problem with this approach is that an ex post enforcement
regime does not adequately deter polluters or prevent pollu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion. Making matters worse, this regime involved "cum-
brous enforcement procedures" that made it next to impossi-
ble to bring abatement actions. State Water Resources
Control Bd., 426 U. S., at 202; see also 33 U. S. C. (1970
ed.) (requiring, prior to an abatement action, that the United
States hold a conference of the relevant state agencies, then
provide the state agency six months to take remedial action,
then call a public hearing with the state agency and
the discharger); K. Murchison, Learning From More Than
Five-and-a-Half Decades of Federal Water Pollution Control
Legislation: Twenty Lessons for the Future, 32 Boston Col-
lege Env. Aff. L. Rev. 527, 534 (2005) ("According to a report
prepared by the Senate Committee on Public Works, the fed-
eral government initiated only one enforcement action under
the Federal Water Pollution Control Act prior to 1970").
Congress chose a different regulatory model when it
adopted the Act in 1972. The Act renders all discharges
presumptively unlawful. Then, under the current ex ante
permitting regime, EPA authorizes only those discharges
364 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

that comply with the Act. Should a permittee fail to comply
with the terms of its permit, EPA has broad authority to
sue. See 33 U. S. C. -- (d) (authorizing civil actions
for injunctive relief, civil penalties for violations, and in some
instances criminal sanctions).
The receiving water limitations imposed under 
(1)(C) are entirely consistent with this scheme. Again, the
technology-based effluent limitations imposed under
(1)(A) do the primary work of gating discharges at
the front end to minimize pollution. The (1)(C) lim-
itations guard against any residual risk that discharges will
violate the water quality standards. Because these limita-
tions supplement rather than replace the technology-based
effuent limitations, there is no risk that broadly worded re-
ceiving water limitations will recreate the ineffective abate-
ment regime that prevailed prior to 1972.
Furthermore, the receiving water limitations operate
within the broader context of the Act's permitting regime.
Page Proof Pending Publication
These permits impose a prospective requirement on permit-
tees to comply with permit conditions. Under the old re-
gime, a discharger could take an approach of "pollute frst
and apologize later," secure in the knowledge that an abate-
ment suit was unlikely and that such a suit would at most
allow judgment to "secur[e] abatement of any pollution
proved." 33 U. S. C. (1970 ed.). A permittee who
violates a permit condition, by contrast, necessarily exposes
itself to enforcement actions by EPA, as well as potential
penalties. See 33 U. S. C. -- (d). Receiving water
limitations, like any other permit condition, thus operate as
" `direct restrictions' on polluters." Ante, at 349.

2
The Court also claims that the receiving water limitations
are inconsistent with two features of the "broader statutory
scheme." Ante, at 350 -- 352. First, it contends that the re-
 Cite as: (2025) 365

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

ceiving water limitations are at odds with the permit shield
provision because violations of the permit condition (and the
attendant liability) are hard to predict. Ante, at 350 -- 351.
Second, it argues that the Clean Water Act is silent about
the problem of multiple dischargers into the same body of
water -- and if the Act allowed EPA to condition a permit on
maintaining water quality standards, the Court says, it
surely would have spelled out how to deal with such an obvi-
ous complication. Ante, at 351 -- 352. Both of these argu-
ments boil down to the Court's concern that receiving water
limitations might be unfair to permittees. In some circum-
stances, they might be. But any unfairness should be ad-
dressed through arbitrary-and-capricious challenges -- not a
statutory rewrite.
Start with the permit shield provision. Under,
compliance with the terms of a permit "shall be deemed com-
pliance" with various substantive provisions of the Act,
Page Proof Pending Publication
thereby shielding permit holders from liability. The Court
insists that receiving water limitations like those in the city's
permit would "eviscerat[e]" that beneft by failing to provide
fair notice. Ante, at 350 -- 351.
The permit shield provision, however, serves the specifc
role of immunizing permittees that comply with a permit.
See. For instance, it "insulate[s] permit holders
from changes in various regulations during the period of a
permit" and "relieve[s] them of having to litigate in an en-
forcement action the question whether their permits are suf-
fciently strict." E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Co. v. Train, (1977). The receiving water limita-
tions do not eliminate that beneft. It remains true that San
Francisco cannot be sued under the theory that the city's
permit is insuffcient to ensure compliance with the Act.
Really, the Court's argument reduces to the broader policy
concern that it may be diffcult for regulated entities to com-
ply with receiving water limitations and that they may lack
adequate notice of a violation. But again, that concern goes
366 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

to the question whether a particular receiving water limita-
tion is rational. If a permittee cannot reasonably determine
how to comply with a receiving water limitation, then the
permit condition may be invalidated as arbitrary and capri-
cious. (In fact, San Francisco made arbitrary-and-
capricious arguments below, but the Ninth Circuit rejected
them; the city did not seek this Court's review of that issue.
See 75 F. 4th 1074, 1092 -- 1093 (2023).) And as EPA acknowl-
edged at oral argument, the Agency "may not impose limita-
tions of any kind that are unconstitutionally vague." Tr. of
Oral Arg. 51. These concerns do not speak to the relevant
question here, which is whether receiving water limitations
comport with the Act.
The Court is also wrong to suggest that receiving water
limitations are categorically impermissible because there
may be multiple dischargers into one body of water in some
circumstances. See ante, at 351 -- 352. It makes little sense
to say that an agency always lacks authority to take a cer-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tain action just because the action would be unreasonable in
some scenarios. And as the Court itself recognizes, there is
no multiple-discharger problem here: San Francisco is the
only signifcant discharger at the Southwest Ocean Outfall.
Ante, at 352. If EPA does start imposing receiving water
limitations in contexts where permittees cannot control the
quality of the receiving waters -- such as where there are
multiple dischargers -- then, again, the permittee can bring
an arbitrary-and-capricious challenge.

3
Finally, the Court downplays the valuable uses of receiv-
ing water limitations. To begin, EPA imposes such limita-
tions when the Agency "lacks the information necessary to
develop more tailored limitations." Tr. of Oral Arg. 51.
That is the case here: San Francisco has consistently failed
to update its Long-Term Control Plan for managing com-
bined sewer overfows. See 75 F. 4th, at 1095 (observing
 Cite as: (2025) 367

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

that San Francisco has not updated its plan since 1991). By
imposing receiving water limitations, EPA was nevertheless
able to issue a permit to San Francisco while complying with
the Clean Water Act.
The Court does not explain what other course of action
EPA could take. Instead, it states, without citation, that
"EPA possesses the expertise... and the resources neces-
sary to determine what a permittee should do." Ante,
at 353. This bare assertion simply ignores the obvious
problem -- how is EPA expected to deploy its expertise when
it lacks the basic information necessary to make a decision?
The Court also suggests that the Agency could refuse to
issue a permit until the applicant provides the necessary in-
formation. Ibid. But this gives the game away: The entire
point of EPA's argument is that it is preferable for EPA to
impose broadly worded conditions in its permits than to deny
permits altogether and potentially shut down San Francisco's
Page Proof Pending Publication
sewer system. Nor can EPA simply "make use of its emer-
gency powers" when permittees fail to provide necessary in-
formation. Ibid. Such powers are available only when
there is "imminent and substantial endangerment to the
health of persons or to... the livelihood of... persons.". As the name "emergency" suggests, these powers
provide a limited avenue for the Agency to sue in response
to a crisis. They do not provide a solution to the problem
of noncompliant permittees.
Receiving water limitations are also useful when EPA is-
sues general permits to broad categories of dischargers (such
as for construction projects). See South Fla. Water Man-
agement Dist. v. Miccosukee Tribe, n. (2004)
(observing that such "permits greatly reduce... administra-
tive burden by authorizing discharges from a category of
point sources within a specifed geographic area"). In lieu
of individualized and prescriptive permitting conditions -- 
which would take time to craft and with which small busi-
nesses might have diffculty complying -- EPA instead allows
368 CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO v. EPA

Barrett, J., dissenting in part

the permittee to proceed under more general language.
EPA can therefore issue the permit quickly and give respon-
sible permittees fexibility to choose how to comply with
the permit.
After today, the alternative for entities seeking a general
permit is not for EPA to issue the permit without the
(1)(C) limitation. Instead, the alternative is for the
permit to be delayed or even denied. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
83 (If the Court "take[s] away [EPA's] ability to rely on these
sorts of prohibitions," then the Agency is "going to need to
ask for more information because it's only with that informa-
tion" that the Agency can "develop more tailored limita-
tions"). Section 1311(b)(1)(C) is not optional; EPA is re-
quired to issue the limitations necessary to ensure that the
water quality standards are met. So taking a tool away
from EPA may make it harder for the Agency to issue the
permits that municipalities and businesses need in order for
their discharges to be lawful.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The Court dismisses this concern, noting that "no... com-
pany has submitted a brief supporting... EPA's interpreta-
tion." Ante, at 355. But there is no reason to think that
the sampling of trade associations from which this Court
happens to hear refects the views of all potentially affected
parties. And in any event, neither the cited amicus brief
nor the Court itself has any response to EPA's straightfor-
ward point: If the Agency must impose individualized condi-
tions for each permittee under (1)(C), then it will be
more diffcult and more time consuming for the Agency to
issue permits.
* * *
Receiving water limitations are not categorically incon-
sistent with the Clean Water Act. Because the Court holds
otherwise, I respectfully dissent in part.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
Page Proof Pending Publication
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 334, line 1: "1151" is changed to "1251"
p. 335, line 10: "the" is inserted before "EPA"
p. 335, line 12: "the" is inserted before "EPA"
p. 335, line 6 from bottom: "the" is inserted before "EPA"
p. 336, line 29: "and remanded" is deleted
p. 339, line 8: "Boston College" is inserted before "Env."
p. 350, line 5: "(1)(B)" is replaced with "(1)(C)"
p. 363, line 9 from bottom: "Boston College" is inserted before "Env."
p. 363, line 9 from bottom: "L. Rev." is inserted after "Aff."

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 2
Pages 542 -- 592

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
April 2, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
542 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION v. WAGES AND
WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, L. L. C., dba TRITON
DISTRIBUTION, et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 1038. Argued December 2, 2024 -- Decided April 2, 2025
This case concerns whether the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) law-
fully denied respondents authorization to market certain electronic nico-
tine delivery system products -- known as electronic cigarettes, e-
cigarettes, or vapes. These products have rapidly gained popularity
during the past 20 years, offering existing smokers a potentially safer
alternative to traditional combustible cigarettes. But e-cigarettes
carry their own health risks, and the panoply of available favors -- which
include not only traditional cigarette favors (like tobacco and menthol)
but also fruit, candy, and dessert favors -- appeals to non-smokers, par-
ticularly younger Americans.
The FDA has long had the responsibility to determine whether manu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
facturers may market new drugs, but it was the passage of the Family
Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act of 2009 (TCA) that frst
gave the FDA broad jurisdiction to regulate tobacco products. Al-
though the Act barred the FDA from banning all regulated tobacco
products outright, see 21 U. S. C. (3), it prohibited a manufac-
turer from marketing any "new tobacco product" without FDA authori-
zation, see (2)(A). One pathway to authorization of a "new
tobacco product" is the submission of a premarket tobacco product appli-
cation. See (1)(A)(i). The TCA requires the FDA to deny such
an application unless an applicant shows that its product "would be ap-
propriate for the protection of the public health." (2)(A). To
determine this, the FDA must consider, among other things, "the risks
and benefts to the population as a whole" and "tak[e] into account" the
likelihood that users of existing tobacco products will stop using those
products and that non-users will start using them. (4).
In 2016, in response to the surging youth demand for favored prod-
ucts, the FDA deemed e-cigarettes "tobacco products." Given that
most e-cigarette products were not marketed in the United States be-
fore February 15, 2007, the vast majority of these products qualifed
as "new tobacco products" under the TCA. Most manufacturers of e-
cigarette products would thus need to comply with the TCA's
premarket-authorization regime to sell their products. This made the
 Cite as: (2025) 543

Syllabus

continued sale of most e-cigarette products illegal absent authorization.
So to give these manufacturers adequate time to submit premarket to-
bacco product applications, the FDA delayed enforcement for two to
three years. See 81 Fed. Reg. 28977 -- 28978. This permitted e-
cigarette products to remain on the market while manufacturers fled
their applications. A Federal District Court ultimately imposed a
deadline of September 9, 2020, for applications.
In the lead up to the application deadline, the FDA issued numerous
forms of guidance concerning premarket tobacco product applications
that orbited around four central themes: (1) the types of scientifc evi-
dence that would be required; (2) the importance of cross-product com-
parisons and investigations; (3) the FDA's enforcement priorities with
respect to device type; and (4) manufacturers' marketing plans, which
were described as "specifc restrictions on sale and distribution" meant
to deter new smokers from taking up e-cigarette products. App. 27.
In 2019, the FDA proposed a rule related to the submission of premar-
ket tobacco product applications, and the proposed rule distilled the four
topics discussed in the predecisional guidance. See 84 Fed. Reg. 50566,
50580, 50581, 50585, 50603.
Respondents submitted applications seeking approval to market and
sell favored e-liquids for open-system e-cigarettes. The FDA denied
Page Proof Pending Publication
respondents' applications, concluding they had not provided suffcient
scientifc evidence to demonstrate that the marketing of their products
would be appropriate for the protection of public health. Specifcally,
the FDA held respondents had not provided evidence from a randomized
controlled trial, longitudinal cohort study, or other "robust and reliable"
evidence that their dessert-, candy-, and fruit-favored products had
benefts over tobacco-favored products. Despite previously describing
marketing plans as "critical," the FDA decided "for the sake of eff-
ciency" not to evaluate respondents' marketing plans. To each denial
order, the FDA appended a "Technical Project Lead (TPL) Review."
See App. to Pet. for Cert. 177a, 285a. These lengthy documents, which
canvass the scientifc literature on youth e-cigarette use, refect the
FDA's evolving understanding of how favor, regardless of e-cigarette
device type, drives youth smoking initiation and nicotine addiction.
Respondents petitioned for judicial review of the FDA's denial orders
under the Administrative Procedure Act (APA). See (A)). The Fifth Circuit, sitting en banc, granted re-
spondents' petitions for review and remanded to the FDA. The en banc
majority held that the FDA had acted arbitrarily and capriciously by
applying application standards different from those articulated in its
predecisional guidance documents regarding scientifc evidence, cross-
favor comparisons, and device type. The court expressed particular
544 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Syllabus

concern about the FDA's failure to review marketing plans it previously
deemed critical. It also rejected the FDA's argument that any errors
were harmless.
Held:
1. As a preliminary matter, the Court declines to reach and thus ex-
presses no view on respondents' argument that the FDA erred in evalu-
ating respondents' applications under standards developed in adjudica-
tion rather than standards promulgated in notice-and-comment
rulemaking. This complicated question sweeps beyond the question
presented and lacks adequate briefng. P. 565.
2. The Fifth Circuit's conclusion that the FDA acted arbitrarily and
capriciously in its adjudication of manufacturers' premarket tobacco
product applications is vacated because the FDA's denial orders were
suffciently consistent with its predecisional guidance -- as to scientifc
evidence, comparative effcacy, and device type -- and thus did not run
afoul of the change-in-position doctrine. Pp. 566 -- 586.
(a) The Court analyzes the Fifth Circuit's conclusion that the FDA
acted arbitrarily and capriciously under the change-in-position doctrine,
which provides that "[a]gencies are free to change their existing policies
as long as they provide a reasoned explanation for the change," " `display
Page Proof Pending Publication
awareness that [they are] changing position,' " and consider " `serious
reliance interests.' " Encino Motorcars, LLC v. Navarro, -- 222. This doctrine asks two questions: frst, whether an agency
changed existing policy, and second, whether the agency displayed
awareness of the change and offered good reasons for the new policy.
Pp. 566 -- 571.
(b) The FDA's denial orders were suffciently consistent with its
predecisional guidance regarding scientifc evidence. The TCA states
that either "well-controlled investigations" or other "valid scientifc evi-
dence" if found "suffcient" may support a fnding that a new tobacco
product is "appropriate for the protection of the public health. "
(5)(A) -- (B). The TCA thus left the FDA broad discretion to de-
cide what sort of scientifc evidence an applicant was required to submit.
Across its various guidance documents, the FDA's main point was that
manufacturers who failed to submit evidence based on "well-controlled
investigations" would need to provide rigorous scientifc evidence that
the sale of their particular products would be appropriate for the protec-
tion of the public health. The applicants did not submit randomized
controlled trials or longitudinal cohort studies, so the fate of their appli-
cations turned on whether they submitted "other evidence" that met
the FDA's standard of scientifc rigor and relevance to their product.
 Cite as: (2025) 545

Syllabus

The FDA rejected respondents' applications because that test was not
met. As evidence of a change in position, respondents point to the
FDA's July 9, 2021, internal memorandum, which stated that the failure
to submit evidence from a randomized controlled trial or longitudinal
cohort study would constitute a "fatal faw" that would "likely" result
in denial of an application. But the FDA issued a superseding memo-
randum, which recognized that "other evidence" may demonstrate a
product is "appropriate for the protection of the public health," and the
FDA represents that it did not rely on the July 9, 2021, internal memo-
randum when adjudicating applications -- a representation afforded a
presumption of regularity. Pp. 571 -- 578.
(c) The FDA's comparative-effcacy requirement was not inconsist-
ent with its predecisional guidance. The TCA expressly contemplates
comparisons of different tobacco products, and the FDA's guidance elab-
orated on the types of comparisons that would be helpful. The FDA's
2019 guidance recommended that a manufacturer "compare the health
risks of its product to both products within the same category and
subcategory, as well as products in different categories as appropri-
ate," and its 2020 enforcement guidance telegraphed the FDA's view
that dessert-, candy-, and fruit-favored products were more likely
than tobacco- and menthol-favored products to appeal to the young.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Thus, when the FDA denied respondents' applications for failing to dem-
onstrate the beneft of their favored products over tobacco-favored
products, it was following a natural consequence of its predecisional
guidance. Pp. 578 -- 582.
(d) The FDA's treatment of device type did not violate the change-
in-position doctrine. The FDA's 2020 guidance did not establish a "safe
harbor" for non-cartridge-based products. Although the 2020 guidance
emphasized the FDA would prioritize enforcement against cartridge-
based products, it stated the FDA would also prioritize enforcement
against manufacturers "whose [products'] marketing is likely to promote
use by... minors." That latter category seemingly covers respond-
ents' products. Even if the FDA had changed its position in this re-
spect, it offered "good reasons," namely, evidence showing that youth
demand had moved from favored cartridge-based products to favored
disposable products. Fox Television, 556 U. S., at 515. From that evi-
dence, the FDA drew the reasonable inference that youth were most
strongly drawn by favor rather than device type. Pp. 582 -- 586.
3. The Fifth Circuit relied on an overly broad reading of Calcutt v.
FDIC, (per curiam), to reject the FDA's claim of harmless
error regarding the agency's change of position on marketing plans.
The FDA does not contest that despite assuring manufacturers that
marketing plans would be "critical" to their applications, the FDA ulti-
546 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Syllabus

mately did not consider respondents' marketing plans. The FDA ar-
gued below that any error in this respect was harmless error because it
issued denial orders to other manufacturers after reviewing marketing
plans that were materially indistinguishable from respondents'. The
Fifth Circuit rejected the FDA's harmless-error argument, relying on
this Court's decision in Calcutt for the proposition that "APA errors are
only harmless where the agency would be required to take the same
action no matter what. In all other cases, an agency cannot avoid re-
mand." 90 F. 4th 357, 390.
The Court agrees with the FDA that the Fifth Circuit read Calcutt
too broadly. That said, the proper standard presents a diffcult prob-
lem, requiring reconciliation of the so-called remand rule developed in
SEC v. Chenery Corp., 93 -- 95, with the APA's instruc-
tion that reviewing courts must take " `due account' " of " `the rule of
prejudicial error' " that "ordinarily appl[ies] in civil cases," Shinseki v.
Sanders,. The most natural
interpretation of the APA's language is that reviewing courts should
adapt the "rule of prejudicial error" applicable in ordinary civil litigation
(also known as the harmless-error rule) to the administrative-law con-
text, which, of course, includes the remand rule. In Calcutt, after recit-
ing the remand rule in strong terms, the Court acknowledged that a
Page Proof Pending Publication
"remand may be unwarranted... [w]here the agency `was required' to
take a particular action." 598 U. S., at 630. Although the Fifth Circuit interpreted Calcutt's discus-
sion to mean that there is only one exception to the remand rule, it has
long been accepted that a remand may not be necessary when an
agency's decision is supported by a plethora of factual fndings, only one
of which is unsound, because a remand would be pointless. See, e. g.,
Massachusetts Trustees of Eastern Gas & Fuel Associates v. United
States,. The existence of this exception is suffcient
to show that the Fifth Circuit's reading of Calcutt went too far. That
said, the FDA's reading of Sanders may also be excessive. The FDA
has not asked the Court to decide the harmless-error question at this
juncture, and the Court vacates and remands so the Fifth Circuit can
decide the question afresh without relying on its overly expansive read-
ing of Calcutt. Pp. 586 -- 592.
90 F. 4th 357, vacated and remanded.

Alito, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Sotomayor, J.,
fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 592.
 Cite as: (2025) 547

Counsel

Deputy Solicitor General Gannon argued the cause for
petitioner. With him on the briefs were Solicitor General
Prelogar, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Boynton, Vivek Suri, Joshua M. Koppel, Catherine Padhi,
Samuel R. Bagenstos, and Wendy S. Vicente.
Eric N. Heyer argued the cause for respondents. With
him on the brief were Joseph A. Smith and James C. Fraser.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts et al. by Andrea Joy Campbell, Attorney General
of Massachusetts, David C. Kravitz, State Solicitor, and Alda Chan and
Matthew Lashof-Sullivan, Assistant Attorneys General, and by the Attor-
neys General for their respective jurisdictions as follows: Kris Mayes of
Arizona, Rob Bonta of California, Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, William
Tong of Connecticut, Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Anne
E. Lopez of Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M. Frey of Maine,
Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison
of Minnesota, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Letitia James of New
York, Joshua H. Stein of North Carolina, Ellen F. Rosenblum of Oregon,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, Peter F. Neronha of Rhode Island,
Charity R. Clark of Vermont, and Robert W. Ferguson of Washington; for
Public Health, Medical and Community Groups by William B. Schultz,
Andrew N. Goldfarb, and Dennis A. Henigan; and for Sixteen Members
of Congress by Mark B. Samburg and Victoria S. Nugent.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Coalition of
Manufacturers of Smoking Alternatives by Erik S. Jaffe; for Electronic
Nicotine Delivery System Trade Associations et al. by Eric P. Gotting and
Azim Chowdhury; for the Goldwater Institute by Timothy Sandefur; for
Logic Technology Development LLC by Misha Tseytlin and Bryan M.
Haynes; for R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company et al. by Noel J. Francisco,
Donald F. McGahn II, Christian G. Vergonis, Ryan J. Watson, Andrew J.
M. Bentz, Charles E. T. Roberts, and Charles R. A. Morse; for the Taxpay-
ers Protection Alliance by Donald M. Falk and Erik S. Jaffe; for Thirteen
Members of Congress et al. by Jordan Sekulow, Donn Parsons, and Ben-
jamin P. Sisney; for Vaping Industry Stakeholders by J. Gregory Trout-
man; for the Vapor Technology Association by Anthony L. Abboud; and
for the Washington Legal Foundation by John M. Masslon II and Cory
L. Andrews.
Carter G. Phillips and Peter A. Bruland fled a brief for the Global
Action To End Smoking, Inc., as amicus curiae.
548 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

Justice Alito delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case concerns the efforts of the Food and Drug Ad-
ministration (FDA) to regulate the sale of "e-cigarettes," a
product that rapidly gained popularity during the past 20
years. The governing federal law, the Family Smoking Pre-
vention and Tobacco Control Act of 2009 (TCA), restricts the
sale of all "tobacco products" that were not commercially
marketed in the United States before February 15, 2007.
Unless otherwise authorized, a manufacturer may not in-
troduce such a product to the market until the FDA deter-
mines that it is "appropriate for the protection of the public
health." 21 U. S. C. (2)(A). In this case, we con-
sider whether the FDA lawfully denied authorization to
market certain favored e-cigarette products.

I
One of the FDA's longstanding responsibilities, dating
Page Proof Pending Publication
back nearly a century, is to determine whether manufactur-
ers may market new drugs. For much of that history, the
FDA lacked jurisdiction to regulate tobacco products. By
the time Congress conferred that authority in 2009, a new
product was ascendant on the market: the e-cigarette. This
product offers existing smokers a potentially safer alterna-
tive to traditional combustible cigarettes. But e-cigarettes
carry their own health risks, and they come in a dizzying
array of favors, many of which, such as dessert, candy, and
fruit favors, are particularly appealing to the young. The
surging youth demand for favored products -- and the pros-
pect of a new generation of smokers -- caught the FDA on its
back foot. In 2016, the agency declared that manufacturers
of e-cigarette products would need to obtain the same mar-
keting authorization that is required for other "tobacco prod-
ucts." The FDA's regulatory efforts culminated in the 2021
denial of over a million applications for favored e-cigarette
products. The dispute before us arises from that mass
denial.
 Cite as: (2025) 549

Opinion of the Court

A
The Pure Food and Drugs Act of 1906 was Congress's frst
foray into the comprehensive regulation of food and drugs.
The Act prohibited the interstate transportation of "any arti-
cle of food or drugs which is adulterated or misbranded."
Ch. 3915, 34 Stat. 768. That Act also vested important
responsibility in the precursor to the FDA, the Bureau of
Chemistry in the U. S. Department of Agriculture., id.,
at 769. But early in its tenure, the Bureau disclaimed any
authority to regulate tobacco products "labeled in such a
manner as to indicate their use for" nonmedicinal purposes
like "smoking or chewing or as snuff." Dept. of Agriculture,
Bureau of Chemistry, 13 Service and Regulatory Announce-
ments 24 (Apr. 1914) (Feb. 1914 Announcements ¶13, Opinion
of Chief of Bureau C. Alsberg). Congress later renamed the
Bureau of Chemistry, frst as the Food, Drug, and Insecticide
Administration and then as the FDA, the name by which we
Page Proof Pending Publication
know it today. A Historical Guide to the U. S. Government
249 (G. Kurian ed. 1998).
In 1938, Congress enacted the Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act (FDCA), which vastly expanded the FDA's
regulatory authority over "drugs and devices." 52 Stat.
1049. One of the FDCA's major innovations was the estab-
lishment of a system for premarket authorization under
which manufacturers are prohibited from marketing "any
new drug" in interstate commerce without the FDA's ap-
proval. -- (b), (d), id., at 1052; Historical Guide, at
251. To receive such authorization, manufacturers must
prove to the FDA that their new products are safe for use.
And if the FDA has "insuffcient information" to make that
determination, it must "issue an order refusing" marketing
authorization., 52 Stat. 1052.
By the middle of the 20th century, nearly one in two
Americans regularly smoked. See R. Rabin, A Sociolegal
History of the Tobacco Tort Litigation, 44 Stan. L. Rev. 853,
855 (1992). Toward the latter half of the century, however,
550 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

the public became increasingly aware of the "great" "poten-
tial hazard" of tobacco, Dept. of Health, Education, and Wel-
fare, Surgeon General's Advisory Committee, Smoking and
Health 25 (1964), and the addictive properties of nicotine, see
L. Goitein, G. Chernack, G. Liu, & M. Davis, Developments
in Policy: The FDA's Tobacco Regulations, 15 Yale L. & Pol'y
Rev. 399, 402 (1996).
The FDCA was enacted long before public awareness of
the dangers of smoking became widespread, and neither its
text nor its legislative history provided any indication that
tobacco products fell within the FDA's jurisdiction. See A.
Boeckman, An Exercise in Administrative Creativity: The
FDA's Assertion of Jurisdiction Over Tobacco, 45 Cath. U.
L. Rev. 991, 1015 (1996). Thus, during the frst 60 years
after the FDCA's enactment, the FDA (like the Chemistry
Bureau) repeatedly stated that it "lacked authority under
the FDCA to regulate tobacco absent claims of therapeutic
Page Proof Pending Publication
beneft by the manufacturer." FDA v. Brown & William-
son Tobacco Corp., (2000); see R. Kluger,
Ashes to Ashes: America's Hundred-Year Cigarette War, the
Public Health, and the Unabashed Triumph of Philip Morris
757 -- 759 (1997) (Kluger).
Tobacco regulation was largely left to Congress, which
enacted various statutes between 1965 and the turn of the
century to address the harms of tobacco use, including the
imposition of warning requirements (15 U. S. C., 1333,
4402(a)(1) (2000 ed.)); restrictions on the advertisement of
certain tobacco products (15 U. S. C., 4402(a)(2), (f)
(2000 ed.)); requirements that the Secretary of Health and
Human Services report on scientifc fndings about, among
other things, "the addictive property of tobacco" (42 U. S. C.
-- 2(b)(2) (1994 ed.)); and age restrictions on the sale or
distribution of tobacco products (42 U. S. C. -- 26(a)(1)
(2000 ed.)). See Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp., 529
U. S., at 137 -- 139, 143 -- 144. At no point during that period
did Congress grant the FDA jurisdiction to regulate tobacco
 Cite as: (2025) 551

Opinion of the Court

or tobacco products under the FDCA. And when the FDA
tried via regulation to assert such jurisdiction in 1996, see
61 Fed. Reg. 44619 -- 45318, this Court rejected that effort as
beyond the FDA's statutory authority, see Brown & Wil-
liamson Tobacco Corp., 529 U. S., at 126.
Against that backdrop, Congress enacted the Family
Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act of 2009, 123
Stat. 1776. The TCA vests the Secretary of Health and
Human Services, acting through the FDA, with the authority
that this Court previously found lacking: namely, the power
to regulate the manufacturing, marketing, sale, and distribu-
tion of tobacco products. See, id., at 1786. The TCA
explicitly granted the FDA regulatory authority over "ciga-
rettes, cigarette tobacco, roll-your-own tobacco, and smoke-
less tobacco." 21 U. S. C.. It also granted author-
ity to regulate "any other tobacco products" that the FDA
"by regulation deems" to meet the defnition of a tobacco
product. Ibid.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The TCA's reach was broad. While the Act barred the
FDA from banning all regulated tobacco products outright
or requiring manufacturers to reduce nicotine yields to zero,
see (3), it prohibited a manufacturer from marketing
any "new tobacco product" without FDA authorization, see
(2)(A). A "new tobacco product" is one that was not
marketed in the United States before February 15, 2007, and
the TCA subjected such products to a premarket authoriza-
tion process. See (1)(A), (a)(2).
One pathway to authorization of the sale of a new tobacco
product is the submission of a premarket tobacco product
application.1 (1)(A)(i). These applications require,

1
The TCA establishes a handful of other authorization pathways for new
tobacco products. For example, manufacturers may ask the FDA to make
a determination that a new tobacco product is substantially equivalent to
a product commercially marketed as of February 15, 2007. See 21 U. S. C.
(2) -- (3). And a showing of substantial equivalence may be un-
necessary for new tobacco products that make only minor modifcations
552 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

among other things, information about a product's compo-
nents and additives, the method by which it is manufactured,
any proposed labeling, and an assessment of its health risks.
See (1). There are many reasons why the FDA may
deny marketing authorization to a "new tobacco product,"
but of main importance here, the agency must deny an ap-
plication unless it is shown that the product "would be
appropriate for the protection of the public health. "
(2)(A).
To determine whether a product meets this standard, the
FDA must consider "the risks and benefts to the population
as a whole" and "tak[e] into account" the "increased or de-
creased likelihood" of two outcomes: frst, that the new prod-
uct will induce users of existing tobacco products such as
conventional cigarettes to stop using those products and,
second, that "those who do not use tobacco products will
start using" them. (4). The FDA's determination
Page Proof Pending Publication
regarding the likely effects of a new product must, "when
appropriate," be based on "well-controlled investigations" or
other "valid scientifc evidence" that is "suffcient to evaluate
the tobacco product." (5).
The FDA must act "[a]s promptly as possible" on a pre-
market tobacco product application and "in no event later
than 180 days af ter the receipt of an application. "
(1)(A). If the FDA denies an application for pre-
market authorization, "any person adversely affected" by the
denial has 30 days to seek judicial review in a court of ap-
peals. (1). The reviewing courts must in turn
apply the provisions of the Administrative Procedure Act
(APA). (A)).

to products commercially marketed as of February 15, 2007. See
(3)(A). Moreover, manufacturers may seek authorization for
"modifed risk tobacco products," that is, products used "to reduce harm or
the risk of tobacco-related disease associated with commercially marketed
tobacco products." (1), (g)(1).
 Cite as: (2025) 553

Opinion of the Court

B
At the end of the 20th century, tobacco manufacturers
tried without much luck to market safer alternatives to tra-
ditional cigarettes, such as "smokeless" cigarettes. See
Kluger 599 -- 604; Dept. of Health & Human Servs., E-
Cigarette Use Among Youth and Young Adults: A Report of
the Surgeon General 9 (2016) (2016 Surgeon General's Re-
port). But in 2007 a new product hit the American market:
electronic nicotine delivery systems, which are popularly
known as electronic cigarettes, e-cigarettes, or vapes. See
id., at 10; K. Lichtenberg, E-Cigarettes: Current Evidence
and Policy, 114 Mo. Med. 335 (2017). Practically overnight,
e-cigarettes became ubiquitous. Sales for e-cigarette prod-
ucts "surged exponentially" after 2010, 2016 Surgeon Gener-
al's Report 152, and according to one estimate, 11.2 million
American adults used e-cigarettes by 2016, see O. Obisesan
et al., Trends in E-Cigarette Use in Adults in the United
Page Proof Pending Publication
States, 2016 -- 2018, 180 JAMA Internal Med. 1394 (2020).
The impetus for the invention of e-cigarettes was the de-
sire to create a product that would reduce the health risks
of smoking. A traditional combustible cigarette contains
shredded tobacco wrapped in paper, and when lit, the tobacco
"catches fre" and "produces smoke, which contains nicotine"
and "tar" -- a "complex chemical mixture of more than 7,000
compounds that cause a wide range of diseases." Brief for
Global Action To End Smoking, Inc., as Amicus Curiae 14. In contrast, an e-
cigarette contains a battery, a heating element or atomizer,
a liquid nicotine reservoir, and a mouthpiece. See 2016 Sur-
geon General's Report 11. When an e-cigarette user inhales
through the device's mouthpiece, the heating coil engages,
and the liquid (called e-liquid or e-juice) turns into a nicotine-
infused vapor. See ibid. Unlike a traditional cigarette, an
e-cigarette does not release tar or other "byproducts of com-
bustion," but it does "emit potentially toxic substances," in-
cluding "fne particulate matter," "metals," and, of course,
554 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

nicotine. Brief for Global Action To End Smoking, Inc., as
Amicus Curiae 15 -- 16.
E-cigarettes typically come in either a "closed" or "open"
system. See 2016 Surgeon General's Report 151 -- 152.
Closed-system e-cigarettes contain a set amount of e-liquid
that is determined by the manufacturer. Some closed-
system products are designed to be discarded after the e-
liquid supply runs out, while others can be reused by insert-
ing a cartridge or pod that contains e-liquid. By contrast,
an open-system e-cigarette contains a "tank" that users can
manually refll with the desired amount of e-liquid. Users
of open-system products may mix their own e-liquids and
adjust the amount of e-liquid in the tank.
There is ferce public debate about the potential benefts
and harms of e-cigarettes. On one hand, many view e-
cigarettes as a harm-reduction tool. They enable current
smokers who are addicted to nicotine to reduce exposure to
Page Proof Pending Publication
some of the more harmful byproducts of traditional combus-
tible cigarettes. See id., at 10 -- 11; National Academies of
Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, Committee on the Re-
view of the Health Effects of Electronic Nicotine Delivery
Systems, Public Health Consequences of E-Cigarettes 18
(2018). On the other hand, e-cigarettes, as noted, pose their
own health risks, and there is concern that the use of e-
cigarettes by non-smokers -- and especially young non-
smokers -- may eventually lead them to smoke conventional
cigarettes. See id., at 532 -- 535.
Early on, evidence began to mount that young Americans
are particularly drawn to e-cigarette products. By the mid-
2010s, approximately 2.4 million high-school students and
620,000 middle-school students reported using an e-cigarette
at least once in the last 30 days. 2016 Surgeon General's
Report 5, 10. And a more recent estimate suggests that
approximately 3.6 million American middle- and high-school
students used an e-cigarette within a 30-day period. See
 Cite as: (2025) 555

Opinion of the Court

Congressional Research Service, H. Sheikh & V. Green, FDA
Regulation of Tobacco Products 1 (2021).
One particular feature of e-cigarette products appears to
drive this youth demand: the panoply of e-liquid favors.
One nearly decade-old estimate found that there were 7,700
unique e-liquid favors, including not only favors that were
familiar to cigarette smokers (tobacco and menthol) but also
fruit, candy, and dessert favors that were appealing to non-
smokers. See 2016 Surgeon General's Report 11. The ka-
leidoscope of favor options adds to the allure of e-cigarettes
and has thus contributed to the booming demand for such
products among young Americans. See ibid.
Because the popularity of e-cigarettes is a relatively recent
phenomenon, these products initially escaped the FDA's reg-
ulatory reach. But in 2016, the FDA issued a rule deeming
e-cigarettes and e-liquids to be "tobacco products." 81 Fed.
Reg. 29028 (2016). Since most e-cigarette products were
Page Proof Pending Publication
"not commercially marketed in the United States as of Feb-
ruary 15, 2007," the deeming rule retroactively rendered
such products "new tobacco products" subject to the TCA's
premarket-authorization regime. 21 U. S. C. (1)(A).
And because those products had not received premarket au-
thorization, the effect of the rule was to make their contin-
ued sale illegal. Companies that proceeded to sell their
products without such authorization would be subject to stiff
penalties. See, 333(a)(1), and (f)(9).
To give these manufacturers adequate time to apply for
"premarket" authorization, the FDA delayed enforcement for
two to three years. See 81 Fed. Reg. 28977 -- 28978. This per-
mitted e-cigarette products to remain on the market while
manufacturers fled their applications. Initially, applications
were due by August 8, 2018. See Vapor Tech. Assn. v. FDA,
977 F. 3d 496, 498 (CA6 2020) (per curiam). The FDA later tried via guidance to extend
the compliance deadline through 2022, but a Federal District
556 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

Court ultimately imposed a deadline of September 9, 2020,
adding to the time crunch for compliance. See American
Academy of Pediatrics v. FDA, 399 F. Supp. 3d 479, 487 (Md.
2019) (imposing a May 12, 2020, deadline); Order in Ameri-
can Academy of Pediatrics v. FDA, No. 18 -- cv -- 883 (D Md.,
Apr. 22, 2020), ECF Doc. 182, p. 1 (extending the deadline to
September 9, 2020, due to the COVID -- 19 pandemic); see also
Vapor Tech. Assn., 977 F. 3d, at 498 -- 500 (detailing the shift-
ing compliance deadline).
C
At the center of this case are the FDA's actions leading
up to its adjudication of manufacturers' premarket tobacco
product applications. The agency proposed a rule outlining
application requirements, issued guidance to assist e-
cigarette manufacturers, and crafted internal memoranda
discussing how applications were to be reviewed. These vo-
luminous and discursive documents paint a picture of an
Page Proof Pending Publication
agency that was feeling its way toward a fnal stance and
was unable or unwilling to say in clear and specifc terms
precisely what applicants would have to provide. Pervading
these documents are four overarching topics that animate
the dispute before us.
1
The frst topic was the types of scientifc evidence needed
to show that an e-cigarette product is "appropriate for the
protection of the public health." (2)(A). Recall
that the TCA states that "well-controlled investigations"
may support such a showing "when appropriate, "
(5)(A), as can "other `valid scientifc evidence' if
found suffcient to evaluate the tobacco product," App. 28
(5)(B)). At an October 23, 2018, public
meeting, an FDA offcial opined that "[i]n most situations,"
the FDA would expect "some analytical testing specifc to [a
manufacturer's] product." FDA/Center for Tobacco Prod-
ucts, Tobacco Product Application Review, A Public Meet-
 Cite as: (2025) 557

Opinion of the Court

ing October 22 -- 23, 2018 -- Day 2, Sess. 7, Part 2, at 2:12:35 -- 
2:12:43, https://www.fda.gov/tobacco-products/ctp-newsroom/
tobacco-product-application-review-public-meeting#Video2
(2018 Presentation Video). But the FDA also assured man-
ufacturers that no "specifc studies," "[y]outh behavioral
data," or "new nonclinical or clinical studies" would be re-
quired. FDA, Premarket Tobacco Product Application Con-
tent Overview 18, 26 (Oct. 23, 2018), https://www.fda.gov/
media/117507/download (2018 Presentation). The FDA said
much the same thing in a lengthy 2019 guidance document,
noting that the "relatively new entrance" of e-cigarette prod-
ucts meant that "limited data may exist from scientifc stud-
ies and analyses." App. 28. So, according to this docu-
ment, the FDA would not require "long-term studies," and
manufacturers could instead rely on various alternatives,
like observational studies, literature reviews, or evidence
bridging their new tobacco product to "a studied tobacco
Page Proof Pending Publication
product." Id., at 28, 99 -- 105.
After manufacturers submitted millions of applications for
favored e-cigarette products, the FDA "develop[ed] a new
plan to effectively manage" the scientifc evidence underly-
ing the onslaught of applications. Id., at 242. In a July 9,
2021, internal memorandum, the FDA took a far less capa-
cious view of the scientifc evidence it would consider. Spe-
cifcally, the FDA said that it would consider it a "fatal faw"
if an application lacked scientifc evidence about a product
based on either a randomized controlled trial or a longitu-
dinal cohort study. Id., at 243. A "fatal faw" would lead
to a manufacturer's "likely receiv[ing] a marketing denial
order" for that product. Ibid.
Over a month later on August 17, 2021, the FDA issued
another internal memorandum that differed in some respects
from the July memorandum. It stated that, in addition to
randomized controlled trials and longitudinal cohort studies,
the FDA "would also consider evidence from another study
design, provided that it could reliably and robustly assess
558 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

behavior change" and "compar[e] users of favored products
with those of tobacco-favored products." Id., at 247, n. ix.
Then, on August 25, 2021, just before denying respondents'
applications, the FDA rescinded the August 17, 2021, memo-
randum and stated it would "not consider or rely" on it when
evaluating premarket tobacco product applications. Id., at
282.
2
The second topic was the need for manufacturers to com-
pare their proposed products to other products. The TCA
requires premarket tobacco product applications to provide
"full reports of all information... concerning investigations
which have been made to show" that a new product "pre-
sents less risk than other tobacco products." 21 U. S. C.
(1)(A). Elaborating on that standard at a presenta-
tion on October 23, 2018, an FDA offcial encouraged appli-
cants to provide comparisons between their products and a
Page Proof Pending Publication
"representative sample of tobacco products on the market."
2018 Presentation 11. And a 2019 guidance document simi-
larly recommended comparisons of "the health risks of [a
manufacturer's] product to both products within the same
category and subcategory, as well as products in different
categories as appropriate." App. 30. The 2019 guidance
also gave manufacturers discretion to choose comparator
products as long as the FDA could "understand [an] appli-
cant's rationale and justifcation for [the] comparators chosen."
Ibid. Later that year at a public meeting, an FDA offcial of-
fered the same general advice that a successful premarket to-
bacco product application "may include comparisons to other
tobacco products in the same category or in other categories
or subcategories." FDA/CTP, Deemed Tobacco Product
Applications, Video Presentation of Premarket Tobacco
Product Applications (PMTAs) Review Process and Re-
sources (Oct. 28, 2019), at 31:10 -- 31:16, https://collaboration.fda.gov/ptf 21jryjxyk/?OWASP_CSRFTOKEN=7a8d148
ac776ca8f 3aec38aff7dee12ea4988c1caed05010cded06ab7496
714f.
 Cite as: (2025) 559

Opinion of the Court

3
In a lengthy April 2020 guidance document,2 the FDA
elaborated on a third theme: its enforcement priorities based
on device type. The agency said it would "prioritize en-
forcement of favored, cartridge-based" e-cigarette products
"other than tobacco- and menthol-favored products." App.
160. It claimed that "youth overwhelmingly prefer
cartridge-based" products, which are "easy to conceal, can
be used discreetly, may have a high nicotine content, and
are manufactured on a large scale." Id., at 163. And the
document asserted that certain favors, such as candy and
fruit favors, "are a strong driver for youth use." Id., at 164;
see also id., at 190 (discussing the increased use of "fruit-
and candy-favored" products). Although the FDA sug-
gested that its focus on favored, cartridge-based products
"should have minimal impact on small manufacturers (e. g.,
vape shops) that primarily sell non-cartridge-based" prod-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ucts, it noted that it would also prioritize enforcement
against "[a]ll other [e-cigarette] products for which the manu-
facturer has failed to take (or is failing to take) adequate
measures to prevent minors' access," as well as "[a]ny [e-
cigarette] product that is targeted to minors or whose mar-
keting is likely to promote use of [e-cigarettes] by minors."
Id., at 160 -- 161.
4
The fnal theme cutting across these documents is the
FDA's unfinching advice that manufacturers should submit
"marketing plans" as part of their applications. "Marketing
plans" broadly refer to a manufacturer's "specifc restrictions
on sale and distribution" that could, for example, "decreas[e]
2
The Fifth Circuit suggested that the FDA's 2020 guidance does not
apply here because respondents manufacture "bottles of favored nicotine
liquids," not e-cigarette products themselves. 90 F. 4th 357, 369 (2024)
(en banc). But the 2020 guidance concerned the FDA's enforcement prior-
ities with respect to "[e]lectronic nicotine delivery systems" or "ENDS,"
and, as the guidance document explains, "[e]-liquids are a type of ENDS
product." App. 143 (emphasis deleted).
560 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

the likelihood that those who do not use tobacco products
will start using tobacco products." Id., at 27. In its 2019
guidance, the FDA urged manufacturers to "shar[e]" their
"marketing plan[s] to enable FDA to better understand the
potential consumer demographic" of their products. Id., at
83. The 2020 enforcement guidance hit the same note, sug-
gesting the FDA "intend[ed] to consider" marketing plans
and that such plans would be relevant to the agency's en-
forcement "prioritization." Id., at 167, 169. The FDA even
offered examples of what marketing restrictions manufac-
turers might consider, including screening retailers, age-
verifcation technology, mystery-shopper programs, controls
over distributors, and quantity limits. Id., at 167 -- 169, 223.
It also cautioned that, based on its experience, "focusing on
how the product was sold" and "age verifcation" "would not
be suffcient to address youth use." Id., at 215, 220 -- 221.

D
Page Proof Pending Publication
In 2019, the FDA proposed a rule setting out the require-
ments for premarket tobacco product applications. See 84
Fed. Reg. 50566 (2019). That proposed rule, in signifcant
part, crystallized the four themes discussed above. It of-
fered specifcs on the "types of [scientifc] investigations"
that applications "would be required to contain." Id., at
50603; see, e. g., ibid. (listing "[c]ross sectional and longitudi-
nal surveys," "epidemiologic studies," and "analytic studies"
like "randomized controlled clinical trials, cohort studies, and
case control studies"); id., at 50599 (proposing "health risk
investigations" besides new clinical studies). The proposed
rule also required certain cross-product comparisons. See
id., at 50603 (requiring that applicants "submit investigations
that have been made to show whether the tobacco product
has the same or different potential health risks... than other
tobacco products"). And it underscored the importance of
device type with respect to product testing. See id., at
50585 (proposing requirements for constituent testing spe-
 Cite as: (2025) 561

Opinion of the Court

cifc to open-system products). In addition, the proposed
rule obligated manufacturers to submit marketing plans,
which were described as "provid[ing] input that is critical"
to the agency's review. Id., at 50580, 50581.
Notice-and-comment rulemaking takes time, and with a
court-imposed deadline fast approaching, the FDA pro-
ceeded to adjudicate the frst major wave of premarket to-
bacco product applications in August and September 2021
without a fnal rule and the standards it included. It was
not until October 5, 2021, that the FDA adopted the fnal
rule. See 86 Fed. Reg. 55300 (2021).

1
Respondents Wages and White Lion Investments, LLC,
doing business as Triton Distribution, and Vapetasia, LLC,
manufacture favored e-liquids for open-system e-cigarettes.
Their e-liquid favor offerings include "Killer Kustard Blue-
Page Proof Pending Publication
berry," "Rainbow Road," "Iced Blackberry Lemonade,"
"Pineapple Express," "Suicide Bunny Mother's Milk and
Cookies," and "Blueberry Parfait." See App. 396, 546, 587,
593, 605, 608.
Respondents submitted premarket tobacco product appli-
cations on September 9, 2020, the fnal court-ordered dead-
line. As the FDA recommended in its guidance, their appli-
cations included marketing plans, which touted respondents'
use of third-party age-verifcation technology, quantity lim-
its, and requirements for retailers to develop compliance
checks. See id., at 431 -- 436, 441. To show the safety of
their products, respondents "pool[ed] resources" with "other,
similarly situated e-liquid companies" to "fund the develop-
ment of certain, required non-product specifc data," includ-
ing what they characterized as a "comprehensive review of
the scientifc literature." Id., at 311. One of the respond-
ents, Vapetasia, also submitted the results of a cross-
sectional survey of current and former adult e-cigarette
smokers. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 280a.
562 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

The FDA received applications from more than 500 compa-
nies in total, covering more than 6.5 million e-cigarette prod-
ucts. See FDA Denies Marketing Applications for About
55,000 Flavored E-Cigarette Products for Failing To Provide
Evidence They Appropriately Protect Public Health (Aug.
26, 2021), https://fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/
fda-denies-marketing-applications-about-55000-flavored-e-
cigarette-products-failing-provide-evidence. Almost a year
after the court-ordered deadline, the FDA adjudicated its
frst slate of premarket tobacco product applications and is-
sued marketing denial orders to three manufacturers whose
applications covered 55,000 favored e-cigarette products.
See ibid. The FDA concluded that the manufacturers failed
to provide "suffcient product-specifc scientifc evidence to
demonstrate enough of a beneft to adult smokers that would
overcome the risk posed to youth." Ibid. Such "scientifc
evidence," the agency said, "would likely be in the form of a
Page Proof Pending Publication
randomized controlled trial or longitudinal cohort study," but
the FDA promised that it remained open to "other types of
evidence" that are "suffciently robust and reliable." Ibid.
Shortly thereafter, the FDA denied respondents' applica-
tions. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 166a, 278a. It concluded
that respondents had not provided suffcient scientifc evi-
dence to demonstrate that the marketing of their products
would be appropriate for the protection of public health.
See id., at 166a -- 167a. Specifcally, the FDA held respond-
ents had not provided evidence from a randomized controlled
trial, longitudinal cohort study, or another "reliabl[e] and ro-
bus[t]" method showing that their dessert-, candy-, and fruit-
favored products had benefts "over an appropriate compa-
rator tobacco-favored" product. Id., at 167a. With such
evidence lacking, the FDA deemed respondents' products
"misbranded" and "adulterated" under the FDCA. Id., at
168a.
To each denial order, the FDA appended a "Technical Proj-
ect Lead (TPL) Review." See id., at 177a, 285a. These
 Cite as: (2025) 563

Opinion of the Court

lengthy documents have several noteworthy features. To
start, they offer a window into the FDA's evolving under-
standing of how favor, regardless of e-cigarette device type,
drives youth smoking initiation and nicotine addiction. The
reviews canvass the scientifc literature on youth e-cigarette
use and explain that this literature had led the agency to
conclude that favors make e-cigarette smoking "more palat-
able for novice youth and young adults" and may "increase
nicotine exposure by potentially infuencing the rate of nico-
tine absorption." Id., at 190a, 298a. What is more, the FDA
stated, young people are drawn to particular favors, and the
FDA anticipated that its crackdown on one type of e-cigarette
device would lead youth to fock to a different type of device
to continue using a desired favor. See id., at 192a, 300a.
Despite the FDA's prior representations about the impor-
tance of marketing plans, the reviews stated that, "for the
sake of effciency," the FDA had decided not to evaluate
respondents' marketing plans. Id., at 200a -- 201a, n. xix,
Page Proof Pending Publication
308a -- 309a, n. xix. The FDA acknowledged that it "is theo-
retically possible that signifcant mitigation efforts" could
decrease the appeal of favored e-cigarettes to a suffcient
degree to counterbalance the documented risks of such
products, but it found that none of the marketing plans the
FDA had seen had managed to do that. Ibid.
The FDA estimates that in its frst wave of marketing or-
ders, it issued denials to 320 applicants, who sought approval
for approximately 1.2 million products. See Tr. of Oral
Arg. 33.
2
Respondents petitioned for review in the Fifth Circuit. A
motions panel initially granted a stay of their marketing de-
nial orders pending review, see 16 F. 4th 1130, 1134 (2021),
but a divided merits panel ultimately denied the petitions,
see 41 F. 4th 427, 430 (2022).
The court then reheard the case en banc, granted respond-
ents' petitions for review, and remanded to the FDA. The
564 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

en banc majority held that the FDA had acted arbitrarily
and capriciously in denying respondents' applications. In
its view, the FDA performed a surprise switch from the re-
quirements articulated in the various predecisional docu-
ments. 90 F. 4th 357, 362 (2024). The court pointed to sev-
eral main examples of this phenomenon, including the FDA's
positions on scientifc evidence, cross-favor comparisons, and
device type. See, e. g., id., at 376, 377, 384. The court ex-
pressed particular concern that the FDA pulled the rug out
from under manufacturers by "not even read[ing] the mar-
keting plans it previously said were critical." Id., at 372.
Although the FDA's attorneys represented that the agency
had reviewed " `summar[ies]' " of respondents' marketing
plans, the court deemed that representation an illicit post
hoc rationalization. Id., at 373.
In a footnote, the en banc majority also suggested that
the FDA had violated a provision of the TCA's notice-and-
Page Proof Pending Publication
comment requirements, see 21 U. S. C. -- (d), by im-
posing a "de facto ban on favored e-cigarettes" through mass
adjudicatory denials, 90 F. 4th, at 384,.
Having found that the FDA had erred in these ways, the
court rejected the FDA's suggestion that any errors were
harmless. Relying heavily on our decision in Calcutt v.
FDIC, (2023) (per curiam), the court suggested
that "APA errors are only harmless where the agency would
be required to take the same action no matter what. In all
other cases," the court concluded, "an agency cannot avoid
remand." 90 F. 4th, at 390. And, in a brief alternative
analysis, the court found that each of the FDA's errors
"plainly affected the procedure used" and was prejudicial.
Ibid..
Judge Haynes, joined by four other judges, dissented.
See ibid. Judge Graves joined the dissent in part. See id.,
at 405.
The en banc Fifth Circuit's decision conficted with those
of other Circuits, and we granted the FDA's petition for a
 Cite as: (2025) 565

Opinion of the Court

writ of certiorari. (2024). We now vacate
and remand.
II
The question we agreed to decide is whether the FDA
acted arbitrarily and capriciously in denying respondents'
applications for premarket approval of their tobacco prod-
ucts. See Pet. for Cert. I. But before tackling that ques-
tion, we briefy address as a preliminary matter an argument
that is touched on in respondents' brief: namely, that either
the APA or the TCA required the FDA to use notice-and-
comment rulemaking to set out the requirements that must
be met in a premarket tobacco product application.
Unless Congress has specifed otherwise, agencies are gen-
erally free to develop regulatory standards "either by gen-
eral [legislative] rule or by individual order" in an adjudica-
tion. SEC v. Chenery Corp., -- 203 (1947)
(Chenery II). Of course, if a statute requires rulemaking,
the affected agency must comply. Ibid. And that is what
Page Proof Pending Publication
respondents claim in passing here. Respondents' defense of
the decision below is based almost entirely on 5 U. S. C.
(A) and related case law. But their brief also sug-
gests that the FDA's decision to issue denials based on stand-
ards developed in adjudication violated other provisions of
the APA and TCA that, they claim, required notice-and-
comment rulemaking. See Brief for Respondents 47 -- 49,
and. This echoes an argument the Court of Appeals
made in a short footnote. See 90 F. 4th, at 384, (1)(A), (a)(2), (c) -- (d)).
We did not grant certiorari on that question, and without
adequate briefng, it would not be prudent to decide it here.
See Anza v. Ideal Steel Supply Corp., 
(2006). Accordingly, we do not reach that question and ex-
press no view on its merits.3
3
Respondents' amici offer numerous alternative grounds for affrmance.
Three of these arguments are based on the Constitution: (1) that the TCA
unconstitutionally delegated lawmaking power to the FDA with respect
566 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

III
We now turn to the Court of Appeals' holding that the
FDA acted arbitrarily and capriciously. That decision was
multifaceted, but its analysis boils down to a central concern:
it faulted the FDA for allegedly changing the requirements
for premarket tobacco product applications between the time
of its guidance and the denials of respondents' applications.
The feature of our current case law on arbitrary-and-
capricious review that addresses that issue is our change-in-
position doctrine. Under that doctrine, we must ask
whether the FDA changed course and, if it did, whether it
offered satisfactory reasons for the change. Analysis of the
FDA's position prior to the denials at issue requires a close
reading of nuanced statements in a body of guidance docu-
ments that evidence the agency's evolving assessment of the
relevant issues. Affected parties may have come away with
the impression that the agency would apply a less demanding
Page Proof Pending Publication
standard of proof than is evident in the denial orders the
FDA ultimately issued, but in the end, we cannot say that

to, among other things, the necessary contents of a premarket tobacco
product application, see Brief for Taxpayers Protection Alliance as Ami-
cus Curiae 7 -- 8; (2) that the relevant provisions of the TCA are unconstitu-
tionally vague, see id., at 6 -- 8; and (3) that respondents were denied due
process, see Brief for Washington Legal Foundation as Amicus Curiae 8 -- 
11; Brief for Thirteen Members of Congress et al. as Amici Curiae 13 -- 
16. Some amici also argue that the FDA violated our "major questions"
doctrine. See, e. g., Brief for Vaping Industry Stakeholders as Amici Cu-
riae 30 -- 34; Brief for Thirteen Members of Congress et al. as Amici Cu-
riae 6 -- 13.
Although these issues have a bearing on what appears to have been the
Court of Appeals' animating concern -- i. e., that the FDA did not give
respondents and other applicants fair and accurate notice regarding what
it would insist that an application contain -- these arguments fall outside
the scope of the question presented, were not passed on below, and were
not pressed in respondents' brief. We therefore decline to reach them.
See, e. g., Atlantic Marine Constr. Co. v. United States Dist. Court for
Western Dist. of Tex., (2013). And our opinion should not
be read to suggest any view on their merits.
 Cite as: (2025) 567

Opinion of the Court

the FDA improperly changed its position with respect to sci-
entifc evidence, comparative effcacy, or device type. With
respect to the FDA's guidance on marketing plans, we clarify
the appropriate legal standard governing claims of harmless
error, and we remand to the Fifth Circuit to apply that
standard in the frst instance.

A
We begin with our change-in-position doctrine. The APA
requires a reviewing court to "hold unlawful and set aside
agency action" found to be "arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of
discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law." 5
U. S. C. (A). Our well-worn arbitrary-and-capricious
standard ensures that an administrative agency "examine[d]
the relevant data and articulate[d] a satisfactory explanation
for its action including a rational connection between the
facts found and the choice made." Motor Vehicle Mfrs.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Assn. of United States, Inc. v. State Farm Mut. Automobile
Ins. Co., (1983). The scope of this review "is narrow," and review-
ing courts must exercise appropriate deference to agency de-
cisionmaking and not substitute their own judgment for that
of the agency. Ibid.
Our case law identifes numerous ways in which an agency
may act arbitrarily and capriciously. The Fifth Circuit con-
cluded that the FDA overstepped this standard in four such
ways. In its view, the FDA (1) "invent[ed] post hoc justif-
cations" for its failure to consider applicants' marketing
plans; (2) failed to give "fair notice" of the evidentiary and
comparative requirements that would be imposed at the ap-
plication stage; (3) changed its position regarding scientifc
evidence and device type; and (4) faulted respondent "for re-
lying in good faith on [its] previous" guidance. 90 F. 4th, at
371 -- 386.
All four of these principles orbit around the same basic
concern: an agency should not mislead regulated entities.
568 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

The essence of respondents' argument is that the FDA told
them in guidance documents that it would do one thing and
then turned around and did something different when it re-
viewed their applications.
The change-in-position doctrine is administrative law's an-
swer to that problem. Under that doctrine, "[a]gencies are
free to change their existing policies as long as they provide
a reasoned explanation for the change," " `display awareness
that [they are] changing position,' " and consider " `serious
reliance interests.' " Encino Motorcars, LLC v. Navarro,
-- 222 (2016) ). For reasons we
explain, the change-in-position doctrine provides the govern-
ing framework here.
Respondents appear to recognize as much, although they
suggest at times that the applicable requirements are not
just part of arbitrary-and-capricious review but are rooted
Page Proof Pending Publication
in part on the constitutional right to due process. See Brief
for Respondents 28 -- 29, 35, 44. In substance, however, there
is little difference in the standard they ask us to apply.4
They do not rely on four distinct administrative-law princi-
ples; rather, their arguments before this Court rest primar-
ily on the FDA's supposed change in position regarding appli-
cation requirements. See id., at 29 -- 42, 45 -- 47; Tr. of Oral
Arg. 88. To the extent respondents raise a freestanding
"fair notice" argument, see id., at 90, the exact contours of
that contention are somewhat unclear. By asking us to af-
frm the decision below, respondents do not now suggest that

4
At one point, however, respondents seem to suggest that the FDA
violated their due-process rights simply because it failed to provide clear
notice before it denied their applications and thus effectively put them out
of business. See Brief for Respondents 44. But the freestanding due-
process question to which the respondents feetingly refer lies outside the
question on which we granted review and is not well developed in their
brief. We therefore decline to decide it. See Anza v. Ideal Steel Supply
Corp., (2006).
 Cite as: (2025) 569

Opinion of the Court

under the TCA the FDA "had an affrmative obligation to
issue specifc guidance" as to how it would evaluate favored
products. Brief for Respondents 33. Instead, respondents merely support the
Fifth Circuit's conclusion that when an agency issues guid-
ance, it cannot "change the requirements set forth therein
without consideration of applicants' reasonable reliance in-
terests, proper notice to applicants, and a reasonable oppor-
tunity for applicants to conform to the changed require-
ments." Ibid. It is unclear what, if any, daylight exists
between that conception of "fair notice" and our change-in-
position doctrine. See, e. g., Encino Motorcars, 579 U. S., at
221 -- 222 ("In explaining its changed position, an agency must
also be cognizant that longstanding policies may have engen-
dered serious reliance interests that must be taken into
account.... [A] reasoned explanation is needed for disre-
garding facts and circumstances that underlay or were
engendered by the prior policy" (internal quotation marks
Page Proof Pending Publication
omitted)).
B
The change-in-position doctrine asks two questions. The
frst is whether an agency changed existing policy.5 And we
have suggested that this occurs when an agency acts "incon-

5
The parties assume that the change-in-position doctrine applies when
an agency abandons a position it frst articulated in a nonbinding guidance
document. We have traditionally applied the change-in-position doctrine
when an agency shifts from a position expressed in a more formal setting.
See, e. g., FCC v. Fox Television Stations, Inc., (2009).
True, we have on at least one occasion applied the doctrine when an
agency altered a position frst stated in a policy statement. See Depart-
ment of Homeland Security v. Regents of Univ. of Cal., 
(2020). But as we explained in that case, the policy statement instituted
"a standardized review process" that "effectively" resembled adjudication.
Id., at 18. Given neither party has pressed this argument here, we as-
sume, without deciding, that the change-in-position doctrine applies to an
agency's divergence from a position articulated in nonbinding guidance
documents.
570 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

sistent[ly]" with an "earlier position," id., at 224, performs
"a reversal of [its] former views as to the proper course,"
State Farm, 463 U. S., at 41, or "disavow[s]" prior "inconsist-
ent" agency action as "no longer good law," Fox Television,
556 U. S., at 517. For
example, we have held that an agency changed its position
when it rescinded a prior regulation, see State Farm, 463
U. S., at 41 -- 42, "expand[ed] the scope of its enforcement ac-
tivity," Fox Television, 556 U. S., at 517, and "abandon[ed a]
decades-old practice" applied in enforcement actions, Encino
Motorcars, 579 U. S., at 218.
Once a change in agency position is identifed, the doctrine
poses a second question: Did the agency "display awareness
that it is changing position" and offer "good reasons for the
new policy"? Fox Television, 556 U. S., at 515. At this sec-
ond step, the agency does not need to show "that the reasons
for the new policy are better than the reasons for the old
Page Proof Pending Publication
one." Ibid. Nor must it "provide a more detailed justif-
cation than what would suffce for a new policy created on a
blank slate." Ibid. But the agency must "be cognizant
that longstanding policies may have `engendered serious reli-
ance interests that must be taken into account.' " Encino
Motorcars, 579 U. S., at 221 -- 222.
Echoing the Fifth Circuit, respondents claim that the FDA
violated the change-in-position doctrine with respect to the
four principal themes discussed above. See supra, at 556 -- 
560. First, according to respondents, the FDA, after initially
telling applicants that no specifc kinds of scientifc evidence
were required, turned around and rejected all applications
lacking evidence from a randomized controlled trial or longi-
tudinal cohort study. See Brief for Respondents 37, 40 -- 42.
Second, respondents claim, the FDA told applicants they had
discretion to choose appropriate comparator products, but it
ultimately denied applications on the ground that they failed
to make specifc comparisons between dessert-, candy-, and
 Cite as: (2025) 571

Opinion of the Court

fruit-flavored products, on the one hand, and tobacco-
favored products on the other. See id., at 27 -- 36. Third,
respondents claim that the FDA abandoned earlier guidance
about the importance of device type and instead denied au-
thorization to all dessert-, candy-, and fruit-favored e-
cigarette products regardless of device type. See id., at 45 -- 
47. And fourth, according to respondents, the FDA went
back on its word by failing even to consider their marketing
plans. See id., at 49 -- 50.
As to the frst three issues, we conclude that the FDA's
denial orders were suffciently consistent with its predeci-
sional guidance and thus did not run afoul of the change-in-
position doctrine. As to the failure to consider marketing
plans, the FDA does not seek review of the Fifth Circuit's
fnding of error. See Brief for Petitioner 31. Rather, it
asks us to clarify the harmless-error rule and remand for
application of the proper standard. See id., at 38. We
agree with the FDA that that is the appropriate course of
Page Proof Pending Publication
action.
1
We frst address the FDA's position on scientifc evidence.
In respondents' view, the FDA initially stated that manufac-
turers would not need to provide specifc kinds of studies
like randomized controlled trials or longitudinal cohort stud-
ies but then treated such evidence as essential.

a
Respondents express frustration about the lack of clear
prior notice regarding the type of scientifc evidence that
was essential for approval of an application, but we cannot
agree with their argument that the FDA went back on any
commitments made in the guidance it provided before ruling
on respondents' applications.
Both the TCA itself and the FDA's guidance left the
agency broad discretion to decide what sort of scientifc evi-
dence an applicant was required to submit. The TCA itself
572 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

imposes only basic requirements on this matter. It says
that the agency's determination of what "would be appro-
priate for the protection of the public health" must be made
based on either "well-controlled investigations, which may
include 1 or more clinical investigations by experts qualifed
by training and experience to evaluate the tobacco product,"
21 U. S. C. (5)(A), or -- and this is
the point that is critical here -- other "valid scientifc evi-
dence" that "is suffcient to evaluate the tobacco product,"
(5)(B). The TCA leaves it to the FDA to decide
what constitutes a "well-controlled investigatio[n]" or other
"valid scientifc evidence" that is "suffcient."
Before ruling on respondents' and other manufacturers'
applications, the FDA addressed the issue of scientifc evi-
dence in a series of lengthy documents and oral presenta-
tions by agency offcials, but it is hard to fnd in all this ver-
biage any specifc commitments about exactly what sorts of
Page Proof Pending Publication
scientifc evidence an applicant would have to provide. As
we will detail below when we discuss the particulars of re-
spondents' applications, the FDA commented on the strength
of various types of evidence and how particular types of evi-
dence would likely be evaluated, but at no point did it lay
down any clear test.
For example, during an October 23, 2018, public meeting,
an agency offcial said that "[i]n most situations it is likely
that at least some [new] analytical testing specifc to the
product would be conducted to support" an application.
2018 Presentation Video, at 2:12:35 -- 2:12:44.
The offcial then offered examples such as "randomized con-
trolled clinical trials"; "alternatives" like "pharmacokinetic,"
"pharmacodynamic," "biomarker," "topography," or "focus
group studies"; published peer-reviewed literature; and liter-
ature reviews more generally. Id., at 2:13:07 -- 2:14:44. But
the offcial never stated that any particular type of study was
necessary. On the contrary, the FDA acknowledged that it
was open to evidence besides "new nonclinical or clinical
 Cite as: (2025) 573

Opinion of the Court

studies." 2018 Presentation 26. And the FDA promised
that it would consider evidence "bridging" new tobacco prod-
ucts to already marketed products whose safety was backed
by "existing clinical, nonclinical, or product information."
Id., at 18, 27. None of this amounted to anything like a
hard-and-fast commitment as to the minimum evidence the
agency would require for marketing authorization.6
A June 2019 guidance document was similarly noncommit-
tal. After reiterating the statutory requirement of "well-
controlled investigations," the document recognized that the
"relatively new entrance" of e-cigarettes "on the U. S. mar-
ket" meant that "limited data may exist from scientifc stud-
ies and analyses." App. 28 (5)(A)).
As a result, the document stated, the FDA would consider
"other `valid scientifc evidence' if found suffcient." App.
28. But it cautioned that "[n]onclinical studies alone are
generally not suffcient." Ibid.
The guidance document went on to give examples of "other
Page Proof Pending Publication
evidence" that might suffce, but in doing so, it cautioned
about the need for scientifc rigor. For example, while stat-
ing that applicants could cite "data from the published litera-
ture or government-sponsored databases," it warned that
such data must be "adequately bridged to your product" with
"a scientifc rationale." Id., at 98. The document told man-
ufacturers that they could also cite "[p]ublished literature
reviews (including meta-analysis)," but that such evidence is
"considered a less robust form of support." Id., at 100.
And applicants were advised that they could "conduc[t] inde-
pendent analyses of published studies," but that "if critical

6
It is true that the FDA's accompanying slideshow represented that
"[n]o specifc studies" would be required for a premarket tobacco product
application. 2018 Presentation 26. But in light of what the TCA itself
demanded (i. e., "well-controlled investigations" or other "suffcient" "sci-
entifc evidence") and the FDA offcial's numerous examples throughout
the presentation, the obvious import of the "[n]o specifc studies" state-
ment was that many different types of studies could potentially suffce.
574 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

study details are not submitted, the studies may not be use-
ful in FDA's review." Id., at 102.
A fair summary of the main point made in all this guidance
is that (a) it was not essential for manufacturers to submit
evidence based on "well-controlled investigations," such as
randomized controlled trials or longitudinal cohort studies,
but (b) if they did not do so, they would have to provide
rigorous scientifc evidence that the sale of their particular
products would be appropriate for the protection of the pub-
lic health. In this case, the applicants did not submit ran-
domized controlled trials or longitudinal cohort studies, so
the fate of their applications turned on whether they submit-
ted "other evidence" that met the FDA's standard of scien-
tifc rigor and relevance to their product. The FDA re-
jected respondents' applications because it concluded that its
"other evidence" test was not met, and the explanation in its
denial orders echoed statements made at various points in
Page Proof Pending Publication
its earlier guidance.
Both respondents relied on a "comprehensive review of the
scientifc literature." Id., at 303, 392. But respondents had
notice from the 2019 guidance that the FDA considered liter-
ature reviews "a less robust form of support." Id., at 100.
The 2019 guidance also instructed that applicants submitting
literature reviews should, among other things, "[i]nclude
comparative assessments of the health risks associated with
use of [a manufacturer's] new tobacco product compared to
the risks associated with quitting tobacco product use, using
other tobacco products, and never using tobacco products."
Id., at 101. Respondents' literature review did the opposite.
It concluded that "there is not enough evidence... to deter-
mine whether e-cigarette favors aid in smoking cessation."
Id., at 475.
One of the respondents, Vapetasia, submitted results from
a cross-sectional survey fnding that "82.99% of survey re-
spondents indicated that e-cigarettes helped them quit smok-
ing combustible tobacco." 41 F. 4th, at 436. But the FDA
 Cite as: (2025) 575

Opinion of the Court

concluded the survey was not adequately tied to Vapetasia's
favored products. App. to Pet. for Cert. 280a. That re-
quirement echoed the 2019 guidance's advice that manufac-
turers submitting evidence from "new nonclinical... stud-
ies" should "explain why [a] study is relevant to use for the
[manufacturer's] product (e. g., the similarities between the
product, product use, or product market)." App. 98 -- 99.
Based on the FDA's largely noncommittal guidance on sci-
entifc evidence and its specifc reasons for rejecting respond-
ents' applications, we cannot say that the agency deviated
"from a prior policy sub silentio or simply disregard[ed]"
what it had previously said. Fox Television, 556 U. S., at
515. In line with the agency's prior guidance, each denial
order was based on the applicant's failure to provide either
evidence from well-controlled investigations, such as "a ran-
domized controlled trial and/or longitudinal cohort study,"
see App. to Pet. for Cert. 167a, or other evidence that was
found to be "reliabl[e] and robus[t]," id., at 167a -- 168a. No
Page Proof Pending Publication
change in position occurred in this respect.

b
Contrary to respondents' contention, this conclusion is not
undermined by the FDA's scientifc-review form, which con-
tained checkboxes to indicate whether an applicant submit-
ted a randomized controlled study (Criterion A), a longitudi-
nal cohort study (Criterion B), or other evidence "related to
potential beneft to adults" (Criterion C). App. 615 -- 638; see
Brief for Respondents 32. Criterion C appears to defeat re-
spondents' argument, but they contend that the FDA made
it clear that this criterion demanded a study of the effect of
favored products on adult smokers " ` "over time" ' " and that
this requirement duplicated Criterion B, which looked for a
"longitudinal cohort study." Id., at 37.
This argument fails because a "longitudinal cohort study"
and evidence of a product's effects "over time" are not the
same thing. The term "longitudinal study" is typically used
576 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

to describe a particular kind of long-term study, namely,
one that "employ[s] continuous or repeated measures to fol-
low particular individuals over prolonged periods of time -- 
of ten years or decades. " E. Caruana, M. Roman, J.
Hernández-Sánchez, & P. Solli, Longitudinal Studies, 7 J.
Thoracic Disease E537 (2015). Not every study that consid-
ers a product's effects "over time" falls within this
understanding.7
c
Based on the FDA's internal memoranda from the summer
of 2021, respondents argue that the agency secretly enforced
a new requirement that manufacturers must submit evidence
from either a randomized control trial or longitudinal cohort
study. See Brief for Respondents 31 -- 32. Recall that the
FDA's July 9, 2021, memorandum stated that the failure to
submit such evidence would constitute a "fatal faw" that
would "likely" result in denial of an application. App. 243.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Even though this statement, like most of what the FDA said
in its guidance, was not categorical, it certainly suggested a
much harder stance than was implied by the FDA's public
statements, which told applicants that "other evidence"
might be capable of proving a new tobacco product's appro-
priateness for the protection of public health.
Respondents suggest that the FDA surreptitiously applied
the "fatal faw" memorandum, and as evidence, they note
that until well after their applications were denied, the FDA
7
In a related argument, respondents argue that the FDA "repeatedly
represented that it did not expect long-term clinical studies" in predeci-
sional guidance but later required such studies. Brief for Respondents
41. But a "long-term study" and evidence "over time" are not the same
thing. As the 2019 guidance explained, the FDA describes "long-term
studies" as "those studies that are conducted over six months or longer."
App. 29. Nothing in the denial orders suggested that the FDA imposed
a rigid requirement that evidence come from such studies. And the 2019
guidance also underscored the FDA's expectation that applicants present
evidence about the "possible long-term health impact" of their new tobacco
products. Ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 577

Opinion of the Court

rejected all applications for favored products. But agencies
are entitled to a presumption of regularity, Citizens to Pre-
serve Overton Park, Inc. v. Volpe, (1971),
and the record offers enough support for us to conclude that
the FDA never enforced a rigid "fatal faw" standard.
To start, a later internal memorandum dated August 17,
2021, appeared to contradict the "fatal faw" memorandum.
The new memorandum represented that the FDA "would
also consider evidence from another study design" besides
randomized controlled trials and longitudinal cohort studies,
"provided that it could reliably and robustly assess behavior
change" and "compar[e] users of " dessert-, candy-, and fruit-
favored "products with those of tobacco-favored products."
App. 247, n. ix. The FDA also acknowledged that "indirect
evidence or bridged data from the literature might still be
appropriate for many new products" too. Id., at 266. Even
though the FDA predicted these "other types of evidence"
Page Proof Pending Publication
would "not likely be suffciently robust or direct," the August
17, 2021, memorandum is unambiguous that the FDA would
nevertheless consider such evidence. Id., at 267.
This memo might be viewed as dooming any argument
based on the earlier "fatal faw" memorandum, but on Au-
gust 25, 2021, the FDA rescinded the August 17, 2021, memo-
randum and represented that it would "not consider or rely
on [it] as a supporting document." Id., at 282.
Rescission of the August 17 memorandum raises the ques-
tion whether that action effectively reinstated the July 9,
2021, "fatal faw" memorandum or was a pretext to mask the
FDA's adherence to secret criteria. But the FDA repre-
sents that these internal memoranda played no role in its
review of applications, see Reply Brief 11 -- 12, and for us to
peel back the curtain on that representation would have re-
quired respondents to make a "strong showing of bad faith
or improper behavior," Overton Park, 401 U. S., at 420; see
also Department of Commerce v. New York, (2019) ("[J]udicial inquiry into `executive motivation' rep-
578 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

resents `a substantial intrusion' into the workings of another
branch of Government and should normally be avoided"
)). Respond-
ents have not surmounted the high standard that must be
met to warrant such a "substantial intrusion" into the Execu-
tive's functioning. Id., at 268,.
We thus conclude that respondents failed to show that the
FDA changed its position with respect to the scientifc evi-
dence supporting premarket tobacco product applications.

2
Next, we turn to the FDA's comparative-effcacy require-
ment, which called on manufacturers to compare the health
effects of their dessert-, candy-, and fruit-favored products
to those of tobacco-favored products. On respondents'
Page Proof Pending Publication
reading of the record, the FDA initially gave applicants
broad discretion to select appropriate comparators for their
products, but it later categorically rejected applications that
failed to show that "favored e-cigarettes promote more
switching than unfavored" or tobacco-favored e-cigarettes.
90 F. 4th, at 376 -- 377; accord, Brief for Respondents 29 -- 33.

a
The record does not suggest that the FDA contradicted
its predecisional guidance by requiring certain cross-favor
comparisons. To start, the TCA expressly contemplates
comparisons of different tobacco products. It requires an
applicant to provide "full reports of all information... con-
cerning investigations which have been made to show...
whether [its] tobacco product presents less risk than other
tobacco products." 21 U. S. C. (1)(A). Moreover, the FDA's determination that a new to-
bacco product is "appropriate for the protection of the public
health" is an inherently comparative judgment. The FDA
 Cite as: (2025) 579

Opinion of the Court

must account for the "increased or decreased likelihood that
existing users of tobacco products will stop using such prod-
ucts" and the "increased or decreased likelihood that those
who do not use tobacco products will start using such prod-
ucts." (4). This balancing test calls out for various
types of comparisons, including comparisons between new
tobacco products and those that are already available, as well
as between different types of new tobacco products that may
attract new smokers.
Through its predecisional guidance, the FDA elaborated
on the types of comparisons that would be helpful. Echoing
the TCA, the June 2019 guidance document recommended
that a manufacturer "compare the health risks of its product
to both products within the same category and subcategory,
as well as products in different categories as appropriate."
App. 30. The FDA went on to explain what it means for
manufacturers to make comparisons to "similar, marketed to-
Page Proof Pending Publication
bacco products in the same category." Id., at 58. "For ex-
ample," it advised, "if your [application] is for an e-liquid,
we recommend a comparison to other e-liquids with similar
nicotine content, favors, and other ingredients, used in the
same manner and under similar conditions." Ibid. The
plain implication of this statement is that the FDA might
consider whether an application for a favored product in-
cluded a comparison with other products in the favored
category.
Other parts of the 2019 guidance also underlined the
FDA's concern about "the potential impact of favors on
product toxicity and appeal to youth and young adults." Id.,
at 87. The FDA noted that it "considers the appeal and use
of [e-cigarette] product favors important in ascertaining the
health risks of these products" and thus recommended "sci-
entifc reviews of favors." Id., at 87 -- 88. Specifcally, it
called on manufacturers to "examine the impact of the favor-
ing on consumer perception... especially given the attrac-
tiveness of favors to youth and young adults." Id., at 88.
580 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

Further, in its 2020 enforcement guidance, the FDA tele-
graphed its view that dessert-, candy-, and fruit-favored
e-cigarette products are more likely than tobacco- and
menthol-favored products to appeal to the young. The
FDA noted its intent to "prioritize enforcement of favored"
e-cigarette products "other than tobacco- and menthol-
favored products," id., at 160, and observed that "youth use
of mint- and fruit-favored [e-cigarette] products is higher
than that of menthol- and tobacco-favored [e-cigarette] prod-
ucts." Id., at 163. The FDA also relied on data that favors
like tobacco and menthol "were preferred more by adults
than youth." 8 Id., at 162.
When it reviewed respondents' applications, the FDA did
not contradict any previously announced position with re-
spect to the comparative effects of differently favored prod-
ucts. As respondents' marketing denial orders stated, their
applications were unsuccessful because they failed to "dem-
onstrat[e] the beneft of " their dessert-, candy-, and fruit-
Page Proof Pending Publication
favored e-cigarette "products over an appropriate compara-
tor tobacco-favored" e-cigarette product. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 167a. Admittedly, the FDA has not pointed us to any
portion of its predecisional guidance that said in so many
words that manufacturers must draw that precise compari-
son. And, in fact, the 2019 guidance gave manufacturers
some discretion in choosing appropriate comparators as long
as the "FDA [could] understand [an] applicant's rationale and
justifcation for comparators chosen." App. 30. But the
FDA's comparative-effcacy standard was a natural conse-
quence of its predecisional guidance, which highlighted,
among other things, (1) the need for robust cross-product

8
An initial draft of the 2020 guidance exempted from enforcement prior-
ity mint-favored products, treating them similarly to tobacco- and
menthol-favored products. But in the revised 2020 guidance that we dis-
cuss here, the FDA no longer exempted mint-favored products based on
new evidence that youth are also drawn to mint favors. See App. 162 -- 
164.
 Cite as: (2025) 581

Opinion of the Court

comparisons (including on the dimension of favor) and (2)
the FDA's heightened concern with dessert-, candy-, and
fruit-favored products compared to tobacco- and menthol-
favored products. Such a predictable outgrowth from pre-
vious guidance is not an "[u]nexplained inconsistency"
amounting to a "change" under the change-in-position doc-
trine. National Cable & Telecommunications Assn. v.
Brand X Internet Services, (2005); cf. Long
Island Care at Home, Ltd. v. Coke, (2007)
("The Courts of Appeals have generally interpreted this to
mean that the fnal rule the agency adopts must be a logical
outgrowth of the rule proposed" ).
b
Respondents contend that the FDA "said nothing about
comparing" dessert-, candy-, and fruit-favored "products to
tobacco-favored products," Brief for Respondents 27, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
even suggested manufacturers could "freely select" compara-
tors as long as they provided adequate "justifcation or ra-
tionale" for their comparator choice, id., at 30 -- 31.
As we noted, respondents are correct that the FDA did not
provide this precise instruction in its predecisional guidance.
But, as an FDA offcial noted at the 2018 public presentation,
manufacturers were encouraged throughout the application
process to think hard about "what is or are the most ap-
propriate comparators" to their products. 2018 Presenta-
tion Video, at 1:57:37 -- 1:57:42. And the agency's subsequent
guidance emphasized the importance of cross-product compa-
rators and the FDA's specifc worry that dessert-, candy-,
and fruit-favored products would appeal to youth more than
tobacco- and menthol-favored products. The FDA is thus
better understood as having extended, not reversed, its pre-
vious guidance. See supra, at 580 and this page.
Quite tellingly, respondents appear to have received the
FDA's message on this front. Their applications are replete
with statements attempting (albeit unsuccessfully) to draw
582 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

comparisons between dessert-, candy-, and fruit-favored and
tobacco-favored products -- the same sort of comparisons for
which the FDA allegedly provided no notice. See, e. g., App.
320 ("Another recent survey of more than 69,000 adult vapers
found that just 16% identifed tobacco, menthol, or mint as
favors they used most often; the vast majority preferred
fruit and sweet favors"); ibid. (" `Fruity' favor was the num-
ber one favor preference by 49.98% of all respondents.
Only about 3% of all respondents stated that they preferred
no favor"); id., at 321 (noting that a third of surveyed smok-
ers "stated they started out using tobacco or menthol favors
but now always or almost always use other favors"). All
that is to say, respondents' applications are themselves
strong evidence that regulated entities had adequate notice
of the sort of comparative analysis the FDA anticipated.
Furthermore, even assuming the predecisional guidance
did not perfectly predict the comparative-effcacy standard
ultimately applied to applications, the FDA was not required
Page Proof Pending Publication
to issue such guidance in the frst place. Respondents do
not argue that the TCA imposed an affrmative obligation on
the FDA to spell out in detail how it expected applicants to
compare a new tobacco product to other tobacco products.
See Brief for Respondents 33. Rather, as we have ex-
plained, the FDA had discretion to work out the meaning of
the TCA's comparative standard when evaluating premarket
tobacco product applications. See 21 U. S. C. 
(1)(A), (c)(4). A contrary rule would be in tension with
Chenery II's teaching that, absent a statutory prohibition,
agencies may generally develop regulatory standards
through either adjudication or rulemaking. 332 U. S., at
202 -- 203.
3
Finally, we turn to the issue of device type. In respond-
ents' view, the FDA's 2020 guidance saw a material distinc-
tion between cartridge-based and other favored products,
but when it came to ruling on applications, the FDA effec-
 Cite as: (2025) 583

Opinion of the Court

tively imposed a fat ban on all favored products. Brief for
Respondents 45 -- 47.
a
We cannot agree with respondents that the denial orders'
treatment of device type was "inconsistent" with any "ear-
lier position." Encino Motorcars, 579 U. S., at 224. The
2020 guidance explained how the FDA "intend[ed] to priori-
tize [its] enforcement resources." App. 129. Specifcally,
the agency planned to target three types of e-cigarette prod-
ucts: (1) "[f]lavored, cartridge-based" products; (2) "[a]ll
other [e-cigarette] products for which the manufacturer has
failed to take (or is failing to take) adequate measures to
prevent minors' access"; and (3) "[a]ny [e-cigarette] products
targeted to, or whose marketing is likely to promote use by,
minors." Id., at 145. Admittedly, on any reading of this
guidance document, the FDA's central concern was the frst
category because data suggested "youth are more likely to
Page Proof Pending Publication
use certain favored, cartridge-based [e-cigarette] products."
Id., at 147.
But nothing in the 2020 guidance suggested the FDA
would decline to take enforcement action against other prod-
ucts that might be appealing to the young. In fact, the
FDA's enumeration of the second and third enforcement pri-
orities, which are not limited to favored cartridge-based
products, supports the contrary conclusion. So when the
FDA ultimately denied authorization to respondents' fa-
vored (though non-cartridge) products, it did not reverse
course. Rather, it followed through on the 2020 guidance's
warning that the agency would also prioritize enforcement
against manufacturers "whose [products'] marketing is likely
to promote use by... minors." Id., at 145. Indeed, the
FDA's marketing denial orders stated that respondents' ap-
plications were "insuffcient to demonstrate that the[ir] prod-
ucts would provide an added beneft that is adequate to out-
weigh the risks to youth." App. to Pet. for Cert. 168a.
That is a consistent application of the 2020 guidance's en-
584 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

forcement framework or, at the very least, an application
that did not "revers[e the FDA's] former views as to the
proper course." State Farm, 463 U. S., at 41.
This case is unlike Fox Television, in which we held that
an agency changed position by "expanding the scope of its
enforcement activity." 556 U. S., at 517. That case con-
cerned the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) en-
forcement of the federal indecency ban against the use of
offensive words on broadcast television. Initially, the FCC
distinguished between literal and nonliteral uses of offensive
words and determined that feeting uses of nonliteral offen-
sive words were not actionably indecent. See id., at 508.
But then, in a subsequent adjudication, the FCC eliminated
that safe harbor for nonliteral expletives and explained that
even a single use of an offensive word was actionably inde-
cent. See ibid. We deemed that shift in enforcement pol-
icy "a change" for purposes of the change-in-position doc-
Page Proof Pending Publication
trine. See id., at 517.
Here, in contrast, the FDA's 2020 guidance did not estab-
lish "a safe harbor" for non-cartridge-based products. Id.,
at 518. True, the 2020 guidance unmistakably emphasized
cartridge-based products, but it said nothing to suggest
dessert-, candy-, and fruit-favored products for open-system
e-cigarettes would escape regulatory scrutiny. And further
distinguishing Fox Television, the FDA's actions here did not
"br[eak] new ground." Id., at 517. Indeed, there was no
new ground to break because respondents' denial orders
were part of the FDA's frst major exercise of its new author-
ity over tobacco products under the TCA. In other words,
the FDA could not "expan[d] the scope of " previously nonex-
istent "enforcement activity." Ibid.
Even if the FDA had changed its position, it offered "good
reasons" for looking beyond cartridge-based e-cigarette
products, id., at 515, namely, that there was evidence from
national surveillance data that youth demand had moved
from favored cartridge-based products to favored dispos-
 Cite as: (2025) 585

Opinion of the Court

able products, App. to Pet. for Cert. 191a -- 192a. From this,
the FDA drew the conclusion that "across these different
device types, the role of favor is consistent." Id., at 191a.
If one type of favored product were removed from the mar-
ket, the FDA concluded, youth would "migrate to another"
type of favored product. Id., at 192a. So the FDA decided
to focus on the "role of favors... across tobacco product
categories." Id., at 191a. The FDA made this "conscious
change of course" because it "believe[d] it to be better," and
the agency gave "good reasons" for the change. Fox Televi-
sion, 556 U. S., at 515.
Respondents cannot claim that the FDA's revised enforce-
ment priorities upset a "legitimate reliance" interest. Smi-
ley v. Citibank (South Dakota), N. A., 
(1996). At most, the 2020 guidance may have led respond-
ents to believe that the FDA was more likely to authorize
their open-system products than other manufacturers'
cartridge-based products. But such a belief about how an
Page Proof Pending Publication
agency is likely to exercise its enforcement discretion is not
a "serious reliance interes[t]." Fox Television, 556 U. S., at
515. Our prior change-in-position cases have set a much
higher bar, requiring, for example, "decades of industry reli-
ance on [an agency's] prior policy." Encino Motorcars, 579
U. S., at 222. Here, in contrast, respondents could not have
built up decades of reliance because they were part of the
very frst wave of marketing denials under the FDA's newly
minted jurisdiction over tobacco products.
We thus hold that the FDA's treatment of device type,
even if it evolved over time, did not violate the change-in-
position doctrine.
b
Respondents take issue with the FDA's explanation that it
changed enforcement priorities based on evidence that youth
demand shifted from cartridge-based products to disposable
products. In respondents' view, that evidence had nothing
to do with products such as theirs that are intended for open-
586 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

system e-cigarette products. See Brief for Respondents 45 -- 
46. And respondents cite evidence from a study fnding that
between 2020 and 2021 high-school-student demand for de-
vices compatible with favored bottled e-liquids actually de-
creased. See id., at 46, and ).
This counterargument is not persuasive. Even though
the FDA did not cite evidence that was specifcally about
increasing youth demand for open-system e-cigarette prod-
ucts, the FDA drew a reasonable inference based on the data
before it: namely, that the rapid shift in youth demand from
favored cartridge-based products to favored disposable
products strongly suggested that youth were most strongly
drawn by favor rather than device type. We see no reason
Page Proof Pending Publication
why the FDA could not extrapolate from that data and con-
clude that young people would be drawn to favored products
for open-system e-cigarettes. Regardless, we are not posi-
tioned in this arbitrary-and-capricious challenge to consider
respondents' evidence from a study that postdates the fling
of their applications and is, in any event, outside "the admin-
istrative record already in existence." Camp v. Pitts, (1973) (per curiam). Nor is respondents' evi-
dence of suffcient heft to call into question whether the
FDA's "factual determinations" about the powerful effect of
favor is supported by "substantial evidence" in the "existing
administrative record." Biestek v. Berryhill, (2019).
C
That brings us to the FDA's guidance concerning market-
ing plans. Recall that the FDA does not contest the Fifth
Circuit's fnding that it changed position regarding the sub-
mission of marketing plans, but it argues that this error was
harmless. This question presents a diffcult problem. It
 Cite as: (2025) 587

Opinion of the Court

requires us to reconcile the so-called remand rule developed
in SEC v. Chenery Corp., 93 -- 95 (1943)
(Chenery I), and Chenery II, 332 U. S., at 196 -- 197, with the
APA's instruction that reviewing courts must take " `due ac-
count' " of " `the rule of prejudicial error' " that "ordinarily
appl[ies] in civil cases," Shinseki v. Sanders, (2009).

1
In Chenery I, the Court announced the now-bedrock prin-
ciple that an agency action cannot stand "unless the grounds
upon which the agency acted in exercising its powers were
those upon which its action can be sustained." 318 U. S., at
95. There, we rejected the Securities and Exchange Com-
mission's belated request to affrm its action on an alterna-
tive ground raised for the frst time in litigation. Id., at 92 -- 
94. We reasoned that when Congress vests an agency with
Page Proof Pending Publication
authority to make "a determination of policy or judgment"
and the agency fails to exercise that authority, "a judicial
judgment cannot be made to do service for an administrative
judgment." Id., at 88. Upholding agency action on an al-
ternative ground not considered by the agency, the Court
reasoned, would "intrude upon the domain which Congress... exclusively entrusted to an administrative agency."
Ibid. We reaffrmed this principle in Chenery II, see 332
U. S., at 196 -- 197, and a necessary implication of that princi-
ple is that the better course when an agency error is identi-
fed is for the reviewing court, "except in rare circum-
stances, " " to remand to the agency for additional
investigation or explanation," Florida Power & Light Co. v.
Lorion, (1985). That implication of Chen-
ery is colloquially referred to as the "remand rule." See
INS v. Orlando Ventura, (2002) (per curiam).
Three years after Chenery I was handed down, Congress
enacted the APA. Ch. 324, 60 Stat. 237. At that time, Rule
61 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure instructed courts
588 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

not to disturb a judgment or order unless refusal to do so
would be "inconsistent with substantial justice." Fed. Rule
Civ. Proc. 61 (1939). The APA picked up on this principle
and required courts reviewing agency action to take "due
account... of the rule of prejudicial error.". Taking
"due account" of a rule is not literally the same as applying
that rule lock, stock, and barrel. The most natural interpre-
tation of the APA's language is thus that reviewing courts
should adapt the "rule of prejudicial error" applicable in or-
dinary civil litigation (also known as the harmless-error rule)
to the administrative-law context, which, of course, includes
the remand rule.
2
The FDA's failure to consider marketing plans and its cho-
sen arguments in litigation have set the remand rule and the
APA's harmless-error principle in tension. Despite assuring
manufacturers in predecisional guidance that their market-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing plans would be "critical," the FDA refused to consider
respondents' marketing plans when it reviewed their pre-
market tobacco product applications. 84 Fed. Reg. 50581.
Based on its experience, the FDA opined that marketing and
access restrictions on favored e-cigarette products are, as a
practical matter, categorically insuffcient to sustain an oth-
erwise inadequate application. See App. to Pet. for Cert.
200a, n. xix. The Fifth Circuit held that this about-face was
arbitrary and capricious, see 90 F. 4th, at 372 -- 373, and the
FDA has "not sought review of the Fifth Circuit's threshold
fnding of error," Brief for Petitioner 31. Instead, it ex-
pands upon an argument it raised before the Fifth Circuit,
see En Banc Brief for Respondent in No. 21 -- 60766, p. 29,
and contends that its failure to consider marketing plans was
harmless error because, subsequent to denying respondents'
applications, it issued denial orders to other manufacturers
after reviewing marketing plans that were materially indis-
tinguishable from respondents'. See Brief for Petitioner
34 -- 36. That is proof, the FDA says, that reviewing re-
 Cite as: (2025) 589

Opinion of the Court

spondents' marketing plans would not have made a
difference.
The Fifth Circuit rejected the FDA's harmless-error argu-
ment based on our most recent decision invoking the remand
rule, Calcutt v. FDIC, (2023) (per curiam).
See 90 F. 4th, at 389 -- 390. In Calcutt, after reciting the re-
mand rule in strong terms, we acknowledged that a "remand
may be unwarranted... [w]here the agency `was required' to
take a particular action." 598 U. S., at 630 ). The Fifth Cir-
cuit interpreted Calcutt's discussion to mean that there is
only one exception to the remand rule. See 90 F. 4th, at 390
("APA errors are only harmless where the agency would be
required to take the same action no matter what. In all
other cases, an agency cannot avoid remand"). That is cer-
tainly a plausible interpretation of Calcutt, but it would
Page Proof Pending Publication
imply a need to remand for all but the narrowest category of
agency errors, minimizing the role of harmless-error review.
The FDA disagrees with this broad reading of Calcutt and
cites, among other authorities, our decision in Sanders. In
that case, we opined that the APA incorporates "the same
kind of `harmless-error' rule that courts ordinarily apply in
civil cases." 556 U. S., at 406. That principle, taken to its
logical extreme, could permit a reviewing court to sustain a
fawed agency decision whenever it fnds that the agency
would have reached the same result absent the initial error.
Understood in that way, harmless error might swallow the
remand rule.
There is thus obviously tension between Calcutt and
Sanders, and neither decision sought to harmonize the re-
mand and harmless-error rules. Calcutt made no reference
to the APA's prejudicial-error provision, and Sanders did not
discuss the remand rule or even cite Chenery.
Commentators have long puzzled over this tension and
proposed ways to bridge the divide. See H. Friendly, Chen-
590 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Opinion of the Court

ery Revisited: Refections on Reversal and Remand of Ad-
ministrative Orders, 1969 Duke L. J. 199, 222 -- 225 (Friendly);
N. Bagley, Remedial Restraint in Administrative Law, 117
Colum. L. Rev. 253, 302 -- 307 (2017) (Bagley); C. Walker,
Against Remedial Restraint in Administrative Law, 117
Colum. L. Rev. Online 106, 115 -- 120 (2017). And the courts
of appeals have apparently developed their own practices to
reconcile the remand and harmless-error rules. See Bagley
302,. We will not attempt to provide a
complete answer to this vexing problem here.
For now, we agree with the FDA that the Fifth Circuit
read Calcutt too broadly. It has long been accepted, for ex-
ample, that a remand may not be necessary when an agency's
decision is supported by a plethora of factual fndings, only
one of which is unsound. When it is clear that the agency's
error "had no bearing on the procedure used or the sub-
stance of [the] decision reached," a remand would be point-
Page Proof Pending Publication
less. Massachusetts Trustees of Eastern Gas & Fuel Asso-
ciates v. United States, (1964); see Friendly
210 -- 211 ("Massachusetts Trustees v. United States... might
be regarded as a true indentation of Chenery, [but] it is an
altogether sound one").9 We do not suggest that this excep-
tion and the one recognized in Calcutt exhaust the universe
of exceptions to the remand rule. But the existence of this
exception is suffcient to show that the Fifth Circuit's read-
ing of Calcutt went too far.

9
Despite its holding that Calcutt is the sole exception to the remand
rule, the Court of Appeals appears to have issued a brief alternative hold-
ing at the very end of its opinion. In that short discussion, the court cited
Circuit precedent echoing the rule of Massachusetts Trustees. See 90
F. 4th, at 390 ). But the Court of Appeals applied Massachusetts Trustees at a
high level of generality, and absent any analysis applying Massachusetts
Trustees to the FDA's failure to consider respondents' marketing plans
specifcally, we are unable to affrm the decision on that alternative basis.
 Cite as: (2025) 591

Opinion of the Court

That said, the FDA's reading of Sanders may also be ex-
cessive. In an article that the FDA quotes with approval,
see Brief for Petitioner 41, Judge Friendly accurately cap-
tured the core of the remand rule when he wrote, "[w]here
the agency has rested decision on an unsustainable reason,
the court should generally reverse and remand even though
it discerns a possibility, even a strong one, that by another
course of reasoning the agency might come to the same
result," Friendly 222. There is an impor-
tant distinction, if only a subtle one, between this formula-
tion and the FDA's argument that a party attacking an
agency decision must prove that an error had a "substantial
bearing" on the decision. Brief for Petitioner 36 -- 37. And
the FDA has not identifed any prior case in which we have
held that the application of an erroneous understanding of
the governing law was harmless because a subsequent
agency decision shows that the agency would have reached
Page Proof Pending Publication
the same result if it had applied the correct understanding
of the law.
The FDA has not asked us to decide the harmless-error
question at this juncture. True, in its petition for certiorari,
it requested that we "review and reverse the Fifth Circuit's
holding that the error was not harmless." Pet. for Cert. 18. But the FDA unmistakably abandoned
that full-throated request after we granted certiorari. In
its opening brief, the FDA asked that we "only identify the
correct harmless-error rule and remand the case, allowing
the Fifth Circuit to determine whether respondents have
met their burden of showing prejudice." Brief for Peti-
tioner 38. It reiterated that position in its reply. See
Reply Brief 18. And at argument, when asked, the FDA
was upfront that it seeks vacatur and remand so the Fifth
Circuit can decide the question afresh without relying on its
overly expansive reading of Calcutt. Tr. of Oral Arg. 55 -- 
56. We follow that course.
592 FDA v. WAGES AND WHITE LION INVESTMENTS, LLC

Sotomayor, J., concurring

* * *
For these reasons, we vacate the judgment of the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit and remand
the case for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
Justice Sotomayor, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion, as it rightly rejects the conten-
tion that the FDA acted arbitrarily and capriciously in deny-
ing respondents' applications for premarket approval of their
tobacco products. I write separately, however, to clarify
one point.
I do not believe the FDA, in the lead up to denying re-
spondents' applications, "was feeling its way toward a fnal
stance and was unable or unwilling to say in clear and spe-
cifc terms precisely what applicants would have to provide."
Ante, at 556. Instead, the record shows the agency reason-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ably gave manufacturers some fexibility as to the forms of
evidence that would suffce for premarket approval of their
products, while hewing to (and never suggesting it would
stray from) its statutory duty to approve only those products
that would be "appropriate for the protection of the public
health." 21 U. S. C. (2)(A). In light of the statu-
tory text and the well-documented and serious risks favored
e-cigarette products pose to youth, it should have come as
no surprise that applicants would need to submit rigorous
scientifc evidence showing that the benefts of their products
would outweigh those risks. See (4).
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 579, line 3 from bottom: "the" is inserted before "favoring"
p. 582, line 11: "that" is deleted

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 1
Pages 223 -- 237

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 5, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 223

Syllabus

CC/DEVAS (MAURITIUS) LTD. et al. v. ANTRIX
CORP. LTD. et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the ninth circuit
No. 23 -- 1201. Argued March 3, 2025 -- Decided June 5, 2025*
Devas Multimedia Private Ltd. signed a satellite-leasing agreement with
Antrix Corporation Ltd., which is owned by the Republic of India for
use by its Department of Space. But when the Indian Government
later determined it needed more satellite capacity for itself, Antrix ter-
minated the contract under its force majeure clause. The parties pro-
ceeded to arbitration. After unanimously concluding that Antrix had
breached the contract, the arbitral panel awarded Devas $562.5 million
in damages plus interest. Devas then petitioned the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Western District of Washington to confrm the award.
The District Court confrmed the award and entered a $1.29 billion judg-
ment against Antrix.
The Ninth Circuit reversed, fnding that personal jurisdiction was
Page Proof Pending Publication
lacking. Under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 (FSIA),
"[p]ersonal jurisdiction over a foreign state shall exist" whenever (1)
an immunity exception applies, and (2) the foreign defendant has been
properly served.. The Ninth Circuit did not question that
Antrix is a "foreign state" under the FSIA, that an immunity exception
applies, and that Devas effectuated proper service. Yet bound by Cir-
cuit precedent, the panel explained that the Act imposes an additional
requirement: "personal jurisdiction under the FSIA [also] requires a tra-
ditional minimum contacts analysis" as set forth in International Shoe
Co. v. Washington, and its progeny. Applying that stand-
ard, the court concluded it could not exercise personal jurisdiction over
Antrix because Antrix lacked suffcient suit-related contacts with the
United States.
Held: Personal jurisdiction exists under the FSIA when an immunity ex-
ception applies and service is proper. The FSIA does not require proof
of "minimum contacts" over and above the contacts already required
by the Act's enumerated exceptions to foreign sovereign immunity.
Pp. 232 -- 237.

*Together with No. 24 -- 17, Devas Multimedia Private Ltd. v. Antrix
Corp. Ltd. et al., also on certiorari to the same court.
224 CC/DEVAS (MAURITIUS) LTD. v. ANTRIX CORP.

Syllabus

(a) The FSIA's personal-jurisdiction provision imposes two substan-
tive requirements. First, the district court must have subject-matter
jurisdiction, which the FSIA grants whenever an enumerated immunity
exception applies. Second, service must be made under the FSIA's
specialized service-of-process rules. When both criteria are satisfed,
the statute declares that personal jurisdiction "shall exist." Accord-
ingly, the most natural reading of the operative text is that personal
jurisdiction over a foreign sovereign is automatic whenever an immunity
exception applies and service of process has been accomplished. Nota-
bly absent from the provision is any reference to "minimum contacts."
And the Court declines to add what Congress left out, as the FSIA
was supposed to "clarify the governing standards," not hide the ball.
Verlinden B. V. v. Central Bank of Nigeria,.
Of course, the FSIA's immunity exceptions themselves require vary-
ing degrees of suit-related domestic contact before a case may proceed.
But to the extent these exceptions satisfy International Shoe, it is be-
cause the exceptions Congress wrote happen to meet that standard, not
because the Act's personal-jurisdiction provision secretly incorporated
the Court's due-process cases.
The Act's structure reinforces this reading. The FSIA "comprehen-
sively regulat[es] the amenability of foreign nations to suit in the United
Page Proof Pending Publication
States." Republic of Argentina v. NML Capital, Ltd.,. The immunity and jurisdictional provisions form the foundation of
that comprehensive scheme, and Congress deliberately tied them to-
gether: whenever an exception applies, the FSIA strips immunity and
grants jurisdiction. Reading an additional minimum-contacts require-
ment into only one of the FSIA's tethered immunity and jurisdictional
provisions would weaken the link Congress forged and create a gap in
the Act's otherwise "comprehensive framework." Republic of Austria
v. Altmann,. Pp. 232 -- 235.
(b) The Ninth Circuit's two contrary arguments cannot override the
plain meaning of the FSIA's personal-jurisdiction provision. First, the
fact that one of the immunity exceptions contains language resembling
the minimum-contacts test says little about whether a jurisdictional pro-
vision located elsewhere categorically imposes that test. Second, the
legislative history cited by the Ninth Circuit shows only that Congress
believed the contacts set forth in the Act's then-existing immunity
exceptions satisfy due process, not that the personal-jurisdiction pro-
vision silently includes an atextual minimum-contacts requirement.
Pp. 235 -- 236.
(c) Antrix's alternative arguments -- that the Fifth Amendment itself
requires a showing of minimum contacts, that the claims at issue do not
fall within the FSIA's arbitration exception, and that the suit should be
 Cite as: (2025) 225

Opinion of the Court

dismissed under forum non conveniens -- were not addressed below by
the Ninth Circuit. This Court declines to address them in the frst
instance. Pp. 236 -- 237.
Reversed and remanded.

Alito, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.

Aaron M. Streett argued the cause for petitioner in No. 24 -- 
17. With him on the briefs was Christopher E. Tutunjian.
Matthew D. McGill argued the cause for petitioners in No.
23 -- 1201. With him on the briefs in both cases were Jacob
T. Spencer, Ankita Ritwik, David W. Casazza, Brian C. Mc-
Carty, Anne Champion, and Malaika Eaton.
Acting Solicitor General Harris argued the cause for the
United States as amicus curiae urging reversal in both
cases. On the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Dep-
uty Solicitor General Kneedler, Anthony A. Yang, Sharon
Swingle, and Lewis S. Yelin.
Carter G. Phillips argued the cause for respondents in
Page Proof Pending Publication
both cases. With him on the brief were Gregory M. Wil-
liams, Kwaku A. Akowuah, and Madeleine Joseph.†

Justice Alito delivered the opinion of the Court.
Under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976
(FSIA), 28 U. S. C., 1602 et seq., foreign states are

†Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal in both cases were fled for the
Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America et al. by Peter B.
Rutledge, Jennifer B. Dickey, Jonathan D. Urick, and Ryan P. Meyers;
for the United States Council for International Business by Viren Mascar-
enhas and D. Jason File; for George A. Bermann by Alexander A. Yanos
and Kristen K. Bromberek; for Andrea K. Bjorklund et al. by James E.
Berger, Samantha Chaifetz, and Charlene C. Sun; and for Mark B. Feld-
man by Robert K. Kry and Mark B. Feldman, pro se.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance in both cases were fled for the
Republic of India by Andrea J. Menaker, Nicolle Kownacki, and Weiqian
Luo; for the Republic of Zimbabwe by Rodney Q. Smith II; and for Paul
B. Stephan by Jeffrey T. Green.
Seth P. Waxman and Eric L. Hawkins fled a brief for Ingrid (Wuerth)
Brunk as amicus curiae in both cases.
226 CC/DEVAS (MAURITIUS) LTD. v. ANTRIX CORP.

Opinion of the Court

generally immune from suit in United States courts, but the
Act creates several exceptions. See, 1605 -- 1607.
And when an exception applies, of the FSIA vests
federal courts with "original jurisdiction" over such claims.
This suit concerns the FSIA's neighboring personal-
jurisdiction provision. It provides that "[p]ersonal jurisdic-
tion over a foreign state shall exist" whenever (1) an ex-
ception to foreign sovereign immunity applies, and (2) the
foreign defendant has been properly served.. In
the decision below, however, the Ninth Circuit imposed a third
requirement: a plaintiff must also prove that the foreign state
has made "minimum contacts" with the United States suff-
cient to satisfy the jurisdictional test set forth in Interna-
tional Shoe Co. v. Washington, (1945), and
its progeny. Because the Ninth Circuit's additional require-
ment goes beyond the text of the FSIA, we reverse.

I
Page Proof Pending
A Publication
Like so many disputes, this one began with two companies
and a contract. Antrix Corporation Ltd. (Antrix) is orga-
nized under Indian law and is owned by the Republic of India
for use by its Department of Space. In Antrix's words, it
serves as "the commercial arm of Indian Space Research Or-
ganisation" -- a division within the Department of Space -- 
and is tasked with "promot[ing] and commercially market-
[ing] the products and services emanating from the Indian
Space Programme." No. 2:18 -- cv -- 01360 (WD Wash., Dec. 21,
2018), ECF Doc. 24 -- 1, p. 43. The Indian Government f-
nances most of Antrix's operations and appoints much of its
leadership. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 15a.
In January 2005, Antrix signed a satellite-leasing agree-
ment with Devas Multimedia Private Ltd. (Devas), a pri-
vately owned Indian company incorporated to develop
satellite-based telecommunications technology. Under the
agreement, Antrix would build and launch a new satellite
 Cite as: (2025) 227

Opinion of the Court

network into geostationary orbit* -- specifcally, at the 83°E
orbital slot -- and lease some of that network's capacity back
to Devas. Devas, in turn, would use its leased satellite ca-
pacity to provide multimedia broadcasting services across
India.
The agreement proceeded as expected for several years.
Antrix obtained project approval from the Indian Govern-
ment and clearance from the International Telecommunica-
tions Union, the arm of the United Nations responsible for
allocating orbital satellite space among member states. For
its part, Devas secured the requisite internet- and television-
provider licenses, brought on investors, and paid Antrix the
contractually required fees. And as satellite construction
neared completion, the parties performed several success-
ful trials of Devas's newly developed sof tware and
infrastructure.
In February 2011, however, Antrix and Devas hit a snag.
Just before the satellites were scheduled for launch, the In-
Page Proof Pending Publication
dian Government determined it needed greater satellite ca-
pacity for itself and could no longer lease its limited S-band
spectrum (the type Antrix and Devas planned to use) for
commercial use. So, at the behest of government offcials,
Antrix terminated the agreement with Devas. Citing the
contract's force majeure clause, Antrix explained that India's
new satellite-allocation policy prevented it from continuing
performance on the contract.
But Devas thought Antrix was liable for the fnancial fall-
out. So Devas invoked the contract's arbitration provision,
commenced proceedings, and argued the purported force

*"Satellites in geostationary orbit (GEO) fly above Earth's equator,
moving from west to east, exactly matching Earth's rotation.... GEO
is ideal for satellites that need to stay fxed above a specifc location, such
as telecommunication satellites, allowing antennas on Earth to stay in a
constant position, always pointing at the satellite." European Space
Agency, Types of Orbits (Mar. 30, 2020), https://www.esa.int/Enabling_
Support/Space_Transportation/Types_of_orbits.
228 CC/DEVAS (MAURITIUS) LTD. v. ANTRIX CORP.

Opinion of the Court

majeure was self-induced. The three-member arbitral panel
ruled unanimously for Devas on September 14, 2015.
Applying Indian law, the panel concluded Antrix had wrong-
fully terminated the contract and awarded Devas $562.5 mil-
lion in damages plus interest.
After successfully confrming the arbitration award in
France and the United Kingdom, Devas sought to do the
same in the United States. See 2 J. Grenig, Domke on Com-
mercial Arbitration :1, p. 467 (3d ed. 2025) ("[C]onfrma-
tion of an arbitration award fnalizes the award and makes
the award a judgment of the court"). In September 2018,
Devas petitioned the United States District Court for the
Western District of Washington to confrm the award, citing
the FSIA's so-called arbitration exception as the basis for
federal jurisdiction. See 28 U. S. C. (6). Antrix
moved to dismiss, arguing, inter alia, that the District Court
lacked jurisdiction.
B
Page Proof Pending Publication
For much of American history, foreign states and their in-
strumentalities enjoyed near total immunity from suit in our
courts. See Hungary v. Simon, -- 119
(2025). This posture refected the venerable international
law principle that states are independent sovereign entities,
and it encouraged others to respect the sovereignty of the
United States in their courts. Bolivarian Republic of Ven-
ezuela v. Helmerich & Payne Int'l Drilling Co., (2017). Notably, this immunity was not statutorily
or constitutionally required. Instead, we have long under-
stood foreign sovereign immunity as "a matter of grace and
comity," so judges historically " `deferred to the decisions of
the political branches -- in particular, those of the Executive
Branch -- on whether to take jurisdiction' over particular ac-
tions against foreign sovereigns and their instrumentalities."
Republic of Austria v. Altmann, (2004)
). In practice, that usually entailed the State
 Cite as: (2025) 229

Opinion of the Court

Department fling a case-specifc " `suggestion of immunity' "
whenever a foreign sovereign was sued, and when that oc-
curred, the court would abide by the suggestion. Samantar
v. Yousuf, (2010) ).
Beginning in the mid-20th century, the Executive Branch
adopted a more nuanced stance toward sovereign immunity,
but its new approach "proved troublesome." Verlinden, 461
U. S., at 487. Specifcally, the State Department declared in
1952 it would no longer suggest immunity in "cases arising
out of a foreign state's strictly commercial acts." Ibid.
While this shift brought the United States into parity with
the emerging international consensus, it also provoked ten-
sion and confusion. "[F]oreign nations often placed diplo-
matic pressure on the State Department," and, "[o]n occa-
sion, political considerations led to suggestions of immunity
in cases where immunity would not have been available."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Ibid. Furthermore, in instances where the State Depart-
ment simply failed to fle any suggestion, courts were forced
to determine immunity based on standards that were "nei-
ther clear nor uniformly applied." Id., at 488.
Congress addressed the problem in 1976 by enacting the
FSIA, now "the sole basis for obtaining jurisdiction over a
foreign state in our courts." Argentine Republic v. Amer-
ada Hess Shipping Corp., (1989). Instead
of case-by-case determinations that were governed by fuzzy
legal standards and prone to manipulation, the FSIA im-
poses a bright-line rule: foreign states and their instru-
mentalities are immune from suit unless one of the Act's
enumerated exceptions applies. 28 U. S. C. ; see
-- 1607. Exceptions include claims based on commer-
cial activities with a specifed nexus to the United States,
(2), claims based on torts that have caused domestic
personal injury or property damage, (5), claims
based on certain expropriations, (3), and several
others.
230 CC/DEVAS (MAURITIUS) LTD. v. ANTRIX CORP.

Opinion of the Court

The Act also waives immunity for suits to confrm arbitra-
tion awards. (6). The arbitration exception ap-
plies in four statutorily defned contexts, including where
the "agreement or award" is "governed by a treaty or other
international agreement in force for the United States call-
ing for the recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards."
(6)(B). The United States, for instance, has acceded
to the New York Convention, which requires it to en-
force certain awards issued abroad. See Convention
on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral
Awards, June 10, 1958, 21 U. S. T. 2517, T. I. A. S. No. 6997;
9 U. S. C. -- 208. In such instances, and when the FSIA
is otherwise satisfed, the arbitration exception would also
apply.
Whenever an FSIA immunity exception applies, jurisdic-
tion usually follows. That is because the Act's jurisdictional
provision, 28 U. S. C., pegs both subject-matter and
personal jurisdiction to the exceptions. Subsection (a) of
Page Proof Pending Publication
that provision grants district courts "original jurisdiction"
over "any claim for relief in personam with respect to which
the foreign state is not entitled to immunity... under sec-
tions 1605 -- 1607," which are the FSIA's immunity exceptions.
And subsection (b) provides for personal jurisdiction "as to
every claim for relief over which the district courts have
jurisdiction under subsection (a)" -- i. e., for every claim sub-
ject to an immunity exception -- and "where service has been
made under section 1608." See Republic of Sudan v. Har-
rison, -- 5, 8 -- 13 (2019) (discussing 's spe-
cialized service-of-process rules).

C
Once this dispute arrived in federal court in this country,
a dramatic series of events unfolded. Upon satisfying itself
that jurisdiction was proper under the FSIA's arbitration ex-
ception, the District Court confrmed the award and entered
a $1.29 billion judgment against Antrix. Yet before Devas
 Cite as: (2025) 231

Opinion of the Court

could collect, an Indian corporate-law tribunal found that
Devas -- an Indian company -- had procured the Devas -- Antrix
agreement by fraud; so the tribunal appointed an Indian
Government offcial to seize control of Devas and wind down
its affairs. Quickly thereafter, several Devas shareholders
and an American subsidiary attempted to intervene in the
federal proceedings below and to enforce the judgment
themselves. Successfully so: over Devas's and Antrix's ob-
jections, they intervened, secured post-judgment discovery
to locate Antrix's domestic assets, and registered the judg-
ment in the Eastern District of Virginia, where Antrix held
executable assets. Then, adding one last wrinkle to an al-
ready complex dispute, the High Court of New Delhi set
aside the arbitration award based largely on the Indian
corporate-law tribunal's earlier fraud determination.
Several appeals followed, and a Ninth Circuit panel found
that personal jurisdiction was lacking and therefore reversed
Page Proof Pending Publication
the District Court's orders confrming and registering the
award. See No. 20 -- 36024 etc. (Aug. 1, 2023), App. to Pet.
for Cert. 3a -- 8a. The court did not question "that for pur-
poses of the FSIA, Antrix is a `foreign state,' service has
been made, and an enumerated exception applies." Id., at
4a. Yet bound by Circuit precedent, the panel explained
that the Act imposes an additional requirement: "personal
jurisdiction under the FSIA [also] requires a traditional min-
imum contacts analysis," ibid., which is a reference to our
jurisdictional due-process test frst developed in Interna-
tional Shoe, 326 U. S., at 316. See Walden v. Fiore, -- 286 (2014). Applying that standard, the court con-
cluded that Antrix lacked suffcient suit-related contacts
with the United States and that the lawsuit must therefore
be dismissed.
We granted certiorari to decide whether the FSIA re-
quires proof of "minimum contacts" before a court can exer-
cise personal jurisdiction over a foreign state. See (2024). We hold it does not.
232 CC/DEVAS (MAURITIUS) LTD. v. ANTRIX CORP.

Opinion of the Court

II
The facts of this suit are complex, but the legal question
we address today is straightforward. The text and struc-
ture of the FSIA demonstrate that Congress did not require
"minimum contacts" over and above the contacts already re-
quired by the Act's enumerated exceptions to foreign sover-
eign immunity.
A
We start, as always, with the relevant statutory text.
Here, that is the FSIA's personal-jurisdiction provision, 28
U. S. C.. It provides:
"Personal jurisdiction over a foreign state shall exist
as to every claim for relief over which the district courts
have [subject-matter] jurisdiction under subsection
(a) where service has been made under section 1608 of
this title."

Page Proof
As noted earlier, Pending
this provision imposesPublication
two substantive re-
quirements -- one related to subject-matter jurisdiction, the
other related to service of process. See supra, at 230.
First, "district courts have [subject-matter] jurisdiction
under subsection (a)" when any of the FSIA's immunity ex-
ceptions applies. See Amerada Hess, 488 U. S., at 434 -- 435.
Second, "service has been made under section 1608" when
a plaintiff complies with the FSIA's specialized service-of-
process rules. See Harrison, 587 U. S., at 4 -- 5, 8 -- 13.
When both criteria are satisfed, the statute declares that
personal jurisdiction "shall exist," and, "as in other contexts,
the use of the word `shall' creates an obligation impervious
to judicial discretion." Smith v. Spizzirri, 
(2024) (some internal quotation marks omitted).
Thus, the most natural reading of is that personal
jurisdiction over a foreign sovereign is "automatic" when-
ever (1) "an exception to immunity applies" and (2) "service
of process has been accomplished." Samantar, 560 U. S., at
 Cite as: (2025) 233

Opinion of the Court

324, ; accord, Verlinden, 461 U. S., at 485, ; Restate-
ment (Fourth) of Foreign Relations Law of the United States, Comment b (2017). Or phrased in even simpler terms,
"subject matter jurisdiction plus service of process equals
personal jurisdiction." GSS Group Ltd. v. National Port
Auth., 680 F. 3d 805, 811 (CADC 2012).
Notably absent from is any reference to "mini-
mum contacts." And we decline to add in what Congress
left out: the FSIA was supposed to "clarify the governing
standards," not hide the ball. Verlinden, 461 U. S., at 488;
cf. Republic of Argentina v. Weltover, Inc., 
(1992) (refusing to read an "unexpressed requirement" into
the FSIA).
Although nothing in the text of requires a
minimum-contacts analysis, that does not mean Congress
dispensed altogether with proof of contact between the for-
Page Proof Pending Publication
eign state and the United States. In order for subject-
matter jurisdiction to exist under the FSIA, an exception to
immunity must apply. See. And the FSIA's im-
munity exceptions themselves require varying degrees of
suit-related domestic contact before a case may proceed.
See -- 1607. Some exceptions call for considerable do-
mestic nexus, such as "rights in immovable property situated
in the United States," "commercial activity carried on in the
United States by the foreign state," or "commercial activity
of the foreign state elsewhere" that "causes a direct effect
in the United States." (2) -- (4); see Verlinden, 461
U. S., at 490 -- 491. Others, like 's terrorism excep-
tion, are satisfed by less direct or pervasive contact with the
territory of the United States, as the parties acknowledge.
See Brief for Petitioner Devas Multimedia Private Limited
26, 31 -- 32; Brief for Petitioner CC/Devas (Mauritius) Limited
et al. 48 -- 49; Brief in Opposition 7. To the extent that some
or all FSIA exceptions satisfy International Shoe, it is only
234 CC/DEVAS (MAURITIUS) LTD. v. ANTRIX CORP.

Opinion of the Court

because the exceptions Congress wrote happen to meet that
standard, not because secretly incorporated our
jurisdictional due-process cases.
The Act's structure reinforces this straightforward read-
ing of 's text. As we have recognized on many oc-
casions, the FSIA " `comprehensively regulat[es] the amen-
ability of foreign nations to suit in the United States.' "
Republic of Argentina v. NML Capital, Ltd., (2014). The Act's
immunity and jurisdictional provisions are the foundation of
this comprehensive scheme, and Congress deliberately tied
them together. Namely, whenever a -- 1607 exception
applies, 's immunity falls away, and grants juris-
diction. See supra, at 229 -- 230; Amerada Hess, 488 U. S., at
434 -- 435, and (detailing how immunity and jurisdiction
"work in tandem"); Verlinden, 461 U. S., at 485, 489,
and (same); Price v. Socialist People's Libyan Arab
Page Proof Pending Publication
Jamahiriya, 294 F. 3d 82, 89 (CADC 2002) (observing that "the
FSIA collapses subject matter jurisdiction, in personam ju-
risdiction, and sovereign immunity into a single inquiry").
And, in the narrow instances where Congress did not want for
immunity and jurisdiction to be coextensive with the enu-
merated exceptions, it said so. See -- (b) (limiting
jurisdiction to "nonjury civil action[s]," "for relief in perso-
nam," where "service has been made under section 1608").
Instead of enforcing these provisions as written, the Ninth
Circuit read an additional requirement into one -- and only
one -- of the FSIA's tethered immunity and jurisdictional pro-
visions. As a practical matter, that would weaken the link
Congress forged among foreign sovereign immunity, subject-
matter jurisdiction, personal jurisdiction, and the enumer-
ated exceptions; it would also create a gap in the Act's other-
wise "comprehensive framework." Altmann, 541 U. S., at
699. "We do not lightly assume that Congress has omitted
from its adopted text requirements that it nonetheless in-
tends to apply." Jama v. Immigration and Customs En-
 Cite as: (2025) 235

Opinion of the Court

forcement, (2005). And we are all the
more reluctant to do so where, as here, reading such a re-
quirement into the statute would upset the "carefully cali-
brated" system Congress chose. Turkiye Halk Bankasi
A.S. v. United States, (2023).

B
The Ninth Circuit based its contrary interpretation on a
strange statutory argument and on the FSIA's legislative
history. Neither overrides 's plain meaning.
As noted by the court below, the Ninth Circuit frst read
to "requir[e] satisfaction of the traditional minimum
contacts standard" in an earlier precedent, Thos. P. Gonzalez
Corp. v. Consejo Nacional de Produccion de Costa Rica, 614
F. 2d 1247, 1255 (1980). Gonzalez offered two pieces of sup-
port for that conclusion. First, one of the enumerated im-
munity exceptions requires proof of a "direct effect" in the
Page Proof Pending Publication
United States, (2), which Gonzalez "interpreted as
embodying the minimum contacts standard of International
Shoe," id., at 1255. But see Rote v. Zel Custom Mfg. LLC,
816 F. 3d 383, 394 (CA6 2016) ("[T]he `direct effect' require-
ment does not incorporate the `minimum contacts' test").
Second, Gonzalez then read "[t]he legislative history of the
Act" -- particularly the House Judiciary Committee Report's
discussion of personal jurisdiction -- to "confr[m] that the
reach of does not extend beyond the limits set by
the International Shoe line of cases." 614 F. 2d, at 1255,
and. But see Epic Systems Corp. v. Lewis, (2018) ("[L]egislative history is not the law").
Even accepting Gonzalez's cited authority on its own
terms, we do not fnd either step of the Ninth Circuit's analy-
sis compelling. The fact that one of the immunity excep-
tions contains language resembling the minimum-contacts
test says little about whether a jurisdictional provision lo-
cated elsewhere categorically imposes that test. Each im-
munity exception should be interpreted according to the text
236 CC/DEVAS (MAURITIUS) LTD. v. ANTRIX CORP.

Opinion of the Court

Congress enacted, see, e. g., Simon, 604 U. S., at 126 -- 128, and
so should.
To the extent it is relevant, the legislative history Gonza-
lez cites is not to the contrary. True, the House Report
says, "[t]he requirements of minimum jurisdictional contacts
and adequate notice are embodied in the [personal-
jurisdiction] provision." H. R. Rep. No. 94 -- 1487, p. 13
(1976). But then the Report explains that this "embodi-
ment" of due process comes from the Act's immunity excep-
tions and service-of-process rules, not a minimum-contacts
requirement silently emanating from. "[E]ach of
the immunity provisions in the bill, sections 1605 -- 1607, re-
quires some connection between the lawsuit and the United
States," and, the Report notes, 's plain text "incor-
porat[es] these jurisdictional contacts by reference." Ibid.
The Report then makes the critical point: "These immunity
provisions, therefore, prescribe the necessary contacts which
must exist before our courts can exercise personal jurisdic-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion.... [S]ection 1330(b) also satisfes the due process re-
quirement of adequate notice by prescribing that proper
service be made under section 1608 of the bill." Id., at 13 -- 
14 ; see also Rote, 816 F. 3d, at 398 (White,
J., concurring) ("[The House Report] shows only that Con-
gress believed that the contacts set forth in the immunity
provisions satisfy due-process requirements.... It is a sepa-
rate question whether Congress was correct in its assump-
tion"). Thus, the FSIA's legislative history leads to the
same result as 's text: personal jurisdiction rises and
falls based on whether an immunity exception applies and
the plaintiff has effectuated proper service.

III
Antrix does not defend the Ninth Circuit's reasoning. See
Brief for Respondent 1; Tr. of Oral Arg. 36 -- 37. Instead, it
raises various alternative reasons why we should affrm the
decision below notwithstanding its misreading of the FSIA.
 Cite as: (2025) 237

Opinion of the Court

Namely, Antrix contends that the Fifth Amendment's Due
Process Clause itself requires a showing of minimum con-
tacts before a federal court can exercise personal jurisdiction
over a company owned by a foreign sovereign. Antrix also
argues that the claims at issue in this dispute do not fall
within the FSIA's arbitration exception, properly conceived,
and that the suit should be dismissed under forum non
conveniens.
We decline to answer those questions today. The Ninth
Circuit relied exclusively on its interpretation of the FSIA's
personal-jurisdiction provision, so that court has not yet ad-
dressed Antrix's alternative arguments. "[A]nd, for that
reason, neither shall we." F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd v.
Empagran S. A., (2004); accord, United
States v. Oakland Cannabis Buyers' Cooperative, (2001). Of course, Antrix is welcome to litigate
these contentions on remand consistent with principles of
forfeiture and waiver.
Page Proof Pending Publication
* * *
Personal jurisdiction exists under of the FSIA
when an immunity exception applies and service is proper.
Because the Ninth Circuit required more, we reverse the
judgment below and remand the suit for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 226, line 6 from bottom: "See App. to Pet. for Cert. 15a" is inserted
after "leadership"
p. 228, line 4 from bottom: "foreign" is inserted before "sovereigns"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 1
Pages 259 -- 304

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 26, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 259

Syllabus

RILEY v. BONDI, ATTORNEY GENERAL

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fourth circuit
No. 23 -- 1270. Argued March 24, 2025 -- Decided June 26, 2025
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) sought to remove Pierre
Riley, a citizen of Jamaica, from the United States under expedited pro-
cedures for aliens convicted of aggravated felonies. On January 26,
2021, the DHS issued a "fnal administrative review order" (FARO) di-
recting Riley's removal to Jamaica. Under 8 U. S. C. (3), aliens
may petition courts of appeals for FARO review. While Riley did not
contest his removal from the United States, he sought relief under the
Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading
Treatment or Punishment (CAT), telling an immigration offcer that he
would likely be killed by a drug kingpin if he returned to Jamaica. The
offcer concluded that Riley did not demonstrate reasonable fear of per-
secution, but an Immigration Judge (IJ) disagreed and concluded that
Riley was entitled to relief under the CAT, which prohibits removal
Page Proof Pending Publication
to countries where torture is likely. The IJ sent Riley's case to a
"withholding-only" proceeding to determine whether he could be re-
moved to Jamaica. At that proceeding, the IJ found Riley credible and
granted deferral of removal to Jamaica under the CAT. The DHS ap-
pealed to the Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA), which vacated the
IJ's order and allowed the FARO's enforcement. Three days later,
Riley fled a petition for review in the Fourth Circuit. The Fourth Cir-
cuit dismissed Riley's petition for lack of jurisdiction, holding that (1)
aliens cannot obtain review of BIA decisions in "withholding-only" pro-
ceedings by fling within 30 days of that decision, and (2) (1)'s
30-day fling deadline is jurisdictional, not merely a mandatory claims-
processing rule.
Held:
1. BIA orders denying deferral of removal in "withholding-only" pro-
ceedings are not "fnal order[s] of removal" under (1).
An "order of removal" includes an "order of deportation," 110 Stat.
3009 -- 627, which, in turn, is defned as an order "concluding that the
alien is deportable or ordering deportation," (47)(A). The
FARO issued by DHS on January 26, 2021, is "the fnal order of re-
moval" under the statute because it held that Riley was deportable and
directed that he be removed from the United States. The order was
also the Executive's fnal determination on the question of removal.
260 RILEY v. BONDI

Syllabus

An order of removal becomes fnal at the earlier of two points: (1) "a
determination by the [BIA] affrming such order," or (2) "the expiration
of the period in which the alien is permitted to" petition the BIA for
review of the order. (47)(B). Because an alien in streamlined
removal proceedings cannot seek review of his FARO before an IJ or
the BIA, the period to seek review "expire[s]" as soon as the FARO
is issued -- meaning that the order becomes fnal immediately upon
issuance.
The Court's decisions in Nasrallah v. Barr, and Johnson
v. Guzman Chavez, buttress this conclusion. In Nasral-
lah, the Court noted that CAT orders are not fnal removal orders
because they do not conclude that an alien is deportable or order depor-
tation. 590 U. S., at 582. The Court held that CAT orders do not "dis-
turb" or "affect the validity" of fnal removal orders, so they do not
merge into fnal orders because only rulings affecting the validity of a
fnal removal order will merge into the fnal order for purposes of judi-
cial review. Ibid. Guzman Chavez addressed whether aliens could be
released during the pendency of their withholding-only proceedings.
The Court held that the directive that they be removed had become
"administratively fnal" regardless of their pending CAT proceedings,
and "the fnality of [an] order of removal does not depend in any way on
Page Proof Pending Publication
the outcome of the withholding-only proceedings." 594 U. S., at 533,
539 -- 540.
The Government argues that the question in Guzman Chavez was
whether the removal order in that case was "administratively fnal" for
purposes of detention, not whether a removal order constitutes "the
fnal order of removal" for purposes of fling. But this argument con-
fates when a petition for review must be fled with the issues that may
be adjudicated in that proceeding. The Government then compares the
purposes of fnality in (1) and 1231, arguing that the meaning
differs. Although fnality may serve different purposes under different
statutes, it does not follow that the meaning of fnality necessarily var-
ies. The Government raises legitimate practical concerns about re-
moval orders becoming fnal before withholding-only relief is decided,
but the Court must follow statutory text and precedent. The text and
precedents make clear that the FARO is the fnal order of removal, and
withholding-only proceedings do not disturb the fnality of otherwise
fnal removal orders. Pp. 266 -- 272.
2. The 30-day fling deadline under (1) is a claims-processing
rule, not a jurisdictional requirement.
Categorizing a rule as jurisdictional has important consequences that
may disrupt the orderly and effcient adjudication of cases in the federal
courts. Court precedent shows reluctance to label rules "jurisdic-
 Cite as: (2025) 261

Syllabus

tional" unless Congress clearly signals that intent. While Congress
need not use "magic words" to indicate that a rule is jurisdictional, Hen-
derson v. Shinseki, the Court's recent decisions re-
quire an exceedingly strong signal for jurisdictional classifcation. That
demanding requirement is not met here.
Section 1252(b)(1) states petitions "must be fled not later than 30
days after the date of the fnal order of removal." This language tells
aliens what to do to obtain judicial review, but it provides no directives
to courts. It does not reference jurisdiction and lacks any language
"demarcat[ing] a court's power." Harrow v. Department of Defense,. The placement of the statute also suggests it is not
jurisdictional because neither the particular subsection nor the broader
section in which the deadline is placed concerns jurisdiction.
Precedents extending back nearly 20 years support classifying
(1)'s deadline as a claims-processing rule. Before Arbaugh v.
Y & H Corp., the Court occasionally classifed "non-
extendable time limit[s]" as jurisdictional. Id., at 510. In Arbaugh, however, the
Court made clear that courts should only treat statutory limitations as
jurisdictional if Congress "clearly states" that they have jurisdictional
consequences. 546 U. S., at 515. The Court's cases since Arbaugh
Page Proof Pending Publication
have almost uniformly found that the provisions at issue fail this de-
manding test. The one exception is John R. Sand & Gravel Co. v.
United States, where the Court would not overturn
a "defnitive earlier interpretation" of a statute as jurisdictional without
clear congressional directive. There, century-old decisions held that
the provision was truly jurisdictional. Id., at 134 -- 135.
While Stone v. INS, characterized (1)'s
predecessor provision as "jurisdictional," it used the term loosely and
did not "atten[d] to the distinction between `jurisdictional' rules (as we
understand them today) and nonjurisdictional but mandatory ones."
Santos-Zacaria v. Garland,. Since Stone, the Court
has repeatedly found that fling deadlines, including mandatory ones,
are not jurisdictional.
Section 1252's 30-day fling rule is not jurisdictional, but because the
Government does not wish to press that ground for dismissal the Court's
holding does not preclude this case from proceeding on remand.
Pp. 272 -- 277.
Vacated and remanded.

Alito, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J., and
Thomas, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ., joined in full, and in which Soto-
mayor, Kagan, Gorsuch, and Jackson, JJ., joined only as to Part II -- B.
262 RILEY v. BONDI

Syllabus

Thomas, J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 277. Sotomayor, J., fled
an opinion dissenting in part, in which Kagan and Jackson, JJ., joined
in full, and in which Gorsuch, J., joined except as to Part IV, post,
p. 281.

Keith Bradley argued the cause for petitioner. With him
on the briefs were Christopher F. Haas, Jeffrey Walker, and
Samuel Ballingrud.
Ephraim A. McDowell argued the cause for respondent in
support of petitioner. With him on the briefs were Acting
Solicitor General Harris, Solicitor General Prelogar, Prin-
cipal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy
Solicitor General Gannon, John W. Blakeley, Melissa L.
Neiman-Kelting, Dawn S. Conrad, and Elizabeth K.
Ottman.
Stephen J. Hammer, by invitation of the Court, argued the cause and fled a brief as amicus curiae
in support of the judgment below. With him on the brief
Page Proof Pending Publication
were Allyson N. Ho, Jonathan C. Bond, Robert A. Batista,
M. Christian Talley, Lavi M. Ben Dor, and Patrick J.
Fuster.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for Administrative
Law Professors by Zachary D. Tripp, Joshua M. Wesneski, and Alan B.
Morrison, pro se; for the American Immigration Lawyers Association
et al. by Sharon K. Hogue; for Civil Procedure and Federal Courts Profes-
sors by Jennifer Bennett; for the Constitutional Accountability Center
et al. by Elizabeth Wydra, Brianne J. Gorod, Trina Realmuto, and Kris-
tin Macleod-Ball; for Immigration Legal Service Providers by Tobias S.
Loss-Eaton, Charles Roth, Aimee Mayer-Salins, Melissa Crow, and Rob-
ert Pauw; and for Juan E. Méndez, Former U. N. Special Rapporteur on
Torture, by David M. Gossett.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for Former U. S.
Attorneys General by R. Trent McCotter and Gene P. Hamilton; and for
the Immigration Reform Law Institute by Christopher J. Hajec.
Briefs of amici cur iae were filed for the Center for Litigation
and Courts by Scott Dodson, Leah Spero, and Joshua P. Davis; and
for the Pacifc Legal Foundation by Damien M. Schiff and Allison D.
Daniel.
 Cite as: (2025) 263

Opinion of the Court

Justice Alito delivered the opinion of the Court.
In this case, we must decide whether the Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit erred in dismissing petitioner Pierre
Riley's petition for review on jurisdictional grounds. And in
order to make that decision, we must decide two subsidiary
questions: (1) whether the 30-day fling deadline for judicial
review of a "fnal order of removal," 8 U. S. C. (1), is
a jurisdictional requirement or simply a mandatory claim-
processing rule; and (2) whether an alien can obtain re-
view of a Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA) decision in a
"withholding-only" proceeding (i. e., one in which removal
from the United States is not at issue) by fling a petition for
review within 30 days of that decision.
The answers to these questions matter in this case because
Riley fled a petition for review within 30 days after a BIA
order in his withholding-only proceeding but long after the
issuance of a "fnal administrative review order" (FARO)
Page Proof Pending Publication
that commanded his removal from the United States. The
Court of Appeals held that Riley's petition was fled too late,
and because it viewed the 30-day deadline as jurisdictional,
it dismissed his petition. We now vacate and remand.
Taking the second question frst, we hold that a BIA order
in a withholding-only proceeding is not a "fnal order of re-
moval," and therefore the 30-day fling deadline cannot be
satisfed by fling a petition for review within 30 days of the
BIA's withholding-only order. Second, we hold that the 30-
day fling deadline is not jurisdictional. Because the Gov-
ernment has chosen not to seek dismissal of Riley's case on
that ground, we vacate the judgment below and remand for
further proceedings.
I
In 1995, Pierre Riley, a citizen of Jamaica, entered the
United States on a B -- 2 tourist visa that allowed him to stay
for six months, but he did not depart when that time was up.
2 App. 54. He became a member of "a far-reaching and well-
organized" drug traffcking gang and was convicted in 2008
264 RILEY v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

for conspiracy to distribute and to possess with intent to dis-
tribute more than 1,000 kilograms of marijuana, as well as for
possession of a frearm in furtherance of a drug-traffcking
crime. See United States v. Riley, 2008 WL 2662277, *1 -- *2
(SDNY, July 7, 2008). He was sentenced to 25 years' im-
prisonment but was released in January 2021. Riley v.
Garland, 2024 WL 1826979, *1 (CA4, Apr. 26, 2024) (per
curiam).
Shortly thereafter, immigration authorities took Riley into
custody and sought his removal. Because he had been con-
victed of an aggravated felony, his case proceeded along the
supposedly streamlined track that Congress created in 1996.
See 8 U. S. C. ; Antiterrorism and Effective Death Pen-
alty Act of 1996, 110 Stat. 1277 -- 1279. Under this proc-
ess, if an immigration offcer concludes that an alien was con-
victed of an aggravated felony, the offcer issues a "Notice of
Intent" to deport. 8 CFR.1(b)(1) (2024). The alien
Page Proof Pending Publication
may challenge that determination in writing within 10 days
after the notice of intent is issued..1(c)(1). If the im-
migration offcer fnds that the alien is removable, or if the
alien declines to challenge removability, the offcer issues a
FARO specifying the country to which the alien must be de-
ported..1(d)(1), (f)(2). The alien may then petition a
court of appeals for review. See 8 U. S. C. (3).
In this case, it was undisputed that Riley had been con-
victed of an aggravated felony, and therefore on January 26,
2021, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) issued a
FARO directing that Riley be sent back to Jamaica.
Riley did not contest his removal from the United States,
but he resisted return to Jamaica under the Convention
Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading
Treatment or Punishment (Convention or CAT), Dec. 10,
1984, S. Treaty Doc. No. 100 -- 20, 1465 U. N. T. S. 113. Arti-
cle Three of the Convention prohibits a signatory state from
sending a person to another nation if "there are substantial
grounds for believing that he would be in danger of being
 Cite as: (2025) 265

Opinion of the Court

subjected to torture." The United States became a full
party to the CAT in 1994, see United Nations, General As-
sembly, Report of the Committee Against Torture, 55 U. N.
GAOR Supp. No. 55, p. 44, U. N. Doc. A/55/44 (2000), and
as subsequently required by legislation, see Foreign Affairs
Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998, 112 Stat.
2681 -- 822, regulations implementing the CAT's requirements
were then adopted. As relevant here, these regulations
prohibit the removal of an alien to a country where torture
is likely. See generally 8 CFR.16.
Seeking relief under the CAT, Riley told an immigration
offcer that a wealthy and powerful Jamaican drug kingpin
had it in for Riley's family, had killed two of his cousins,
was infuential with the police and politicians in Jamaica, and
would likely kill Riley if he was returned to any place in
that country. See 2 App. 66 -- 70. The offcer concluded that
Riley did not demonstrate reasonable fear of persecution, but
Page Proof Pending Publication
an Immigration Judge (IJ) disagreed and therefore sent Ril-
ey's case to what is called a "withholding-only" proceeding -- 
that is, a proceeding at which the only issue is whether the
alien may be removed to his home country.
At Riley's withholding-only proceeding, the IJ found Riley
credible and granted deferral of removal to Jamaica under
the CAT. 2024 WL 1826979, *1.
The DHS appealed that decision to the BIA, which found
that Riley's claim was "not supported by suffcient objective
evidence." 1 App. 50. Accordingly, the BIA vacated the
IJ's order and thus allowed the FARO to be enforced. 2024
WL 1826979, *1.
Three days after the issuance of that order, Riley fled a
petition for review in the U. S. Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit, but the court dismissed the petition for lack
of jurisdiction. It held that the fnal order of removal in
Riley's case was the FARO issued on January 26, 2021, not
the later BIA order denying CAT relief. This meant that
Riley's petition had not been fled on time, and because the
266 RILEY v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

court thought that the 30-day fling deadline in (1)
is jurisdictional, it dismissed Riley's petition. Id., at *1 -- *2.
In holding that the 30-day fling deadline is jurisdictional,
the Fourth Circuit joined the Seventh Circuit, but its holding
conficted with decisions of the Fifth and Ninth Circuits.
Compare Martinez v. Garland, 86 F. 4th 561, 571 -- 572 (CA4
2023); F. J. A. P. v. Garland, 94 F. 4th 620, 626 (CA7 2024),
with Argueta-Hernandez v. Garland, 87 F. 4th 698, 705 (CA5
2023); Alonso-Juarez v. Garland, 80 F. 4th 1039, 1046 -- 1047
(CA9 2023). And in holding that the 30-day fling deadline
begins to run when a FARO is issued, the Fourth Circuit
joined the Second Circuit, see Bhaktibhai-Patel v. Garland,
32 F. 4th 180, 192 -- 194 (CA2 2022), but its decision was at
odds with decisions of numerous other Circuits, most of
which were handed down before our decisions in Nasrallah
v. Barr, (2020), and Johnson v. Guzman Chavez,
(2021), analyzed related issues. See Jimenez-
Morales v. Attorney Gen., 821 F. 3d 1307, 1308 (CA11 2016);
Page Proof Pending Publication
Garcia v. Sessions, 856 F. 3d 27, 35 (CA1 2017); Bonilla v. Ses-
sions, 891 F. 3d 87, 90, (CA3 2018); Argueta-Hernandez, 87
F. 4th, at 706; F. J. A. P., 94 F. 4th, at 635 -- 636; Alonso-
Juarez, 80 F. 4th, at 1046; Arostegui-Maldonado v. Garland,
75 F. 4th 1132, 1142 -- 1143 (CA10 2023); Kolov v. Garland, 78
F. 4th 911, 918 -- 919 (CA6 2023).
We granted certiorari to resolve these two splits. Riley
v. Garland, (2024). Because the Government
agreed with Riley's position on both issues, we appointed
Stephen J. Hammer as amicus curiae to defend the judg-
ment below. (2024). He has ably discharged
his responsibilities.
II
A
Under 8 U. S. C. (1), a petition for review of a
"fnal order of removal" must be fled within 30 days of that
order. Riley and the Government argue that Riley's peti-
 Cite as: (2025) 267

Opinion of the Court

tion was fled on time because it was fled within 30 days of
the BIA order denying deferral of removal, and we must
therefore decide whether that order is a "fnal order of re-
moval." We conclude that it is not.

1
The statutory text speaks directly and clearly to this ques-
tion. While the Immigration and Nationality Act does not
defne the term "order of removal," any statutory reference
to "an order of removal" is "deemed to include a reference
to... an order of deportation." Illegal Immigration Reform
and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996, (2), 110
Stat. 3009 -- 627. An "order of deportation," in turn, is de-
fned as an order "concluding that the alien is deportable
or ordering deportation." 8 U. S. C. (47)(A). So an
"order of removal" must have those same characteristics.
We must therefore identify which order concluded that
Page Proof Pending Publication
Riley is "deportable" and commanded his deportation, and it
is clear that the qualifying order is the FARO issued by DHS
on January 26, 2021. That order held that Riley was deport-
able and directed that he be removed from the United States.
See 1 App. 8.
The order was also the Executive's fnal determination on
the question of removal. An order of removal becomes fnal
at the earlier of two points: (1) "a determination by the [BIA]
affrming such order," or (2) "the expiration of the period in
which the alien is permitted to" petition the BIA for review
of the order. (47)(B). This statutory defnition ties
fnality to agency review. Because an alien in streamlined
removal proceedings cannot seek review of his FARO before
an IJ or the BIA, the period to seek review "expir[es]" as
soon as the FARO is issued -- meaning that the order be-
comes fnal immediately upon issuance. Therefore, under a
straightforward reading of the statutory text, Riley's FARO
constituted "the fnal order of removal" in this case.
268 RILEY v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

2
Our decisions in Nasrallah and Guzman Chavez buttress
this conclusion. Although the ultimate issue in each of those
cases differed from the question now before us, both deci-
sions are instructive.
In Nasrallah, the question was whether the alien could
mount a factual challenge to the denial of relief under the
CAT. Because the alien had been convicted of aggravated
felonies, (2)(C) prevented him from challenging the
factual fndings on the basis of which his removal had been
ordered. See 590 U. S., at 576 -- 577, 581. But the Govern-
ment argued that (2)(C), in combination with
(9) (the so-called "zipper clause," see Guerrero-
Lasprilla v. Barr, (2020)), also barred
the alien from raising a factual challenge to his CAT order.
See Brief for Respondent in Nasrallah v. Barr, O. T. 2019,
No. 18 -- 1432, p. 35. The zipper clause provides that judicial
Page Proof Pending Publication
review of any "questions of law and fact" that arise in re-
moval proceedings may occur "only in judicial review of a
fnal order under this section." (9). As the Gov-
ernment saw it, the zipper clause merged the disposition of
the CAT claim into the fnal order of removal, and since the
alien could not challenge the removal decision on factual
grounds, the alien should also be unable to challenge the fac-
tual basis for the denial of CAT relief. See 590 U. S., at
584 -- 585.
We disagreed. See id., at 582 -- 583. We noted that a CAT
order is not a fnal order of removal because "it is not an
order `concluding that the alien is deportable or ordering de-
portation.' " Id., at 582. And what is more, we held, a CAT
order "does not disturb" or "affect the validity" of a fnal
order of removal. Ibid. We therefore held that the BIA's
CAT order "d[id] not merge into" a fnal order of removal for
purposes of judicial review because only "rulings that affect
the validity of the fnal order of removal" merge into that
order. Ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 269

Opinion of the Court

Our reasoning in Guzman Chavez was similar. The ques-
tion there was whether the aliens in question could be re-
leased during the pendency of their withholding-only pro-
ceedings, and the answer to that question hinged on whether
the aliens were being detained under (2), which
allows release before an alien is ordered removed, or under
(1)(B) and (a)(2), which make detention mandatory
after removal has become " `administratively fnal.' " 594
U. S., at 527 -- 528. In Guzman Chavez, the aliens' removal
had been ordered by DHS, and that determination was
not being challenged, but proceedings in which they were
seeking withholding of removal were still in progress. Id.,
at 532.
We held that the aliens were detained under
(1)(B) and (a)(2) and, as a result, could not be re-
leased. Id., at 533. We reasoned that the directive that
they be removed had become "administratively fnal" and
that the pendency of the withholding-only proceedings did
Page Proof Pending Publication
not alter that fact. See id., at 540. Withholding-only pro-
ceedings, we said, do not "affec[t]" a removal order's "valid-
ity," and an alien's initiation of such proceedings "does not
render non-fnal an otherwise `administratively fnal'...
order of removal." Ibid. (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). "[T]he fnality of the order of removal," we explained,
"does not depend in any way on the outcome of the
withholding-only proceedings." See id., at 539.
For present purposes, the lessons taught by Nasrallah and
Guzman Chavez are clear. An order denying relief under
the CAT is not a fnal order of removal and does not affect
the validity of a previously issued order of removal or render
that order non-fnal. That teaching dooms Riley's argu-
ment here.
3
Riley and the Government struggle to escape the reason-
ing of Nasrallah and Guzman Chavez, but their efforts are
unconvincing. Riley begins by arguing at length that in a
270 RILEY v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

case like his, an order denying withholding of removal or
CAT relief should be regarded as marking the point in time
of a fnal order because it occurs last and enables the FARO
to be executed. See Brief for Petitioner 29 -- 34. But as al-
ready explained, this argument runs headlong into Nasral-
lah and Guzman Chavez.
The Government, while agreeing with the court below that
a CAT or withholding-only relief order is not itself a fnal
order of removal, also contends that a previously issued re-
moval order cannot become fnal "until the conclusion of
withholding-only proceedings." Brief for Respondent in
Support of Petitioner 42 -- 43. But Guzman Chavez makes
clear that "the fnality of [an] order of removal does not de-
pend in any way on the outcome of the withholding-only pro-
ceedings." See 594 U. S., at 539.
The Government responds that the question in Guzman
Chavez was whether the removal order in that case was "ad-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ministratively final" for purposes of detention under
(1)(B), not whether, as in this case, a removal order
constitutes "the fnal order of removal" under (1)'s
30-day fling rule. See Brief for Respondent in Support of
Petitioner 44 -- 45. The Government notes that the language
in these two provisions is not exactly the same, and it argues
that there are two good reasons why the concept of fnal-
ity should be seen as having different meanings under
(1) and 1231.
The frst of these arguments analogizes review under
(1) to an appeal from a district court's "fnal deci-
sio[n]" under 28 U. S. C.. See Brief for Respondent
in Support of Petitioner 46. Since an appeal from a fnal
district court decision provides the vehicle for reviewing all
prior district court rulings, the Government argues that
there should be a single review proceeding in a case like
this. Ibid.
This argument confates two separate issues: (1) when a
petition for review must be fled and (2) the issues that may
 Cite as: (2025) 271

Opinion of the Court

be adjudicated in that proceeding. We agree that there can
be only one review proceeding in a case like Riley's, and we
also agree with the obvious proposition that review of the
denial of CAT relief cannot take place until the BIA has de-
nied such relief. That does not mean, however, that an
order denying CAT relief is the fnal order of removal in a
case like Riley's or that a previously issued removal order
remains non-fnal until CAT relief is denied. Instead, the
only conclusion that the Government's argument supports is
that review of removability and withholding of removal
should occur in a single appellate proceeding.
The Government's second argument regarding the mean-
ing of fnality in (1) and 1231 rests on its under-
standing of the reasons why fnality is important under those
two provisions. Under (1), the Government as-
serts, fnality is important because it marks the point at
which judicial review may be sought, whereas under,
the fnalization of administrative review is an event that
Page Proof Pending Publication
heightens the risk that an alien, if not detained, will simply
disappear. See id., at 47.
We appreciate this difference, but just because fnality
may serve different purposes under different statutes, it
does not follow that the meaning of fnality necessarily var-
ies. Here, Riley's argument does not provide an adequate
reason to disregard the lessons of Nasrallah and Guzman
Chavez.
4
The Government's fnal submission concerns the practical
problems that it fears will arise if a removal order becomes
fnal before the issue of withholding-only relief is decided.
The Government worries that aliens like Riley who wish
only to contest removal to their native country will not fle
a petition for review until their request for withholding of
removal to that destination is denied. And if an alien fles
a petition for review before the question of withholding-
only relief is settled, the Government fears that the proceed-
272 RILEY v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

ing in the court of appeals may be wrapped up before the
BIA denies withholding-only relief, and the alien may thus
be deprived of any judicial review of that denial. See Brief
for Respondent in Support of Petitioner 36 -- 38.
These are legitimate practical concerns, but we must nev-
ertheless follow the statutory text and our prior precedents.
And in any event, these problems are not unavoidable. In a
case like this, the Government can inform aliens of the need
to fle a petition within 30 days after the issuance of a FARO,
and it can alert the court of appeals to the pendency of a
withholding-only proceeding so that review there can wait
until that issue is decided. And if requests for withholding
of removal in cases like Riley's are decided expeditiously -- 
and that was the whole point of the supposedly streamlined
procedure adopted by Congress to effect the quick removal
of dangerous aliens* -- petitions for review of removal orders
should not linger long on a court of appeals docket before
the withholding issue is ready for review. Finally, if the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Government makes a general practice of what it has done in
Riley's case, i. e., declining to press for enforcement of the
30-day fling rule, aliens who are mistaken about when a peti-
tion for review must be fled will not be hurt.
In sum, the statutory text and our precedents make clear
that the FARO is the fnal order of removal in this case, and
withholding-only proceedings do not disturb the fnality of
an otherwise fnal order of removal.

B
We turn next to the question whether (1)'s 30-day
deadline for fling a petition for review is "jurisdictional."

*The Government reminds us that such proceedings have often lasted
many months and even years. See Brief for Respondent in Support of
Petitioner 37 
(Floyd, J., concurring in judgment); Johnson v. Guzman Chavez, (2021) (Breyer, J., dissenting)). That is surely not what Congress
anticipated when it enacted the streamlined procedure.
 Cite as: (2025) 273

Opinion of the Court

This question is important because categorizing a rule as
jurisdictional has important consequences that may disrupt
the orderly and effcient adjudication of cases in the federal
courts. Courts generally decide only the questions that are
presented by the parties. See Henderson v. Shinseki, (2011). If a party neglects to raise, concedes,
or waives an issue, a court generally has no obligation to
consider it. See Wilkins v. United States, -- 158 (2023); see also Union Pacifc R. Co. v. Locomotive
Engineers, -- 82 (2009) (noting that nonjuris-
dictional matters are "ordinarily forfeited if the party assert-
ing the rule waits too long to raise the point" (internal quota-
tion marks omitted)).
True jurisdictional requirements, however, are different.
A federal court must always satisfy itself that it has jurisdic-
tion. See United States v. Kwai Fun Wong, -- 409 (2015). Thus, even if the parties fail to spot a juris-
Page Proof Pending Publication
dictional issue or agree that the court has jurisdiction, the
court cannot proceed unless it makes an independent deter-
mination that it has jurisdiction. See Henderson, 562 U. S.,
at 434; see also 33 C. Wright, C. Koch, & R. Murphy, Federal
Practice and Procedure, p. 50 (2018) ("[A] litigant's fail-
ure to comply with a jurisdictional bar deprives a court of
all authority to hear a case, regardless of waiver or equitable
considerations" (internal quotation marks and alteration
omitted)).
Relying on a string of decisions issued during the past 19
years, Riley and the Government argue that the 30-day fling
deadline in (1) is not a jurisdictional rule but is in-
stead a "quintessential claim-processing rul[e]." Brief for
Petitioner 18 ; see Brief
for Respondent in Support of Petitioner 18 -- 21. Amicus, on
the other hand, maintains that the 30-day deadline is juris-
dictional, and because Riley did not fle within 30 days of the
fnal order of removal, he agrees with the Fourth Circuit that
Riley's petition had to be dismissed. See Brief for Court-
274 RILEY v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

Appointed Amicus Curiae in Support of Judgment Below
15 -- 22. Riley and the Government have the better argu-
ment on this issue.
1
Because jurisdictional rules have a unique capacity to dis-
rupt the orderly adjudication of disputes, we are reluctant
to label a rule "jurisdictional" unless Congress has clearly
signaled that the rule is meant to have that status. See
Kwai Fun Wong, 575 U. S., at 409 -- 410; Henderson, 562 U. S.,
at 435 -- 436. We have said that Congress "need not use
magic words in order to speak clearly" on the question
whether a provision is jurisdictional, id., at 436, but our pat-
tern of recent decisions shows that we will not categorize a
provision as "jurisdictional" unless the signal is exceedingly
strong.
And in this case, that demanding requirement is not met.
We start with the text of the statute. Section 1252(b)(1)
Page Proof Pending Publication
provides that "[t]he petition for review must be fled not later
than 30 days after the date of the fnal order of removal."
This language tells aliens what they must do if they want
judicial review, but it provides no directives to courts. It
makes no reference to jurisdiction and lacks any language
"demarcat[ing] a court's power." Harrow v. Department of
Defense, (2024); see Henderson, 562 U. S.,
at 438; Kwai Fun Wong, 575 U. S., at 411.
The placement of the 30-day fling rule also weighs against
amicus's argument. Neither the particular subsection nor
the broader section in which the deadline is placed concerns
jurisdiction, but there are other sections in which the dead-
line could have been housed if it had been meant to have
jurisdictional status. One possibility is (4), which
delineates the bounds of an appellate court's review author-
ity. Another is (2), which is entitled "Matters not
subject to judicial review." (Boldface deleted.) But Con-
gress eschewed those logical homes for a true jurisdictional
provision.
 Cite as: (2025) 275

Opinion of the Court

2
Our precedents extending back nearly 20 years support
classifying (1)'s fling deadline as a claims-processing
rule. Prior to our decision in Arbaugh v. Y & H Corp., (2006), we had occasionally classifed "nonex-
tendable time limit[s]" as jurisdictional. Id., at 510 ). And
in several other cases, we had issued what we have called
" `drive-by' " jurisdictional statements -- that is, we had
loosely stated that " `jurisdictio[n]' " was lacking without con-
sidering whether the defect really concerned a limitation on
the court's capacity to decide as opposed to a threshold re-
quirement that a party had to satisfy in order to go forward.
546 U. S., at 511 ).
Since Arbaugh, however, we have been more disciplined in
our use of the term "jurisdictional." In that case, we were
Page Proof Pending Publication
required to decide whether satisfying Title VII's defnition
of a covered "employer," which turns on the number of em-
ployees in a work force, was a jurisdictional requirement.
546 U. S., at 503. In holding that this coverage requirement
is not jurisdictional, we made clear that courts should treat
a "statutory limitation" as jurisdictional only if Congress
"clearly states" that the provision has jurisdictional conse-
quences. Id., at 515 -- 516. And since Arbaugh, our cases
have almost uniformly found that the provisions at issue
failed to meet this very demanding test. See, e. g., Reed
Elsevier, Inc. v. Muchnick, (2010); Hender-
son, 562 U. S., at 441 -- 442; Sebelius v. Auburn Regional Med-
ical Center, -- 155 (2013); Kwai Fun Wong,
575 U. S., at 410 -- 411; Boechler v. Commissioner, (2022); Wilkins, 598 U. S., at 158 -- 159; Harrow, 601
U. S., at 485.
The one exception to this pattern is John R. Sand &
Gravel Co. v. United States, (2008) -- and, not
surprisingly, that decision is the centerpiece of amicus's ar-
276 RILEY v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

gument. See Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus Curiae in
Support of Judgment Below 17 -- 22, 26 -- 30. But the situation
in John R. Sand was quite different from the situation here.
In John R. Sand, decisions going back more than a century
had held that the provision in question and its predecessors
were truly jurisdictional. 552 U. S., at 134 -- 135. They did
not simply use that term but referred to the unique charac-
teristics of jurisdictional provisions. See Kendall v. United
States, -- 126 (1883); Finn v. United States,
-- 233 (1887). And we held that we will not
overturn a "defnitive earlier interpretation" of a statute as
jurisdictional unless Congress has provided a clear contrary
directive. See John R. Sand, 552 U. S., at 137 -- 138.
Here, amicus argues that Stone v. INS, 
(1995), is like the earlier jurisdictional decisions on which we
relied in John R. Sand. In Stone, the Court characterized
(1)'s predecessor as "jurisdictional," 514 U. S., at
Page Proof Pending Publication
405, and amicus argues that this is a "defnitive interpreta-
tion" that should be accepted, see Brief for Court-Appointed
Amicus Curiae in Support of Judgment Below 11. But we
see critical differences between Stone and the established
precedents in John R. Sand.
Stone, to be sure, did describe a predecessor provision's
fling deadline as "jurisdictional." 514 U. S., at 405; see also
Henderson, 562 U. S., at 437. As we later explained, how-
ever, Stone used the term "jurisdictional" loosely and did not
"atten[d] to the distinction between `jurisdictional' rules (as
we understand them today) and nonjurisdictional but manda-
tory ones." Santos-Zacaria v. Garland, 
(2023). Stone suggested that all mandatory fling require-
ments are jurisdictional, see 514 U. S., at 405, but since that
time, we have repeatedly found that fling deadlines, includ-
ing some couched in mandatory terms, are not jurisdictional.
In Henderson, we unanimously held that 38 U. S. C.
-- which provides that "a person adversely affected"
by a decision of the Board of Veterans' Appeals "shall fle a
 Cite as: (2025) 277

Thomas, J., concurring

notice of appeal... within 120 days" -- is not a jurisdictional
time bar. 562 U. S., at 441 -- 442. We reached the same con-
clusion in Boechler, where the provision at issue, 26 U. S. C.
(1), set the deadline for fling a petition for review
in the Tax Court. 596 U. S., at 211. And most recently, in
Harrow, we held that 5 U. S. C. (1)(A), which pro-
vides that "any petition for review" of an order of the Merit
Systems Protection Board "shall be fled within 60 days after
the Board issues notice of the fnal order or decision," is non-
jurisdictional. 601 U. S., at 485.
In these cases, like the present case, the statutes imposed
requirements on litigants, not the courts; but even when the
relevant statutory language was not litigant-focused, we
have found that our clear statement rule was not satisfed.
See, e. g., Kwai Fun Wong, 575 U. S., at 410 -- 411 (holding
that 28 U. S. C., which provides that "[a] tort claim
against the United States shall be forever barred unless it is
presented... within two years after such claim accrues," is
Page Proof Pending Publication
non-jurisdictional); Wilkins, 598 U. S., at 159 (holding man-
datory time bar non-jurisdictional).
In sum, we hold that 's 30-day fling rule is not juris-
dictional, but because the Government does not wish to press
that ground for dismissal, it does not preclude this case from
proceeding on remand.

* * *
For these reasons, the judgment of the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is vacated, and the
case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, concurring.
The Court today holds that the Fourth Circuit erred in
treating the 30-day deadline in 8 U. S. C. (1) as juris-
dictional. Ante, at 263. I agree and join the Court's opinion
278 RILEY v. BONDI

Thomas, J., concurring

in full. I write separately to note that the Fourth Circuit
may nevertheless lack jurisdiction over this suit for a differ-
ent reason. Petitioner Pierre Riley sought review of an
"Order of the Board of Immigration Appeals... entered
on May 31, 2022." 1 App. 42 (emphasis deleted). Today's
opinion makes clear that this May 31 order is not a " `fnal
order of removal.' " Ante, at 267. Instead, it is an order
denying relief under the Convention Against Torture and
Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punish-
ment (CAT). Congress has specifed that federal courts of
appeals lack jurisdiction to review CAT orders "except as
part of the review of a fnal order of removal.", 112
Stat. 2681 -- 822, note following 8 U. S. C.. Thus, on remand, the Fourth Circuit should con-
sider whether it has jurisdiction to review a CAT order when
the court is not conducting that review "as part of the review
of a fnal order of removal." Ibid.

Page Proof Pending
I Publication
Through a series of statutory enactments, Congress has
established a comprehensive framework for "[j]udicial re-
view of a fnal order of removal." 8 U. S. C. (1).
"[A] `fnal order of removal' is a fnal order `concluding that
the alien is deportable or ordering deportation.' " Nasral-
lah v. Barr, (2020) (47)(A)).
The Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-
bility Act of 1996 (IIRIRA) grants the federal courts of ap-
peals jurisdiction to review an alien's "fnal order of re-
moval." (1). The statute makes the fling of a
"petition for review" in accordance with the procedures out-
lined in IIRIRA the "sole and exclusive means" for an alien
to obtain judicial review of such an order. (5).
IIRIRA contemplates that an alien facing removal may
bring a "claim" under the CAT. (4). The CAT is
an international human rights treaty that, as relevant here,
 Cite as: (2025) 279

Thomas, J., concurring

prohibits the removal of an alien to a country where the alien
is likely to be tortured. CAT claims are addressed in the
frst instance by an immigration judge. The immigration
judge's decision is appealable to the Board of Immigration
Appeals, an administrative body within the Executive
Branch.
This Court has made clear that "CAT orders are not the
same as fnal orders of removal." Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at
582 (emphasis deleted). "An order granting CAT relief
means only that, notwithstanding the order of removal, the
[alien] may not be removed to the designated country of re-
moval, at least until conditions change in that country."
Ibid. "A CAT order is not itself a fnal order of removal
because it is not an order `concluding that the alien is deport-
able or ordering deportation.' " Ibid.
While IIRIRA acknowledges that an alien may bring a
"claim" under the CAT, see (4), jurisdiction for judi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cial review of CAT claims comes from a different statute -- 
the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998
(FARRA), see, 112 Stat. 2681 -- 822, note following 8
U. S. C.. FARRA specifes that no federal court shall
have "jurisdiction to consider or review claims raised under
the [CAT] except as part of the review of a fnal order of
removal pursuant to [8 U. S. C. ].", 112 Stat.
2681 -- 822; see also 8 U. S. C. (4) (stating that the fl-
ing of "a petition for review fled with an appropriate court
of appeals in accordance with " is the "sole and exclu-
sive means for judicial review" of any CAT claim).
IIRIRA also contains a "zipper clause," which provides for
consolidation in judicial review. The zipper clause states
that "[e]xcept as otherwise provided in this section," judicial
review of "all questions of law and fact... arising from any
action taken or proceeding brought to remove an alien" shall
be "available only in judicial review of a fnal order under
this section." (9). The upshot is straightforward:
Federal courts generally lack jurisdiction over all questions
280 RILEY v. BONDI

Thomas, J., concurring

of law and fact that arise from removal proceedings unless
the court is reviewing "a fnal order" under (1) or
exercising jurisdiction "otherwise provided" in.
(9).
The zipper clause plainly covers CAT claims because CAT
claims "aris[e] from" removal proceedings. Ibid.; see also
Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at 585. It follows that federal courts
lack jurisdiction to review CAT claims "unless they are re-
viewing `a fnal order' under (1) or exercising juris-
diction `otherwise provided' in." Jennings v. Rodri-
guez, (2018) (Thomas, J., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment). Section 1252 does not
contain "a specifc grant of jurisdiction over CAT claims."
Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at 591 -- 592 (Thomas, J., dissenting).
FARRA -- not -- "provides for judicial review of CAT
claims." Id., at 580 (majority opinion). Thus, on my read-
ing of the relevant statutes, courts cannot review CAT claims
unless they are reviewing a fnal order of removal.
Page Proof Pending Publication
II
Riley has never petitioned for judicial review of a fnal
order of removal. See Brief for Petitioner 10 -- 12. He peti-
tioned the Fourth Circuit only for "review of the Order of
the Board of Immigration Appeals... entered on May 31,
2022." 1 App. 42 (emphasis deleted). And, as the Court
today holds, this May 31 order addressing Riley's CAT claim
is not a fnal order of removal. Ante, at 267.
I do not see how the Fourth Circuit has jurisdiction to
review a CAT order in isolation when the petitioner does
not seek review of a fnal order of removal. Congress has
provided that federal courts of appeals lack jurisdiction to
review an order denying CAT relief "except as part of the
review of a fnal order of removal.", 112 Stat.
2681 -- 822. "In other words, a fnal order
of removal is required if a court is to review a CAT order at
all." Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at 592 (Thomas, J., dissenting).
 Cite as: (2025) 281

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

Riley has undoubtedly received a fnal order of removal.
But, he has never sought judicial review of that order pursu-
ant to the procedures outlined in. This Court has
held that "CAT orders may be reviewed together with fnal
orders of removal in a court of appeals." Id., at 581 (empha-
sis added). But, as far as I am aware, we have never held
that judicial review of CAT orders is available when an alien
does not petition for review of a fnal order of removal.
"[W]e can address jurisdictional issues in any order we
choose." Acheson Hotels, LLC v. Laufer, 
(2023); see also Ruhrgas AG v. Marathon Oil Co., (1999) (there is no mandatory "sequencing of juris-
dictional issues"). In this case, we decide only the issue on
which we granted certiorari: the correctness of the Fourth
Circuit's conclusion that it lacked jurisdiction based on the
timing of Riley's petition for review. We do not decide
whether Riley's case is otherwise free of jurisdictional
defects.
Page Proof Pending Publication
On remand, the Fourth Circuit must assure itself of its
jurisdiction before it can proceed to the merits of Riley's pe-
tition. See Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment,
-- 102 (1998). I encourage the Fourth Circuit
to consider whether it has jurisdiction to review a CAT
order -- and only a CAT order -- when the petitioner does not
seek review of a fnal order of removal.

Justice Sotomayor, with whom Justice Kagan and
Justice Jackson join, and with whom Justice Gorsuch
joins as to all but Part IV, dissenting in part.
Sometimes, to ask a question is to answer it. When peti-
tioner Pierre Riley received an order from the Department
of Homeland Security notifying him it would seek to deport
him to Jamaica, he timely sought deferral of that removal on
the ground that he would likely be killed upon his return
there. After initially winning such relief from an Immigra-
tion Judge, Riley lost before the Board of Immigration Ap-
282 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

peals. The question is when Riley should have petitioned
for judicial review of the Board's order. Was his petition
due 30 days after the Government frst notifed him he would
be deported, well over a year before the Board issued the
order Riley sought to challenge? Or was it instead due 30
days after the order denying his claim for deferral of re-
moval? The answer is clear: One should not be required to
appeal an order before it exists.
Incomprehensibly, the Court disagrees. It acknowledges
that the immigration laws required Riley to appeal the De-
partment's decision that he was "deportable" together with
the Board's (much later) order denying him relief from re-
moval to Jamaica. It admits that the only way to review
both orders is to do so after the latter of the two issues. Yet
it concludes Riley's appeal was due before the Board issued
the second order. Because Congress did not write so inco-
herent a judicial-review provision, I respectfully dissent.*

Page Proof Pending
I Publication
A
Petitioner Pierre Riley grew up in Kingston, Jamaica. In
1995, at age 16, he entered the United States on a visitor's
visa to live with his father, a U. S. citizen. Riley overstayed
his visa, because (he says) he thought his father had ar-
ranged for his naturalization. Eventually, Riley got in-
volved in marijuana traffcking, and in 2008, a federal jury
convicted him of conspiring to distribute marijuana and pos-
sessing a frearm in furtherance of that conspiracy. For
those offenses, a Federal District Court sentenced him to 25
years' imprisonment.
In January of 2021, after serving nearly 15 years of his
sentence, Riley moved for compassionate release, arguing
that his Type 2 diabetes and the COVID -- 19 pandemic consti-

*The majority correctly holds that the deadlines in this case are not
jurisdictional, ante, at 272 -- 277, so I join Part II -- B of its opinion.
 Cite as: (2025) 283

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

tuted extraordinary and compelling reasons justifying his re-
lease. The District Court agreed.
A few days later, the Department of Homeland Security
served Riley with notice that it would seek to remove him
from the United States. Because Riley had been convicted
of an aggravated felony, the Government could pursue his
removal "without a hearing before an immigration judge."
8 CFR.1(b)(2)(i) (2024); 8 U. S. C.. Instead,
after providing Riley an opportunity to contest his remov-
ability in writing, an immigration offcer simply issued a
"Final Administrative Removal Order," fnding him "deport-
able" and ordering him "removed from the United States t[o]
Jamaica." 1 App. 7 -- 8. Riley received this removal order
on January 28, 2021.
B
The Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhu-
man or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (CAT), Art. 3,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Dec. 10, 1984, S. Treaty Doc. No. 100 -- 20, 1465 U. N. T. S.
113, categorically prohibits signatory states from returning
any person "to another State where there are substantial
grounds for believing that he would be in danger of being
subjected to torture." The United States has been a party
to the Convention since 1994, and federal statutes and regu-
lations implement its requirements. See ante, at 265;
8 CFR.16(c). "A conviction of an aggravated felony
has no effect on CAT eligibility" and "the Attorney General
has no discretion to deny relief to a noncitizen who estab-
lishes his eligibility." Moncrieffe v. Holder, (2013). That is why even noncitizens like Riley,
who are statutorily ineligible for administrative hearings on
removability, are nonetheless entitled to a hearing before an
immigration judge if they express a credible fear of torture
in their country of removal. Such hearings are known as
withholding-only or CAT proceedings, and their result can
be appealed to the Board of Immigration Appeals. 8 CFR.31(e).
284 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

After receiving his removal order, Riley told an asylum
offcer that a powerful drug dealer affliated with the Jamai-
can Government had been targeting his family and had mur-
dered two of his cousins. 2 App. 66. Riley feared that he,
too, would be killed upon his return to Jamaica. The offcer
found Riley "credible," but nonetheless concluded he was in-
eligible for CAT relief. Id., at 59.
At a subsequent hearing before an Immigration Judge,
Riley again testifed that he feared removal to Jamaica.
Riley explained that, following his compassionate release, "a
big drug kingpin" who functioned as a major political leader
in his Kingston neighborhood and was "tied in with all facets
of law enforcement" had threatened repeatedly to kill him.
Administrative Record in Riley v. Garland, No. 22 -- 1609
(CA4), p. 194; see id., at 204 -- 207. In 2008, Riley said, the
same kingpin had ordered the killing of his cousin, Oneil
Spencer, after Spencer stopped "donat[ing]" money "to fund
Page Proof Pending Publication
political campaigns and pay off government offcials." Id.,
at 201. When another cousin, Darrel Scott, was deported
from the United States to Jamaica two years later and urged
the local police to investigate Spencer's murder, he too was
shot and killed. Id., at 203 -- 204.
After Riley's release made the Jamaican news, his mother,
sister, and brother each began receiving a constant stream
of death threats directed at Riley. Id., at 207 -- 209, 280 -- 289.
His mother reported the threats to the police, but (Riley tes-
tifed) she was told that "the reason why your son is getting
threats is because it's payback," that Riley was a "criminal,"
and that he would have to "pay for protection." Id., at 208.
Riley also explained that he could not evade these threats
by moving elsewhere in Jamaica. As a deportee with a
criminal record, Riley would be required under Jamaican law
to register his address upon his return, meaning he would
be easily located.
Along with his CAT application for deferral of his removal
to Jamaica, Riley submitted letters from his mother, sister,
 Cite as: (2025) 285

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

brother, and stepfather corroborating his testimony. See
id., at 280 -- 289. Riley also submitted Spencer's death cer-
tifcate, which lists "multiple gunshot wounds" as the cause
of death. Id., at 292.
The Immigration Judge found Riley's testimony credible,
concluded that he was more likely than not to face torture
or death upon his return to Jamaica, and granted CAT defer-
ral of removal.
C
The Department of Homeland Security appealed the Immi-
gration Judge's deferral order to the Board of Immigration
Appeals. The Board discerned "no clear error in the Immi-
gration Judge's credibility determination." 1 App. 47.
Nevertheless, it concluded that Riley's claim was "based on
the stringing together of a series of suppositions." Id., at
50. Accordingly, the Board once again ordered Riley re-
moved to Jamaica. The Board fled its order on May 31,
Page Proof Pending Publication
2022, 16 months after the frst administrative removal order.
Three days after the Board denied relief, Riley petitioned
the Fourth Circuit for review.
On its own motion, the Fourth Circuit dismissed Riley's
appeal for lack of jurisdiction. The court recognized that an
order "denying CAT relief is reviewable `as part of the re-
view of a fnal order of removal.' " Riley v. Garland, 2024
WL 1826979, *2 (Apr. 26, 2024) (per curiam) ). By statute, noncit-
izens must fle their "petition[s] for review" of such fnal re-
moval orders "not later than 30 days," 8 U. S. C. (1),
a deadline the Fourth Circuit believed to be " `jurisdictional
and... not subject to equitable tolling,' " 2024 WL 1826979,
*1. The court concluded this 30-day window began to run
on the date the original order of removal issued in January
2021, regardless of whether the associated CAT proceedings
had concluded. By that logic, Riley would have been re-
quired to fle his appeal of both the January 2021 fnal order
of removal and the Board's May 2022 order denying CAT
286 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

relief in February of 2021. Because he did not, the Fourth
Circuit dismissed the appeal. Ibid.

II
Should Riley have appealed the Board's order denying de-
ferral of removal before the Board issued it? The answer
ought to be easy. Yet the majority today renders the stat-
ute incoherent, holding that Riley should have appealed the
order one year and three months before the Board entered it.
According to the majority, "statutory text and our prior
precedents" require this absurd result. Ante, at 272. Our
Nation's immigration laws may be complex, but the irrational
scheme the Court endorses today is a product entirely of its
own creation. Statutory text and precedent overwhelm-
ingly confrm what common sense tells us: Riley's appeal
was timely.
A
Page
AlthoughProof Pending
the majority purports to bePublication
bound by the stat-
ute, its cursory analysis elides all but one of the relevant
provisions. Ante, at 267. Background on the statutory
scheme is accordingly necessary to understanding why the
question in this case arises.
Early versions of the Immigration and Nationality Act
granted the courts of appeals exclusive jurisdiction to review
"all fnal orders of deportation," Act of Sept. 26, 1961, 75 Stat. 651, an undefned term this Court interpreted to
include "order[s] denying suspension of deportation," Foti v.
INS, (1963). Under that framework, a
noncitizen who received an order denying relief from re-
moval (such as the Board's order denying Riley's CAT claim)
could have appealed it as a standalone order of deportation,
regardless of whether a prior order had resolved the issue
of removability. Cf. Cheng Fan Kwok v. INS, (1968) (allowing separate petitions for review of "denials
of discretionary relief " following an initial removal order).
 Cite as: (2025) 287

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

A number of amendments intended to streamline the
immigration laws changed that analysis. See Kolov v.
Garland, 78 F. 4th 911, 922 -- 924 (CA6 2023) (Murphy, J.,
concurring) (describing these developments). Specifcally,
Congress " `consolidate[d] judicial review of immigra-
tion proceedings into one action in the court of appeals.' "
Guerrero-Lasprilla v. Barr, (2020) (quot-
ing INS v. St. Cyr, (2001)). It did so by
enacting the so-called zipper clause, ibid., which channels ju-
dicial review of all claims "arising from any action taken or
proceeding brought to remove an alien from the United
States" into a single appeal: the appeal of a "fnal order [of
removal]," 8 U. S. C. (9); see also (1). The
zipper clause does not change the substance of what nonciti-
zens may appeal. Monsalvo Velázquez v. Bondi, and (2025). Rather, it ensures that "a nonciti-
zen's various challenges arising from the removal proceed-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing" are " `consolidated in a petition for review and consid-
ered by the courts of appeals.' " Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at
580.
"Importantly," the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restruc-
turing Act of 1998 expressly "provides for judicial review of
CAT claims." Id., at 580. Thus, noncitizens (including
those whose opportunities for judicial review are otherwise
limited on account of criminal convictions) can obtain judicial
review of orders denying CAT relief. Id., at 580 -- 581. Be-
cause such challenges "aris[e]" out of the removal proceed-
ings, however, the zipper clause applies to them.
(9). And the zipper clause would not achieve its
goal, of "[c]onsolidat[ing]" the relevant appeals, ibid., if non-
citizens had to appeal each issue separately. That is why, as
the Act directs, "a petition for review fled with an appro-
priate court of appeals in accordance with" the statute gov-
erning fnal orders of removal "shall be the sole and exclusive
means for judicial review of any cause or claim under the
288 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

[CAT]." (4). A petition for review under, in
turn, "must be fled not later than 30 days after the date of
the fnal order of removal." (1).
All this explains why, though Riley seeks to appeal the
denial of CAT relief and not the fnding that he is removable,
the appellate deadline in his case nonetheless depends on
identifying the "order of removal" and determining when it
became "fnal." Ibid.
An "order of removal" is the same as an " `order of depor-
tation.' " Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at 579, 584. Along with the
other 1990s amendments, Congress enacted a statutory
defnition of that term, defning it as the order "conclud-
ing that the alien is deportable or ordering deportation."
(47)(A). Subsequently, this Court held that a CAT
order "is not itself a fnal order of removal" as defned in the
statute. Id., at 582. In light of that holding, the majority
correctly identifes the relevant "order of removal" as the
January 2021 administrative order holding Riley removable.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The only question, then, is when that order became fnal
for purposes of the 30-day appeal window.
B
Riley's order of removal did not became fnal, for purposes
of appeal, until the Board issued its order denying CAT
relief. Congress expressly provided for judicial review
of "any cause or claim" under CAT. (4). Self-
evidently, such review "cannot take place until the [Board]
has denied... relief." Ante, at 271. Meanwhile, Congress
directed that CAT orders must be appealed alongside the
underlying order of removal. The only way to adhere to
both instructions is to hold that removal orders do not be-
come fnal until withholding-only proceedings are complete.
Centuries of precedent on fnality confrm that conclusion.
1
Immigration laws defne fnality, but only with respect to
orders of removal subject to direct Board review. Congress
 Cite as: (2025) 289

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

provided that orders of removal "shall become fnal upon the
earlier of... (i) a determination by the Board of Immigration
Appeals affrming such order; or (ii) the expiration of
the period in which the alien is permitted to seek review of
such order by the Board of Immigration Appeals. "
(47)(B). Sensibly, then, the statute ties fnality to
the close of the relevant agency proceedings.
In the mine run of cases, an immigration judge hears
claims about removability together with claims about protec-
tion from or deferral of removal (such as CAT claims) in a
single proceeding, which ends in a consolidated appeal to the
Board. The fnality provision makes clear that, in those
cases, the underlying removal order becomes fnal once the
Board has concluded its review.
Expedited removal orders like the one issued in Riley's
case, however, are not subject to Board review at all.. Rather, a noncitizen subject to expedited removal
Page Proof Pending Publication
can appeal only a withholding claim to the Board, and not
the removal order itself. By its plain terms, the statute's
fnality provision does not apply to such removal orders.
That is because, in such cases, there will never be "a determi-
nation by the Board" affrming the removal order, nor is
there any "period in which the alien is permitted to seek
review" of it. (47)(B). Thus, the statutory defni-
tion alone does not resolve this case.
The majority claims the statutory defnition renders the
order of removal fnal immediately upon its issuance. That
is so, the majority says, because when a removal order is not
appealable, "the period to seek review [of it] `expir[es]' as
soon as the [order] is issued." Ante, at 267. In other
words, the majority treats a nonexistent appeals period as if
it were merely an infnitesimally short period, one so short
as to "expir[e]" instantaneously.
That makes no sense. "Expiration," after all, means the
"conclusion [or] termination of a limited time." See Web-
ster's New Twentieth Century Dictionary 645 (2d ed. 1979);
290 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

Black's Law Dictionary 579 (6th ed. 1990) ("Cessation; termi-
nation from mere lapse of time, as the expiration date of a
lease, insurance policy, statute, and the like"); Black's Law
Dictionary 722 (12th ed. 2024) ("The ending of a fxed period
of time"). A period of time cannot "expire" if it never be-
gins in the frst place. For example, a statute fning those
who apply for a driver's license after "the expiration of the
period" for which they hold the license plainly would not
apply to a frst-time applicant. As to that applicant, there
is no "period" (much less a limited or fxed one) that could
"expir[e]." 8 U. S. C. (47)(B)(ii). So too here.
The majority gives no argument for reaching the opposite
conclusion. It stands alone, moreover, in asserting that a
"straightforward reading of the statutory text" resolves this
case. Ante, at 267. Even the courts of appeals that have
attempted to defend the majority's position admit that "[t]he
defnition of fnality in (47)(B) does not squarely
apply" to expedited orders of removal because noncitizens
Page Proof Pending Publication
"may not appeal [those] decision[s] to the BIA (or even to an
immigration judge)." Bhaktibhai-Patel v. Garland, 32 F.
4th 180, 192 (CA2 2022); Martinez v. Garland, 86 F. 4th 561,
568 (CA4 2023) ("An alien cannot appeal an immigration off-
cer's reinstatement decision to the Board, so at frst blush
this defnition appears inapposite").

2
Absent an unambiguous answer in the statute's defnition
of fnality, the Court should turn to tools of statutory con-
struction: the " `ordinary or natural' meaning" of the term
"fnal," Leocal v. Ashcroft, (2004), " ` "the legal
tradition and meaning of centuries of practice" ' " associated
with fnality, Lackey v. Stinnie, (2025), and
the relevant provisions' " `place in the overall statutory
scheme,' " West Virginia v. EPA, (2022).
Beginning with the ordinary meaning of "fnal," this Court
has previously recognized that term "clearly denotes some
 Cite as: (2025) 291

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

kind of terminal event." Smith v. Berryhill, (2019). Thus, an order becomes "final" when it
" `leav[es] nothing to be looked for or expected,' " when it
" `leav[es] no further chance for action, discussion, or
change.' " Ibid., and and Webster's New World College Dic-
tionary 542 (5th ed. 2016)).
Of course, an order can be terminal in one sense and not
another. Consider a conviction. Once a jury delivers, and
the court enters, a guilty verdict, nothing remains "to be
looked for or expected" from that court with respect to the
conviction. In that sense, a conviction is as fnal as its gets.
Nevertheless, "appellate review" is prohibited "until convic-
tion and imposition of sentence." Flanagan v. United
States, (1984). So for purposes of appeal,
a conviction remains nonfnal until sentencing is complete as
well. Yet another rule of fnality applies to the availability
Page Proof Pending Publication
of collateral review. See Jimenez v. Quarterman, (2009) (noting that, under 28 U. S. C. (1)(A),
a state-court conviction is not fnal for purposes of federal
collateral review until the end of direct review or of the time
for seeking such review).
This multiplicity of fnality rules makes clear that it is not
enough to muse about fnality in the abstract. Rather, the
Court must focus on the specifc sense of fnality relevant
here, which (all agree) is fnality for purposes of appeal. Be-
cause " `[f]inality as a condition of review is an historic char-
acteristic of federal appellate procedure,' " Flanagan, 465
U. S., at 263, centuries of precedent and practice inform
that analysis.
As a general matter, an order is fnal for purposes of ap-
peal "when the district court disassociates itself from the
case, leaving nothing to be done at the court of frst instance
save execution of the judgment." Clay v. United States, (2003). That understanding of fnality serves
one central purpose: preventing piecemeal litigation. As
292 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

this Court put it long ago, "[f]rom the very foundation of our
judicial system," rules of fnality have ensured that "the
whole case and every matter in controversy in it" is "decided
in a single appeal." McLish v. Roff, -- 666
(1891). That is why this Court's fnality jurisprudence is
grounded "not in merely technical conceptions of `fnality,' "
but rather in the policy "against piecemeal litigation." Cat-
lin v. United States, -- 234 (1945).
The reason for that focus is simple: The only way to ensure
that orders are appealed together is to have them become
fnal together as well. Otherwise, an expiring deadline on
an earlier order (say, a conviction) would force individuals to
appeal that order before the remaining issues in the case
(say, a criminal sentence) have been resolved. So when two
orders must be consolidated into the same appeal, it follows
inescapably that they become final together, as well.
Whether a ruling is fnal for purposes of appeal therefore
Page Proof Pending Publication
depends principally on whether that ruling can, consistent
with the policy against piecemeal review, be appealed inde-
pendently. See Gillespie v. United States Steel Corp., -- 153 (1964) (collecting cases).
An example illustrates the point. Sometimes, a dispute
over an award of attorney's fees follows the conclusion of
litigation on the merits. At present, "[t]here is no question
that awards of attorney's fees may be appealed separately as
fnal orders after a fnal determination of liability on the mer-
its." García-Goyco v. Law Environmental Consultants,
Inc., 428 F. 3d 14, 18 (CA1 2005). Thus, for example, when
a party loses a civil case at trial, it may appeal the jury
verdict before the fee litigation has concluded. See Sprague
v. Ticonic Nat. Bank, -- 169 (1939). Be-
cause separate appeals are permitted, the fnality of the mer-
its judgment does not depend on the status of the attorney's
fees dispute.
Suppose, now, that Congress passed a law providing that
an appeal from fnal judgment "shall be the sole and exclu-
 Cite as: (2025) 293

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

sive means for judicial review of " an order awarding attor-
ney's fees. Cf. 8 U. S. C. (4). That law should have
the effect of overruling the courts' present assessment that
such orders are best appealed separately. Courts would un-
doubtedly recognize that merits judgments could no longer
become fnal while fee litigation remained pending, because
a statute now directs otherwise. The perceived need for
separate appealability was, after all, the basis for the prior
fnality rule. Keeping the old fnality rule in place in the
face of the hypothetical statute, moreover, would force liti-
gants to choose between appealing the merits judgment on
time, thus forgoing their appeal of any eventual fee award,
or fling their only appeal late. No court would adopt such
a scheme.
Yet that is precisely what the Court does today with re-
spect to appeals from CAT orders. Recall that withholding-
only decisions (which now include CAT orders) once were
independently appealable as orders of deportation. See
Page Proof Pending Publication
supra, at 286. Congress then enacted (4), which
says that "a petition for review" under the section governing
fnal orders of removal "shall be the sole and exclusive means
for judicial review of any cause or claim under the [CAT]."
In other words, Congress directed that appeals from orders
of removal and CAT orders be " `consolidated in a [single]
petition for review.' " Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at 580. That
should only mean one thing. Because a statute ties appeals
of the CAT order to appeals of the removal order, their fnal-
ity should be tied together, too. Accordingly, the order of
removal in this case should become fnal, for purposes of ap-
peal, only after the Board issued its order denying CAT
relief.
3
That the majority nonetheless adopts the opposite posi-
tion, contrary to every one of this Court's fnality precedents,
might suggest there is reason to doubt that CAT orders are
appealable at all. Yet statutory text and this Court's prece-
294 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

dent are crystal clear on this point: Congress provided for
judicial review of CAT claims.
Section 1252(a)(4) provides that "a petition for review"
under that section "shall be the sole and exclusive means for
judicial review of any cause or claim under the [CAT]." No
"exclusive means" for review would be possible if review
were unavailable. That is why this Court held in Nasrallah
that "a noncitizen may obtain judicial review of... CAT
orders," 590 U. S., at 583, even as the dissent complained that
the Court wrongly "view[ed] (4) as a specifc grant
of jurisdiction over CAT claims." Id., at 591 (Thomas, J.,
dissenting).
Perhaps the idea is that noncitizens may seek judicial re-
view of their CAT claims only if, by luck or happenstance,
they also have a challenge to the underlying order of re-
moval. The majority's fnality rule, however, prevents CAT
appeals even under those circumstances. After all, courts
Page Proof Pending Publication
will likely fnish reviewing the removal order before the
Board ever hears the associated CAT claim. Section
1252(a)(4) also does not direct courts to limit review of CAT
claims in this way; it simply requires that review of the two
kinds of orders be consolidated. Nor would this reading
make any sense. Consider its effect on the attorney's fees
hypothetical, where that reading would mean litigants could
appeal a fee award only if, by luck or happenstance, they
also had a meritorious challenge to the unrelated merits
judgment.
Importantly, this Court rejected a nearly identical argu-
ment about just months ago. In Monsalvo Velázquez,
the Government argued that noncitizens seeking judicial re-
view of questions arising out of their orders of removal could
do so only by challenging their removability. 604 U. S., at
721 -- 722; see also id., at 760 (Barrett, J., dissenting) ("[J]u-
dicial review is available under (1) only if there is
a challenge to a `fnal order of removal' "). This Court
held that, "[i]nstead, authorizes courts to review `fnal
 Cite as: (2025) 295

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

order[s] of removal' and address `questions of law... arising
from' them." Id., at 722 (1), (b)(9); em-
phasis added). Nasrallah, the zipper clause, and (4)
each make clear that questions about one's eligibility for CAT
relief are questions "arising from" the order of removal.
Thus, " authorizes courts to review" such questions.
604 U. S., at 722.
Under the " `well-settled' and `strong presumption' " favor-
ing judicial review, "when a statutory provision `is reason-
ably susceptible to divergent interpretation, we adopt the
reading that accords with traditional understandings and
basic principles: that executive determinations generally are
subject to judicial review.' " Guerrero-Lasprilla, 589 U. S.,
at 229. "The presumption can only be overcome by `clear
and convincing evidence' of congressional intent to preclude
judicial review." Ibid.; see also Bowen v. Michigan Acad-
emy of Family Physicians, (1986) (" `[J]u-
Page Proof Pending Publication
dicial review of a fnal agency action by an aggrieved person
will not be cut off unless there is persuasive reason to believe
that such was the purpose of Congress' " )). It is
hard to imagine any plausible reading of (4) on
which it cuts off judicial review of CAT claims (either com-
pletely or in the arbitrary sense rejected in Monsalvo Veláz-
quez), much less a " `clear and convincing' " one. Guerrero-
Lasprilla, 589 U. S., at 229; see also Parrish v. United
States, (2025) (reiterating this Court's con-
sistent holdings "that `decisions on the merits' ought not be
`avoided on the basis of... mere technicalities' " )).
The majority, perhaps aware of precedent's constrains,
does not dispute any of this. It acknowledges, as it must,
that CAT claims are reviewable. Ante, at 271 -- 272. Yet
once the majority accepts that premise, it is left with no way
to justify its construction of the judicial-review provision as
requiring petitions for review to be fled well before the rele-
296 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

vant CAT orders are issued. If judicial review is available,
then it must be available after the relevant order is issued
and not before. And if review is available after the relevant
orders issue, then there is no conceivable reason to require
applicants to fle their petitions beforehand.

III
A
Besides its halfhearted attempt to invoke the inapplicable
statutory defnition, the majority offers a single thought
about the dispositive issue of fnality. The original order, it
says, "was... the Executive's fnal determination on the
question of removal," so it "constituted `the fnal order of
removal' in this case." Ante, at 267. The implication is
that, because this order was a "fnal determination," ibid.,
it became fnal the moment it was issued.
This argument confates two different questions: when the
Page Proof Pending Publication
agency made its fnal decision on the question of removabil-
ity, and when the "order of removal" became fnal for appel-
late purposes. This Court explained just months ago that
"a fnding of `removability' " is only "one term in a fnal order
of removal." Monsalvo Velázquez, 604 U. S., at 722. That
the agency's removability fnding is fnal therefore does not
mean that the order containing it is fnal for purposes of
appeal.
The majority's skewed reasoning betrays a fundamental
misunderstanding of the fnal-judgment principle. Every in-
terlocutory order fnally determines the limited question it
decides, but of course that does not mean every order be-
comes instantly fnal for purposes of appeal. When a dis-
trict court declines to certify an expert witness, that is its
fnal word on the matter, yet the order remains nonfnal for
purposes of appeal until the entire case has been litigated
to judgment. When a district court disqualifes a litigant's
counsel, that order is the court's "fnal determination on the
question" of disqualifcation, ante, at 267; counsel could not
 Cite as: (2025) 297

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

show up to trial again the next day. Yet the order remains
nonfnal for purposes of appeal until the underlying case is
over. See Richardson-Merrell Inc. v. Koller, (1985); Flanagan, 465 U. S., at 263. Few decisions,
moreover, are more fnal than a guilty verdict, yet a convic-
tion remains nonfnal for purposes of appeal until the district
court has pronounced a sentence. See supra, at 291.
In failing to recognize as much, the majority breaks with
basic principles of fnality and appellate review, holding
(seemingly for the frst time) that two orders that statutorily
must be appealed together nonetheless do not become fnal
together. Inexplicably, the majority admits that "review of
removability and withholding of removal should occur in a
single appellate proceeding," and that "review of the denial
of CAT relief cannot take place until the [Board] has denied
such relief." Ante, at 271. Yet it refuses to accept the inev-
itable conclusion: If the orders must be reviewed "in a single
Page Proof Pending Publication
appellate proceeding," ibid., then they become fnal for pur-
poses of appeal together as well. The result: Noncitizens
facing expedited removal will be forced to fle immediate ap-
peals of their removal orders in every case, simply to protect
their right to judicial review in the event they lose their on-
going withholding-only proceedings.
Across a wide variety of statutory contexts, courts have
recognized that protective appeals are "procedural hoops"
that "serve no function." West Penn Power Co. v. EPA, 860
F. 2d 581, 585, 586 (CA3 1988) (explaining, in Clean Air Act
case, the need "to avoid a de facto requirement of protective
appeals"); Outland v. CAB, 284 F. 2d 224, 227 -- 228 (CADC
1960) (declining to read the Administrative Procedure Act to
require protective appeals while reconsideration is pending);
Newark, New Castle and Seaford, Del. v. FERC, 763 F. 2d
533, 544 -- 545 (CA3 1985) (same, in Federal Power Act case);
Rosler v. Derwinski, 1 Vet. App. 241, 245 -- 246 (1991) (ex-
plaining, in Veterans' Judicial Review Act case, that reading
protective appeal requirement into statute "would... pose
298 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

a substantial administrative problem" and cause "many"
claimants to "lose their right to judicial review"). Protec-
tive appeal requirements "set a trap for the unwary, who, if
they are not intimately familiar with the intricacies of the
fnality doctrine, may inadvertently lose their right to judi-
cial review." West Penn Power Co., 860 F. 2d, at 585.
For that reason, too, this Court has rejected statutory
readings that would result in similar protective-appeal re-
quirements, even in the face of seemingly contrary textual
commands. Consider of the Administrative Procedure
Act, which provides: "Except as otherwise expressly re-
quired by statute, agency action otherwise fnal is fnal for
purposes of this section whether or not there has been pre-
sented or determined an application... for any form of re-
consideration." 5 U. S. C.. Taken literally, "[t]his
would seem to mean that the pendency of reconsideration
motions does not render [agency] orders nonfnal for pur-
Page Proof Pending Publication
poses of triggering the Hobbs Act limitations period." ICC
v. Locomotive Engineers, (1987). Yet
"[t]hat language has long been construed by this and other
courts merely to relieve parties from the requirement of pe-
titioning for rehearing before seeking judicial review... but
not to prevent petitions for reconsideration that are actually
fled from rendering the orders under reconsideration nonf-
nal." Id., at 284 -- 285; see also American Farm Lines v.
Black Ball Freight Service, (1970). By
contrast, in Stone v. INS, (1995), we held that
motions to reopen orders of removal did not render nonfnal
the underlying removal order, precisely because petitioners
"[c]ould fle a separate petition to review that second fnal
[reconsideration] order." Id., at 395.
More recently, this Court has twice refused to read a
protective-appeal requirement into. In Santos-
Zacaria v. Garland, (2023), the Government
advanced a reading of that section that would "food the
Board with reconsideration motions that noncitizens other-
 Cite as: (2025) 299

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

wise would not fle" and "food the courts with pointless pre-
mature petitions," fled simply to preserve the right to
review. Id., at 429. This Court declined to "render the
statutory scheme incoherent" in that way. Id., at 428. And
earlier this year, the Government argued that, under the zip-
per clause, noncitizens could challenge the terms of their
removal order only if they "press[ed] a challenge to [the]
fnding of `removability.' " Monsalvo Velázquez, 604 U. S.,
at 722. This Court rejected that argument, too, noting it
would have put noncitizens to the choice of "either adorn-
[ing] their judicial petitions with a pointless challenge...
or forfeit[ing] the right to review altogether." Ibid. Mere
months later the Court seems to have forgotten all these
lessons.
B
The Court overlooks Santos-Zacaria, Monsalvo Veláz-
quez, and the wealth of precedent on fnality, claiming in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
stead that two other cases are "instructive" and require a
different outcome here. Ante, at 268. Neither case sup-
ports the majority's conclusion.
First, the majority points to Nasrallah's holding that "a
CAT order is not a fnal order of removal," does not disturb
or affect the validity of a fnal order of removal, and does not
merge into such an order. Ante, at 268. The majority does
not explain, however, why this holding supports its conclu-
sion. An order need not " `affect the validity' " of a decision
(or merge into it) to impact its fnality for purposes of appeal.
Ibid. As noted, a sentence does not affect the validity of a
conviction (and the two do not "merge"), yet a conviction
cannot be fnal for purposes of appeal until the sentence is
fnal as well. Notably, Nasrallah itself compared the rela-
tionship between removal and CAT orders to that between
a criminal conviction and sentence. 590 U. S., at 583. Nas-
rallah is therefore hardly dispositive here.
In any event, it should be clear by now that the majority's
discussion of Nasrallah misses the point. Whether CAT or-
300 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

ders disturb or affect the substance of removal orders would
certainly be relevant if the Court conducted its fnality anal-
ysis without guidance from Congress, as it did in the case of
fee awards. See Trustees v. Greenough, 
(1882) (fee orders are "so far independent" of the merits "as
to make the decision substantially a fnal decree for the pur-
poses of an appeal"). But here, Congress dictated that the
two orders must be consolidated for purposes of appeal. 8
U. S. C. (4). The Court is required to respect that
decision and move on.
The majority next points to Johnson v. Guzman Chavez,
(2021), as supporting its conclusion. Ante, at
269. That case concerned the 90-day removal period follow-
ing an order of removal, during which the Government is
required to detain noncitizens. See (2). The point
of such detention is to provide the Government with a rea-
sonable period of time to "secure [the noncitizen's] removal."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Zadvydas v. Davis, (2001). The removal
period does not begin, Congress has specifed, until the re-
moval order is "administratively fnal." (1)(B)(i).
The question was whether ongoing withholding-only pro-
ceedings prevented a removal order from being administra-
tively fnal for purposes of the mandatory detention period.
This Court held that the administrative fnality of an order
of removal "does not depend in any way on the outcome of
the withholding-only proceedings." Guzman Chavez, 594
U. S., at 539. Thus, the detention period begins after the
agency has fnalized its removability fnding, not after fur-
ther proceedings over the specifc country of removal have
concluded. Id., at 534 -- 535. Yet whether an order is "ad-
ministratively fnal" for purposes of detention and whether
it is "fnal" for purposes of appeal are two entirely different
questions. "Finality is variously defned; like many legal
terms, its precise meaning depends on context." Clay, 537
U. S., at 527. That is why this Court recognized in Guzman
 Cite as: (2025) 301

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

Chavez that "uses different language than and
relates to judicial review of removal orders rather than de-
tention." 594 U. S., at 535,. The Court thus "ex-
press[ed] no view on" the question of fnality for purposes of
appeal. Ibid.
Nor is it at all surprising that "administratively fnal" in
and "fnal" in should have different meanings.
"In a given statute, the same term usually has the same
meaning and different terms usually have different mean-
ings." Pulsifer v. United States, (2024).
Because the point of detention is to ensure that a noncitizen
does not fee pending his deportation, moreover, arguably all
that matters for purposes of the detention statute is that the
noncitizen is removable from the United States, not whether
he is removable to any particular country. Guzman Chavez,
594 U. S., at 536, 539. There is "no reason to import the
understanding of fnality that applies" to detention into the
Page Proof Pending Publication
separate "feld" of appellate review. Waetzig v. Halliburton
Energy Services, Inc., (2025) (majority
opinion of Alito, J.) (discussing the different "role[s]" of f-
nality across contexts). Indeed, precisely the same two
senses of fnality apply to criminal convictions. A conviction
becomes fnal for purposes of presentencing detention once
the jury has delivered its verdict. 18 U. S. C.. Yet
it does not become fnal for purposes of appeal until the dis-
trict court has imposed a sentence.
The majority claims to "appreciate th[e] difference" be-
tween the two sorts of fnality. Ante, at 271. But, the ma-
jority explains, "the meaning of fnality" is not "necessarily"
different, even when Congress uses different words to serve
different purposes. Ibid. That truism hardly helps. The
majority gives up shortly afterward, simply asserting by
ipse dixit that the differences do not matter here. In light
of 8 U. S. C. (4) and our fnality precedents, they
clearly should.
302 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

IV
Today's holding deals untold damage to basic principles of
fnality and judicial review. Time will tell whether the
Court will extend its illogic beyond politically disfavored
noncitizens. Cf. McLaughlin Chiropractic Associates, Inc.
v. McKesson Corp., (2025) (recognizing
"unfairness... potentially ris[ing] to the level of a constitu-
tional due process problem," of rule that would require regu-
lated businesses to seek judicial review before the applicabil-
ity of an agency order to them was "reasonably foreseeable").
As it stands, the chaos the majority causes to our system
of immigration appeals is considerable. The effects on non-
citizens subject to expedited removal proceedings should by
now be clear enough. The majority suggests a number of
workarounds for that chaos, including by allowing protective
appeals and notice about the need to fle such appeals long
before CAT proceedings have concluded. See ante, at 271 -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
272. To be clear, the Government is obligated by the Fifth
Amendment's Due Process Clause to provide noncitizens
with adequate notice about the need for an immediate appeal
to preserve the right to judicial review of CAT claims. See
A. A. R. P. v. Trump, (2025) (per curiam)
(" `[T]he Fifth Amendment entitles aliens to due process of
law in the context of removal proceedings' " (per curiam); altera-
tion in original)). That guarantee includes "notice that is
`reasonably calculated, under all the circumstances,' " to
enable " `interested parties' " to "pursue appropriate relief."
A. A. R. P., 605 U. S., at 94 -- 95 ). So
too, courts of appeals should not arbitrarily decline to hold
in abeyance any premature appeals of yet-to-be-decided
withholding claims. See ante, at 271 -- 272.
In addition, the courts of appeals should consider applying
standard principles of equitable tolling, which are likely
available now that the Court has recognized that
 Cite as: (2025) 303

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

(1)'s appeal deadline is not jurisdictional. See ante,
at 272 -- 277.
Today's decision may have consequences beyond expedited
removal proceedings, too. Recall that, in the typical case,
an immigration judge decides all questions related to both
removal and withholding in the same proceeding. See
supra, at 289. The Board of Immigration Appeals then re-
views all aspects of the immigration judge's decision. As
things stand today, the noncitizen may petition for review of
the Board's decision once agency review has completed. See
ibid.; (47)(B). Yet what if the Board affrms "an im-
migration judge's removability fnding but remand[s] for fur-
ther consideration of withholding claims"? Kolov, 78 F. 4th,
at 927 (Murphy, J., concurring). Would the majority hold as
well that such fndings become fnal before the remand is
concluded, requiring noncitizens to fle premature protective
appeals whenever a CAT claim is remanded? As with so
Page Proof Pending Publication
much else, the majority does not say. To avoid further
chaos, the Board would be well counseled to remand cases in
their entirety.
Finally, lest one think today's decision will at least allow
the Government to conduct its immigration policies more
cheaply or effciently, even that is not the case. It is not by
accident that the Government, across the past and present
administration, stands frmly with Riley here, even as it
rarely fails to press colorable jurisdictional objections. See
D iamond Alternative Energy, LLC v. EPA, (2025). As the Government knows, "[a] whole train
of unnecessary consequences" follows from requiring nonciti-
zens to appeal in every expedited removal case, simply to
protect their eventual right to appeal future withholding-
only decisions. Outland, 284 F. 2d, at 228. In each of these
unnecessary appeals, "the Board and other parties may be
called upon to respond and oppose the motion for review;
when the Board acts, the petition for review must be
amended to bring the petition up to date," or dismissed if
304 RILEY v. BONDI

Sotomayor, J., dissenting in part

the Board grants the noncitizen's CAT claim. Ibid. All the
while, courts must manage countless cases that otherwise
might never have been opened. The Government recog-
nizes all these consequences. Brief for Respondent 36 -- 38.
This Court is blind to them. Today's decision is the rare
holding that benefts no one.
* * *
Not long ago, this Court described delays in regulatory
approvals of construction projects as " `borde[ring] on the
Kafkaesque.' " Seven County Infrastructure Coalition v.
Eagle County, (2025). In holding that
Riley was required to fle his appeal 16 months before the
order he sought to challenge existed, the Court surely moves
from the border well into the heartland of illogic and absur-
dity. Respectfully, I dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 266, line 8: "Argueta-Herandez" is changed to "Argueta-Hernandez"
p. 272, line 18: "the" is inserted before "Government"
p. 290, line 24: "the" is changed to "this"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 2
Pages 522 -- 655

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 27, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
522 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

MAHMOUD et al. v. TAYLOR et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fourth circuit
No. 24 -- 297. Argued April 22, 2025 -- Decided June 27, 2025
During the 2022 -- 2023 school year, the Montgomery County Board of Edu-
cation (Board) introduced a variety of "LGBTQ+-inclusive" texts into
the public school curriculum. Those texts included fve "LGBTQ+-
inclusive" storybooks approved for students in kindergarten through
ffth grade, which have story lines focused on sexuality and gender.
When parents in Montgomery County sought to have their children ex-
cused from instruction involving those books, the Board initially com-
promised with the parents by notifying them when the "LGBTQ+-
inclusive" storybooks would be taught and permitting their children to
be excused from the instruction. That compromise was consistent with
the Board's "Guidelines for Respecting Religious Diversity," which pro-
fessed a commitment to making "reasonable accommodations" for the
religious "beliefs and practices" of students. Less than a year after the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Board introduced the books, however, it rescinded the parental opt out
policy. Among other things, the Board said that it "could not accom-
modate the growing number of opt out requests without causing sig-
nifcant disruptions to the classroom environment." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 607a.
The petitioners here are a group of individual parents and an unincor-
porated association of other interested parties. The individual parents
come from diverse religious backgrounds and hold sincere views on sex-
uality and gender which they wish to pass on to their children. Faced
with the Board's decision to rescind opt outs, petitioners fled a lawsuit
in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland.
Among other things, they asserted that the Board's no-opt-out policy
infringed on parents' right to the free exercise of their religion. See
Kennedy v. Bremerton School Dist.,. They relied
heavily on Wisconsin v. Yoder, in which the Court recog-
nized that parents have a right "to direct the religious upbringing of
their children" and that this right can be infringed by laws that pose "a
very real threat of undermining" the religious beliefs and practices that
parents wish to instill in their children. Id., at 218, 233. Petitioners
sought a preliminary and permanent injunction "prohibiting the School
Board from forcing [their] children and other students -- over the objec-
tion of their parents -- to read, listen to, or discuss" the storybooks.
 Cite as: (2025) 523

Syllabus

App. to Pet. for Cert. 206a. The District Court denied relief, and a
divided panel of the Fourth Circuit affrmed.
Held: Parents challenging the Board's introduction of the "LGBTQ+-inclu-
sive" storybooks, along with its decision to withhold opt outs, are enti-
tled to a preliminary injunction. Pp. 545 -- 570.
(a) The parents assert that the Board's introduction of the "LGBTQ+-
inclusive" storybooks -- combined with its decision to withhold notice
and opt outs -- unconstitutionally burdens their religious exercise. At
this stage, the parents seek a preliminary injunction that would permit
them to have their children excused from instruction related to the sto-
rybooks while this lawsuit proceeds. To obtain that form of prelimi-
nary relief, the parents must show that: they are likely to succeed on
the merits; they are likely to suffer irreparable harm in the absence of
preliminary relief; the balance of equities tips in their favor; and an
injunction would be in the public interest. Winter v. Natural Re-
sources Defense Council, Inc.,. The parents have made
such a showing. Pp. 545 -- 546.
(b) The parents are likely to succeed on their claim that the Board's
policies unconstitutionally burden their religious exercise. The Court
has "long recognized the rights of parents to direct `the religious
Page Proof Pending Publication
upbringing' of their children." Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Rev-
enue,. Those
rights are violated by government policies that "substantially inter-
fer[e] with the religious development" of children. Id., at 218.
Pp. 546 -- 555.
(1) For many people of faith, there are few religious acts more im-
portant than the religious education of their children. See Our Lady
of Guadalupe School v. Morrissey-Berru,. And the
practice of educating one's children in one's religious beliefs, like all
religious acts and practices, receives a generous measure of constitu-
tional protection. The Constitution protects, for example, a parent's
decision to send his or her child to a private religious school instead of
a public school. Pierce v. Society of Sisters, -- 535.
And the Court has recognized limits on the government's ability to in-
terfere with a student's religious upbringing in a public school setting.
In West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, for example, the
Court held that a policy requiring public school students to salute the
fag could not be enforced against Jehovah's Witnesses -- who consider
the fag a "graven image" -- consistent with the First Amendment.
Barnette involved an egregious kind of direct coercion: a requirement
that students make an affrmation contrary to their parents' religious
beliefs. In Yoder, the Court held that the Free Exercise Clause also
524 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Syllabus

protects against policies that impose more subtle forms of interference
with the religious upbringing of children. There, the Court considered
a compulsory-education law that would place Amish children into "an
environment hostile to Amish beliefs," where they would face "pressure
to conform" to contrary viewpoints and lifestyles. 406 U. S., at 211.
The Court concluded that such a law "substantially interfer[ed] with the
religious development of the Amish child" and therefore "carrie[d] with
it precisely the kind of objective danger to the free exercise of religion
that the First Amendment was designed to prevent." Id., at 218.
Pp. 546 -- 550.
(2) The Board's introduction of the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" story-
books, combined with its decision to withhold notice to parents and to
forbid opt outs, substantially interferes with the religious development
of petitioners' children and imposes the kind of burden on religious exer-
cise that Yoder found unacceptable. The books are unmistakably nor-
mative. They are designed to present certain values and beliefs as
things to be celebrated, and certain contrary values and beliefs as things
to be rejected.
Take, for example, the message sent by the books concerning same-
sex marriage. Many Americans "advocate with utmost, sincere convic-
tion that, by divine precepts, same-sex marriage should not be con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
doned." Obergefell v. Hodges,. That group includes
each of the parents in this case. The storybooks, however, are designed
to present the opposite viewpoint to young, impressionable children who
are likely to accept without question any moral messages conveyed by
their teacher's instruction. The storybooks present same-sex weddings
as occasions for great celebration and suggest that the only rubric for
determining whether a marriage is acceptable is whether the individuals
concerned "love each other."
The storybooks similarly convey a normative message on the subjects
of sex and gender. Many Americans, like the parents in this case, be-
lieve that biological sex refects divine creation, that sex and gender are
inseparable, and that children should be encouraged to accept their sex
and to live accordingly. The storybooks, however, suggest that it is
hurtful, and perhaps even hateful, to hold the view that gender is inex-
tricably bound with biological sex.
Like the compulsory high school education considered in Yoder, these
books impose upon children a set of values and beliefs that are "hostile"
to their parents' religious beliefs. 406 U. S., at 211. And the books
exert upon children a psychological "pressure to conform" to their spe-
cifc viewpoints. Ibid. The books therefore present the same kind of
"objective danger to the free exercise of religion" that the Court identi-
fed in Yoder. Id., at 218. Pp. 550 -- 555.
 Cite as: (2025) 525

Syllabus

(c) None of the counterarguments raised by the Board, the courts
below, or the Board's amici give this Court any reason to doubt the
existence of a burden on religious exercise here. Pp. 555 -- 563.
(1) The Court does not accept the Board's characterizations of the
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" instruction as mere "exposure to objectionable
ideas" or as lessons in "mutual respect." The storybooks unmistakably
convey a particular viewpoint about same-sex marriage and gender.
And the Board has specifcally encouraged teachers to reinforce this
viewpoint and to reprimand any children who disagree. That goes be-
yond mere "exposure." Regardless, the question in cases of this kind
is whether the educational requirement or curriculum at issue would
"substantially interfer[e] with the religious development" of the child,
or pose "a very real threat of undermining" the religious beliefs and
practices the parent wishes to instill in the child. Yoder, 406 U. S., at
218. Whether or not a requirement or curriculum could be character-
ized as "exposure" is not the touchstone for determining whether that
line is crossed. Pp. 555 -- 556.
(2) The Board's reliance on the Court's decisions in Bowen v. Roy, and Lyng v. Northwest Indian Cemetery Protective Assn., is likewise unpersuasive. In those cases, the Court held
that "[t]he Free Exercise Clause simply cannot be understood to require
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Government to conduct its own internal affairs in ways that comport
with the religious beliefs of particular citizens," Bowen, 476 U. S., at
699, even when the conduct of such internal affairs might result in "inci-
dental interference with an individual's spiritual activities," Lyng, 485
U. S., at 450. That principle has no application here. The govern-
ment's operation of public schools is not a matter of "internal affairs"
akin to the administration of Social Security or the selection of "fling
cabinets." Bowen, 476 U. S., at 700. It implicates direct, coercive in-
teractions between the State and its young residents. Pp. 556 -- 557.
(3) The courts below erred by dismissing this Court's decision in
Yoder. The Court has never confned Yoder to its facts, and there is no
reason to conclude that the decision is "sui generis" or "tailored to [its]
specifc evidence," as the courts below reasoned. While the Court
noted in Yoder that the Amish made a showing "that probably few other
religious groups or sects could make," that language must be read in
the context of the specifc claims raised by the Amish respondents, i. e.,
the right to withdraw their children from all conventional schooling
after a certain age. 406 U. S., at 235 -- 236. Contrary to the suggestions
of the courts below, Yoder embodies a robust principle of general appli-
cability. Pp. 557 -- 559.
(4) The Fourth Circuit's view that the record in this case is too
"threadbare" to demonstrate a burden on religious exercise is also un-
526 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Syllabus

convincing. 102 F. 4th 191, 209. That court faulted the parents for
failing to make specifc allegations describing how the books "are actu-
ally being used in classrooms." Id., at 213. But when a deprivation of
First Amendment rights is at stake, a plaintiff need not wait for the
damage to occur before fling suit. Susan B. Anthony List v. Driehaus,. To evaluate the plaintiffs' claims, the Court need
only decide whether -- if teachers act according to the clear and undis-
puted instructions of the Board -- a burden on religious exercise will
occur. Pp. 559 -- 560.
(5) It is no answer that parents remain free to place their children
in private school or to educate them at home. Public education is a
public beneft, and the government cannot "condition" its "availability"
on parents' willingness to accept a burden on their religious exercise.
Trinity Lutheran Church of Columbia, Inc. v. Comer,. Moreover, given that education is compulsory in Maryland, the
parents are not being asked simply to forgo a public beneft. They have
an obligation -- enforceable by fne or imprisonment -- to send their chil-
dren to public school unless they fnd an adequate substitute they can
afford. Md. Educ. Code Ann. -- 301(a)(3), (e).
Nor is it of any comfort to suggest that parents can educate their
children at home after school. The parents in Barnette and Yoder were
Page Proof Pending Publication
similarly capable of teaching their religious values "at home," but that
made no difference in the First Amendment analysis in those cases. It
is similarly unconvincing to suggest that the parents could have chal-
lenged the educational requirements via the democratic process. The
parents tried and failed to obtain legislative change, and had every right
to resort to judicial review to protect their rights. Pp. 560 -- 563.
(d) Having concluded that the Board's policy burdens the parents'
right to the free exercise of religion, the Court turns to the question
whether that burden is constitutionally permitted. Pp. 563 -- 569.
(1) In most circumstances, the government is generally free to
place incidental burdens on religious exercise so long as it does so pursu-
ant to a neutral policy that is generally applicable. Employment Div.,
Dept. of Human Resources of Ore. v. Smith, -- 879.
But when a law imposes a burden of the same character as that in Yoder,
as does the challenged Board policy here, strict scrutiny is appropriate
regardless of whether the law is neutral or generally applicable.
Smith, 494 U. S., at 881. Pp. 564 -- 565.
(2) To survive strict scrutiny, a government must demonstrate that
its policy "advances `interests of the highest order' and is narrowly tai-
lored to achieve those interests." Fulton v. Philadelphia,. The Board asserts that its curriculum and no-opt-out
 Cite as: (2025) 527

Syllabus

policy serve its compelling interest in maintaining a school environment
that is safe and conducive to learning for all students. As a general
matter, schools have a "compelling interest in having an undisrupted
school session conducive to the students' learning." Grayned v. City of
Rockford,. But the Board's conduct in continuing
to permit opt outs in a variety of other circumstances undermines its
assertion that its no-opt-out policy is necessary to serve that interest.
Pp. 565 -- 569.
(e) Without an injunction, the parents will continue to suffer an un-
constitutional burden on their religious exercise, and such a burden un-
questionably constitutes irreparable injury. See Roman Catholic Dio-
cese of Brooklyn v. Cuomo, (per curiam). And an
injunction here would be both equitable and in the public interest.
Thus, the petitioners have shown that they are entitled to a preliminary
injunction. Specifcally, until all appellate review in this case is com-
pleted, the Board should be ordered to notify the petitioners in advance
whenever one of the books in question or any other similar book is to
be used in any way and to allow them to have their children excused
from that instruction. P. 569.
102 F. 4th 191, reversed and remanded.

Page Proof
Alito, J., delivered Pending
the opinion Publication
of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Thomas, Gorsuch, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ., joined.
Thomas, J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 581. Sotomayor, J., fled
a dissenting opinion, in which Kagan and Jackson, JJ., joined, post, p. 592.

Eric S. Baxter argued the cause for petitioners. With
him on the briefs were William J. Haun, Michael J. O'Brien,
and Colten L. Stanberry.
Principal Deputy Solicitor General Harris argued the
cause for the United States as amicus curiae urging vacatur.
With her on the brief were Acting Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral Roth, Nicholas S. Crown, Michael S. Raab, and Lowell
V. Sturgill, Jr.
Alan Schoenfeld argued the cause for respondents. With
him on the brief were Emily Barnet, Bruce M. Berman,
Joseph M. Meyer, and Jeremy W. Brinster.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the State of West
Virginia et al. by John B. McCuskey, Attorney General of West Virginia,
and Michael R. Williams, Solicitor General, by Jason Miyares, Attorney
528 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

Justice Alito delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Board of Education of Montgomery County, Maryland
(Board), has introduced a variety of "LGBTQ+-inclusive" sto-

General of Virginia, Erika L. Maley, Solicitor General, Kevin M. Gal-
lagher, Principal Deputy Solicitor General, and Meredith Baker, Assistant
Solicitor General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective States
as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Treg Taylor of Alaska, Tim Griffn
of Arkansas, James Uthmeier of Florida, Christopher M. Carr of Georgia,
Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana, Brenna Bird
of Iowa, Kris Kobach of Kansas, Russell Coleman of Kentucky, Liz Mur-
rill of Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Andrew Bailey of Missouri,
Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Drew Wrig-
ley of North Dakota, Dave Yost of Ohio, Gentner F. Drummond of Okla-
homa, David W. Sunday, Jr., of Pennsylvania, Alan Wilson of South Caro-
lina, Marty J. Jackley of South Dakota, Ken Paxton of Texas, Derek E.
Brown of Utah, and Bridget Hill of Wyoming; for Advancing American
Freedom et al. by J. Marc Wheat; for the America First Legal Foundation
by Christopher Mills; for the American Center for Law and Justice by
Jay Alan Sekulow, Jordan A. Sekulow, Stuart J. Roth, and Walter M.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Weber; for Americans for Prosperity Foundation by Cynthia Fleming
Crawford and Casey Mattox; for America's Frontline Doctors et al. by
David A. Dalia; for the Center for American Liberty by Dale Schoweng-
erdt and Josh Dixon; for the Christian Legal Society et al. by Eric W.
Treene, Roman P. Storzer, Steven T. McFarland, and Laura Nammo; for
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints et al. by R. Shawn Gun-
narson, Christopher A. Bates, Donald N. Lundwall, Gene C. Schaerr, and
Hannah C. Smith; for the Defense of Freedom Institute for Policy Studies
et al. by Donald A. Daugherty, Jr.; for the Ethics and Public Policy Center
by Eric N. Kniffn; for the Independence Law Center by Randall L.
Wenger, Janice L. Martino-Gottshall, and Jeremy L. Samek; for Law Pro-
fessors by Natalie C. Rhoads; for the Legal Insurrection Foundation by
Eric Hudson; for the Liberty Counsel by Mathew D. Staver, Anita L.
Staver, and Horatio G. Mihet; for the Manhattan Institute et al. by Ilya
Shapiro; for the Maryland Family Institute et al. by Helen M. Alvaré; for
Muslim Parents et al. by Steven T. Collis and John Greil; for National
Religious Broadcasters et al. by William Wagner and Michael P. Farris;
for the NC Values Institute et al. by Deborah J. Dewart, Tami Fitzgerald,
and John W. Whitehead; for Our Duty-USA et al. by Mary E. McAlister
and Vernadette R. Broyles; for Parent Nicholas Brown et al. by Frederick
W. Claybrook, Jr., Steven W. Fitschen, and James A. Davids; for Parents
Defending Education by J. Michael Connolly and James F. Hasson; for
 Cite as: (2025) 529

Opinion of the Court

rybooks into the elementary school curriculum. These
books -- and associated educational instructions provided to
teachers -- are designed to "disrupt" children's thinking
about sexuality and gender. The Board has told parents

Protect Our Kids (California) et al. by Thomas L. Brejcha; for the Suther-
land Institute by William C. Duncan; for Thirty-fve Maryland Legisla-
tors by Edward M. Wenger; for the Women's Liberation Front by Elspeth
B. Cypher; for Tammy Fournier by John J. Bursch, James A. Campbell,
Katherine L. Anderson, and Vincent M. Wagner; for Douglas Laycock
et al. by Christopher Mills; for Nathan Lewin, pro se; for S. Ernie Walton
et al. by Christopher T. Holinger; and for 66 Members of Congress by
Erik S. Jaffe. William J. Olson, Jeremiah L. Morgan, J. Mark Brewer,
and Michael Boos fled a brief for America's Future et al. as amici curiae
urging vacatur.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Maryland et al. by Anthony G. Brown, Attorney General of Maryland,
Julia Doyle, Solicitor General, and Joshua M. Segal, Principal Deputy
Solicitor General, by Andrea Joy Campbell, Attorney General of Massa-
chusetts, David C. Kravitz, State Solicitor, Anna Lumelsky, Deputy State
Page Proof Pending Publication
Solicitor, and Adam Cambier, Assistant Attorney General, and by the At-
torneys General for their respective jurisdictions as follows: Rob Bonta of
California, Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, William Tong of Connecticut,
Kathleen Jennings of Delaware, Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Co-
lumbia, Anne E. Lopez of Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M. Frey
of Maine, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Aaron D.
Ford of Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Letitia James of New
York, Dan Rayfeld of Oregon, Peter F. Neronha of Rhode Island, Charity
R. Clark of Vermont, and Nicholas W. Brown of Washington; for Ameri-
can Atheists, Inc., et al. by Geoffrey T. Blackwell; for the American Civil
Liberties Union et al. by Daniel Mach, Heather L. Weaver, Deborah Jeon,
Sonia Kumar, Cecillia D. Wang, and Louise Melling; for the American
Psychological Association et al. by Jessica Ring Amunson and Deanne M.
Ottaviano; for the Authors Guild, Inc., et al. by Marc A. Fuller and Mag-
gie I. Burreson; for the Coalition for Responsible Home Education by Jo-
seph J. Poppen and Geoffrey M. Pipoly; for Constitutional Scholars by
Joshua Matz, Martin Totaro, and Richard B. Katskee, pro se; for the Free-
dom From Religion Foundation by Samuel T. Grover; for GLBTQ Legal
Advocates and Defenders et al. by Mary L. Bonauto, Gary D. Buseck,
and Hannah Hussey; for Interfaith Alliance by James C. Dugan and Mia
Guizzetti Hayes; for the Leadership Conference Education Fund et al. by
Karen L. Loewy and Jeffrey M. Gutkin; for Lebo Pride et al. by Susan
530 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

that it will not give them notice when the books are going
to be used and that their children's attendance during those
periods is mandatory. A group of parents from diverse reli-
gious backgrounds sued to enjoin those policies. They as-
sert that the new curriculum, combined with the Board's
decision to deny opt outs, impermissibly burdens their reli-
gious exercise.
Today, we hold that the parents have shown that they are
entitled to a preliminary injunction. A government burdens
the religious exercise of parents when it requires them to
submit their children to instruction that poses "a very real
threat of undermining" the religious beliefs and practices
that the parents wish to instill. Wisconsin v. Yoder, (1972). And a government cannot condition
the beneft of free public education on parents' acceptance of
such instruction. Based on these principles, we conclude
that the parents are likely to succeed in their challenge to
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Board's policies.

J. Frietsche; for Montgomery County Faith Leaders by Meaghan VerGow
and Joshua Revesz; for Muslim Organizations by Z. Gabriel Arkles and
Anya Marino; for the National Education Association et al. by Alice
O'Brien, Jason Walta, Robert Kim, and Jessica Levin; for the PEN Amer-
ican Center, Inc., by Linda Steinman, Alexandra Perloff-Giles, and Ryan
Hicks; for Religious and Civil-Rights Organizations by Alex J. Lu-
chenitser, Alexandra Zaretsky, and Randall T. Adams; for Scholars
for the Advancement of Children's Constitutional Rights et al. by Cather-
ine E. Smith and Travis F. Chance; for Justin Driver et al. by Amanda
Flug Davidoff and H. Rodgin Cohen; and for Robert D. Kamenshine,
pro se.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for AASA, The School Superintend-
ents Association, et al. by John A. Freedman and Steven L. Mayer; for
California Parents for the Equalization of Educational Materials by Glenn
Katon; for the Foundation for Moral Law by Roy S. Moore and Jeffrey
Tuomala; for Jaco Booyens Ministries et al. by Frank J. Wright; for the
Lonang Institute by Kerry Lee Morgan and Randall A. Pentiuk; for Me-
lissa Moschella, Ph.D., by Robert P. George and William C. Porth; and for
Lawrence G. Sager et al. by Rachel G. Miller-Ziegler.
 Cite as: (2025) 531

Opinion of the Court

I
A
1
With just over one million residents, Montgomery County
is Maryland's most populous county. According to a recent
survey, it is also the "most religiously diverse county" in the
Nation.1 In addition to hosting a diverse mix of Christian
denominations, the county ranks in the top fve in the Nation
in per-capita population of Jews, Muslims, Hindus, and Bud-
dhists.2 The county's religious diversity is accompanied by
strong cultural diversity as well. The county is home to sev-
eral notable ethnic communities. For example, the Ethio-
pian community in Silver Spring is one of the largest in the
country.3 And according to one survey, "[o]nly 56.8% of
county residents speak English at home." N. 1, this page.
Most Montgomery County residents with school age chil-
Page Proof Pending Publication
dren, by choice or necessity, send them to public school. As
a general matter, Maryland law requires that resident chil-
dren ages 5 to 18 "attend a public school regularly during
the entire school year." Md. Educ. Code Ann. -- 301(a -- 
1)(1) (2025). As an exception to this general rule, the State
permits parents to send their children to private school or to
educate them at home if certain requirements can be met.
-- 301(a)(3). Parents who cause their children to be absent
1
See A. Hertzler-McCain, Montgomery County, Maryland, Was Most
Religiously Diverse US County in 2023, Religion News Service (Aug. 30,
2024), https://religionnews.com/2024/08/30/montgomery-county-maryland-
was-most-religiously-diverse-u-s-county-in-2023/.
2
Public Religion Research Institute, 2023 PRRI Census of American
Religion: County-Level Data on Religious Identity and Diversity 19, 28,
42 -- 49 (Aug. 29, 2024).
3
See, e. g., R. Skirble, Silver Spring Is the Epicenter of a Thriving Ethi-
opian Diaspora, Montgomery Magazine (Oct. 19, 2022), https://www.
montgomerymag.com/silver-spring-is-the-epicenter-of-a-thriving-
ethiopian-diaspora/.
532 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

unlawfully from school can face fnes, mandatory community
service, and even imprisonment. -- 301(e).
Public education in Montgomery County is provided by
Montgomery County Public Schools (MCPS), one of the
largest school districts in the Nation. In the 2022 -- 2023
school year, MCPS enrolled 160,554 students in its 210
schools and had an operating budget of nearly $3 billion.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 597a -- 598a; MCPS, FY2024 Operating
Budget, p. vi -- 1 (2023). The district is overseen and man-
aged by the Montgomery County Board of Education, a poli-
cymaking body consisting of seven elected county residents
and one student. See Md. Educ. Code Ann. -- 901(b).
In recognition of the county's religious diversity, the
Board's "Guidelines for Respecting Religious Diversity" pro-
fess a commitment to making "reasonable accommodations"
for the religious "beliefs and practices" of MCPS students.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 210a, 212a.4 These accommodations
take various forms. For example, according to one MCPS
Page Proof Pending Publication
offcial, the Board "advises principals that schools should
avoid scheduling tests or other major events on dozens of...
`days of commemoration,' during which MCPS expects that
many students may be absent... or engaged in religious or
cultural observances." Id., at 602a.
This case, however, arises from the Board's abject refusal
to heed widespread and impassioned pleas for accommoda-
tion. In the years leading up to 2022, the Board apparently
"determined that the books used in its existing [English &
Language Arts] curriculum were not representative of many
students and families in Montgomery County because they

4
The Board has modifed its religious diversity guidelines since the
2022 -- 2023 school year, when many of the events in this lawsuit took place.
The most recent version of the Board's guidelines, available online, contin-
ues to state that "MCPS is committed to making reasonable accommoda-
tions" for the religious "beliefs and practices" of its students. MCPS,
Religious Diversity Guidelines in Montgomery County Public Schools 1
(2024 -- 2025).
 Cite as: (2025) 533

Opinion of the Court

did not include LGBTQ characters." Id., at 603a. The
Board therefore decided to introduce into the curriculum
what it described as " `LGBTQ+-inclusive texts.' " 5 Id., at
174a. As one email sent by MCPS principals refects, the
Board selected the books according to a "Critical Selection
Repertoire" that required selectors to review potential texts
and ask questions such as: "Is heteronormativity reinforced
or disrupted?"; "Is cisnormativity reinforced or disrupted?";
and "Are power hierarchies that uphold the dominant culture
reinforced or disrupted?" Id., at 622a.
In accordance with this "[r]epertoire" and other criteria,
the Board eventually selected 13 "LGBTQ+-inclusive" texts
for use in the English and Language Arts curriculum from
pre-K through 12th grade. Id., at 603a -- 604a, 622a. At
issue in this lawsuit are the fve "LGBTQ+-inclusive" story-
books that are approved for students in Kindergarten
through ffth grade -- in other words, for children who are
generally between 5 and 11 years old.6
Page Proof Pending Publication
A few short descriptions will serve to illustrate the gen-
eral tenor of the storybooks. Intersection Allies tells the
stories of several children from different backgrounds, in-
cluding Kate, who is apparently a transgender child. One
page shows Kate in a sex-neutral or sex-ambiguous bath-
room, and Kate proclaims: "My friends defend my choices
and place. A bathroom, like all rooms, should be a safe

5
Some sources in the record use different variations of "LGBTQ+-
inclusive" when referring to the books at issue in this case (e. g., "LGBTQ-
Inclusive"). App. to Pet. for Cert. 603a. For consistency, we use
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" throughout the opinion, except in instances where
the designation appears in the middle of other quoted language, in which
case we retain the formulation that appears in the source.
6
This lawsuit initially concerned seven books: one approved for pre-K
and Head Start students, and six approved for grades K through 5. How-
ever, the one book approved for pre-K students was removed from the
curriculum due to content concerns, and one of the books approved for
grades K through 5 was removed for similar reasons. Brief for Petition-
ers 11, ; Brief for Respondents 6,.
534 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

space." Id., at 323a. Intersection Allies includes a "Page-
By-Page Book Discussion Guide" that asserts: "When we are
born, our gender is often decided for us based on our sex....
But at any point in our lives, we can choose to identify with
one gender, multiple genders, or neither gender." Id., at
349a -- 350a. The discussion guide explains that "Kate pre-
fers the pronouns they/their/them" and asks "What pro-
nouns ft you best?" Id., at 350a (boldface in original).
Prince & Knight tells the story of a coming-of-age prince
whose parents wish to match him with "a kind and worthy
bride." Id., at 397a. After meeting with "many ladies,"
the prince tells his parents that he is " `looking for something
different in a partner by [his] side.' " Id., at 398a, 400a.
Later in the book, the prince falls into the "embrace" of a
knight after the two fnish battling a fearsome dragon. Id.,
at 415a. After the knight takes off his helmet, the prince
and knight "gaz[e] into each other's eyes, [and] their hearts
Page Proof Pending Publication
beg[in] to race." Id., at 418a -- 419a. The whole kingdom
later applauds "on the two men's wedding day." Id., at 424a.
Love Violet follows a young girl named Violet who has a
crush on her female classmate, Mira. Mira makes Violet's
"heart skip" and "thunde[r] like a hundred galloping horses."
Id., at 431a, 436a. Although Violet is initially too afraid to
interact with Mira, the two end up exchanging gifts on Val-
entine's Day. Afterwards, the two girls are seen holding
hands and "galloping over snowy drifts to see what they
might fnd. Together." Id., at 446a.
Born Ready: The True Story of a Boy Named Penelope
tells the story of Penelope, a child who is initially treated as
a girl. The story is told from the perspective of Penelope,
who at one point says "If they'd all stop and listen, I'd tell
them about me. Inside I'm a boy." Id., at 454a. When Pe-
nelope's mother later assures her that " `If you feel like a boy,
that's okay,' " Penelope responds: " `No, Mama, I don't feel
like a boy. I AM a boy.' " Id., at 458a. Penelope tells her
mother:
 Cite as: (2025) 535

Opinion of the Court

" `I love you, Mama, but I don't want to be you. I want
to be Papa. I don't want tomorrow to come because
tomorrow I'll look like you. Please help me, Mama.
Help me be a boy.' " Id., at 459a.
Penelope's mother then agrees that she is a boy, and Penel-
ope says: "For the frst time, my insides don't feel like fre.
They feel like warm, golden love." Id., at 462a. Later,
after the family starts treating Penelope as a boy, Penelope's
brother complains that " `You can't become a boy. You have
to be born one.' " Id., at 465a. This comment draws a re-
buke from Penelope's mother: " `Not everything needs to
make sense. This is about love.' " Ibid.
Finally, Uncle Bobby's Wedding tells the story of a young
girl named Chloe who is informed that her favorite uncle,
Bobby, will be getting married to his boyfriend, Jamie.
When Bobby and Jamie announce their engagement, every-
one is jubilant "except... Chloe." Id., at 287a. Chloe says
Page Proof Pending Publication
that she does not " `understand' " why her uncle is getting
married, but her mother responds by explaining: " `When
grown-up people love each other that much, sometimes they
get married.' " Id., at 288a.
The Board suggested "that teachers incorporate the new
texts into the curriculum in the same way that other books
are used, namely, to put them on a shelf for students to fnd
on their own; to recommend a book to a student who would
enjoy it; to offer the books as an option for literature circles,
book clubs, or paired reading groups; or to use them as a
read aloud." Id., at 604a -- 605a. And "[a]s with all curricu-
lum resources," the Board voiced its "expectation that teach-
ers use the LGBTQ-Inclusive Books as part of instruction."
Id., at 605a. An MCPS offcial has made clear that "[t]each-
ers cannot... elect not to use the LGBTQ-Inclusive Books
at all." Ibid.
The Board also contemplated that instruction involving
the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks would include classroom
discussion. See id., at 642a (Board's lawyer: "there will be
536 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

discussion that ensues. In fact, I think everyone would
hope that discussion ensues"). In anticipation of such dis-
cussion, the Board hosted a "professional development work-
shop" in the summer of 2022, where it provided teachers with
a guidance document suggesting how they might respond to
student inquiries regarding the themes presented in the
books. Id., at 273a -- 276a, 604a, 628a -- 635a. For example, if
a student asserts that two men cannot get married, the guid-
ance document encouraged teachers to respond by saying:
"When people are adults they can get married. Two men
who love each other can decide they want to get married."
Id., at 628a. If a student claims that a character "can't be a
boy if he was born a girl," teachers were encouraged to re-
spond: "That comment is hurtful." Id., at 630a. And if a
student asks "[w]hat's transgender?", it was recommended
that teachers explain: "When we're born, people make a
guess about our gender and label us `boy' or `girl' based on
Page Proof Pending Publication
our body parts. Sometimes they're right and sometimes
they're wrong." Ibid. The guidance document encouraged
teachers to "[d]isrupt the either/or thinking" of their stu-
dents. Id., at 629a, 633a.
At the same workshop, the Board also provided teachers
with a guidance document that suggested particular re-
sponses to inquiries by parents. For example, if a parent
were to ask whether the school was attempting to teach a
child to "reject" the values taught at home, teachers were
encouraged to respond that "[t]eaching about LGBTQ+ is not
about making students think a certain way; it is to show that
there is no one `right' or `normal' way to be." Id., at 638a.
The guidance also urged teachers to assure parents that
there would not be "explicit instruction" about gender and
sexual identity, but that "there may be a need to defne
words that are new and unfamiliar to students," and that
"questions and conversations might organically happen."
Id., at 640a. If parents were not comforted by that informa-
 Cite as: (2025) 537

Opinion of the Court

tion, teachers could tell them that "[p]arents always have the
choice to keep their student(s) home while using these texts;
however, it will not be an excused absence." Ibid.

2
The Board offcially launched the "LGBTQ+-inclusive"
texts into MCPS schools in the 2022 -- 2023 school year.
Shortly thereafter, parents "began contacting individual
teachers, principals, or MCPS staff" about the storybooks
and asking that their children be excused from classroom
instruction related to them. Id., at 606a. Some parents
showed up at the Board's public business meetings to ex-
press their concerns about the storybooks' content. In an
early 2023 meeting, for example, one parent represented her-
self as "a voice for parents in [her] community, many of
[whom] are actually working today and unable to attend."
See MCPS, Jan. 12, 2023, Business Meeting, at 27:15 -- 27:20,
Page Proof Pending Publication
https://mcpsmd.new.swagit.com/videos/196679. She said
that MCPS parents were "frustrated" because, in their view,
"educators and administrators are going behind what [par-
ents] are teaching their kids at home, and pushing ideas of
gender ideology on their kids." Id., at 27:21 -- 27:30. The
parent felt that the Board was "implying to [children] that
their religion, their belief system, and their family tradition
is actually wrong." Id., at 28:25 -- 28:30.
At the same Board meeting, one Board member responded
by saying that "some of the testimony today was disturbing
to me personally. Transgender, LGBTQ individuals are not
an ideology, they are a reality.... [T]here are religions out
there that teach that women should only achieve certain sub-
servient roles in life, and MCPS would never think of not
having a book in a classroom that showed a woman" in a
professional role. Id., at 38:35 -- 39:00. The Board's student
member agreed with the sentiment and proclaimed that "ig-
norance and hate does exist within our community, but
538 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

please know that every student -- each of our 160,000 stu-
dents in our large county -- has a place in the school system."
Id., at 40:25 -- 40:36.
Initially, the Board compromised with objecting parents
by notifying them when the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks
would be taught and permitting their children to be excused
from instruction involving the books. That policy was con-
sistent with the Board's general "Guidelines for Respecting
Religious Diversity," which at the time provided that
"[w]hen possible, schools should try to make reasonable and
feasible adjustments to the instructional program to accom-
modate requests from students, or requests from parents/
guardians on behalf of their students, to be excused from
specifc classroom discussions or activities that they believe
would impose a substantial burden on their religious beliefs."
App. to Pet. for Cert. 220a -- 221a.
This compromise, however, did not last long. In March
Page Proof Pending Publication
2023, less than a year after the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" texts
were introduced, the Board issued a statement declaring that
"[s]tudents and families may not choose to opt out of engag-
ing" with the storybooks and that "teachers will not send
home letters to inform families when inclusive books are
read in the future." Id., at 657a. According to one MCPS
offcial, the Board decided to change its policy because,
among other things, "individual principals and teachers
could not accommodate the growing number of opt out re-
quests without causing signifcant disruptions to the class-
room environment." Id., at 607a. The offcial also stated
that permitting some students to exit the classroom while
the storybooks were being taught would expose other stu-
dents "to social stigma and isolation." Id., at 608a. It was
therefore announced that any existing accommodations
would expire at the end of the 2022 -- 2023 school year.
Shortly after the Board rescinded parental opt outs, more
than 1,000 parents signed a petition asking the Board to re-
store opt out rights. See Brief for Petitioners 14. And
 Cite as: (2025) 539

Opinion of the Court

hundreds of displeased parents, including many Muslim and
Ethiopian Orthodox parents, appeared at the Board's public
meetings and implored the Board to allow opt outs. Id., at
14 -- 15. At a May 2023 meeting, one community member testi-
fed that "thousands" of parents felt "deeply dismayed and
betrayed" by the rescission of opt outs from "content that
confict[s] with their sincerely held religious beliefs."
MCPS, May 25, 2023, Business Meeting, at 35:33 -- 35:44,
https://mcpsmd.new.swagit.com/videos/232766. At the same
meeting, an MCPS student testifed and asked the Board "to
allow students like me to opt out of content and books that
contain sensitive and mature topics that go against my reli-
gious beliefs." Id., at 40:47 -- 40:56.
The Board was unmoved. After the testimony, several
Board members and another MCPS offcial spoke up to "clar-
ify" that the storybooks would not be used for explicit in-
struction on sexuality and gender, but rather as part of the
"literacy curriculum." Id., at 1:11:14 -- 1:16:22. According to
Page Proof Pending Publication
a later news article, one Board member recalled that "she
felt `kind of sorry' " for the student who testifed in favor of
opt outs, "and wondered to what extent she may have been
`parroting dogma' learned from her parents." 7 The Board
member also expressed her view that " `[i]f [parents] want
their child to receive an education that strictly adheres to
their religious dogma, they can send their kid to a private
religious school.' " N. 7, this page. The Board member
went on to suggest that the objecting parents were compara-
ble to " `white supremacists' " who want to prevent their chil-
dren from learning about civil rights and " `xenophobes' "
who object to " `stories about immigrant families.' " Ibid.

7
E. Espey, Parents, Students, Doctors React to MCPS Lawsuit Target-
ing LGBTQ+ Storybooks, Bethesda Magazine (June 2, 2023), https://
bethesdamagazine.com/2023/06/02/parents-students-doctors-react-to-
mcps-lawsuit-targeting-lgbtq-storybooks; see also Mahmoud v. McKnight,
688 F. Supp. 3d 265, 285 (Md. 2023) (recounting the Board member's
statements).
540 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

The Board continues to permit children to opt out of other
school activities, including the "family life and human sexual-
ity" unit of instruction, for which opt outs are required under
Maryland law. Code of Md. Regs., tit. 13A,.18.01(D)
(2)(e)(i) (2025); see App. to Pet. for Cert. 657a. And al-
though the Board has amended its "Guidelines for Respect-
ing Religious Diversity" to narrow the circumstances in
which opt outs are permissible, those guidelines still allow
opt outs from "noncurricular activities, such as classroom
parties or free-time events that involve materials or prac-
tices in confict with a family's religious, and/or other, prac-
tices." Id., at 672a.
B
1
At the time when this lawsuit was fled, petitioners Tamer
Mahmoud and Enas Barakat had three children enrolled in
MCPS, including one who was still in elementary school.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Mahmoud and Barakat are Muslims who believe "that man-
kind has been divinely created as male and female" and "that
`gender' cannot be unwoven from biological `sex' -- to the ex-
tent the two are even distinct -- without rejecting the dignity
and direction God bestowed on humanity from the start."
Id., at 165a -- 166a. Mahmoud and Barakat believe that it
would be "immoral" to expose their "young, impressionable,
elementary-aged son" to a curriculum that "undermine[s] Is-
lamic teaching." Id., at 532a. And, in their view, "[t]he sto-
rybooks at issue in this lawsuit... directly undermine [their]
efforts to raise" their son in the Islamic faith "because they
encourage young children to question their sexuality and
gender... and to dismiss parental and religious guidance on
these issues." Ibid.
After the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks were intro-
duced, Mahmoud and Barakat asked to have their son ex-
cused from the classroom when Prince & Knight was read.
Their son's principal initially permitted the boy to sit outside
 Cite as: (2025) 541

Opinion of the Court

the classroom during that time. But, soon after, the Board
announced that opt outs would no longer be available. Mah-
moud and Barakat then felt "religiously compelled to send
their son to private school at signifcant fnancial sacrifce."
Brief for Petitioners 16.
Petitioners Jeff and Svitlana Roman also had a son en-
rolled in an MCPS elementary school when this lawsuit was
fled. Jeff Roman is Catholic, and Svitlana Roman is Ukrai-
nian Orthodox. They believe that "sexuality is expressed
only in marriage between a man and a woman for creating
life and strengthening the marital union." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 166a. The Romans further believe "that gender and
biological sex are intertwined and inseparable" and that "the
young need to be helped to accept their own body as it was
created." Id., at 537a.
The Romans understand that their son "loves his teachers
and implicitly trusts them," and so they fear that allowing
Page Proof Pending Publication
those teachers to "teach principles about sexuality or gender
identity that confict with [their] religious beliefs" would
"signifcantly interfer[e] with [their] ability to form [their
son's] religious faith and religious outlook on life." Id., at
541a.
After the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks were intro-
duced, the Romans asked the principal of their son's elemen-
tary school to notify them when the books were being read
and to excuse their son from that instruction. The Romans
were initially told that it was their "right" to ask that their
son not be present when the books are read, id., at 496a,
but they were later informed that notice and opt outs
would no longer be provided. Thus, the Romans, like Mah-
moud and Barakat, were "religiously compelled to send their
son to private school, at signifcant expense." Brief for Peti-
tioners 18.
Petitioners Chris and Melissa Persak have two
elementary-age daughters who attend public school in Mont-
gomery County. The Persaks are Catholics who believe
542 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

"that all humans are created as male or female, and that a
person's biological sex is a gift bestowed by God that is both
unchanging and integral to that person's being." App. to
Pet. for Cert. 543a. The Persaks believe "that children -- 
particularly those in elementary school -- are highly impres-
sionable to ideological instruction presented in children's
books or by schoolteachers." Id., at 544a. They are con-
cerned that the Board's "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks "are
being used to impose an ideological view of family life and
sexuality that characterizes any divergent beliefs as `hurt-
ful.' " Ibid. They think that such instruction will "under-
mine [their] efforts to raise [their] children in accordance
with" their religious faith. Ibid. The Persaks' daughters
were initially permitted to opt out of instruction related to
the storybooks, but they no longer have that option.
The fnal petitioner, Kids First, is an unincorporated asso-
ciation of parents and teachers that was "formed to advocate
for the return of parental notice and opt-out rights in the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Montgomery County Public Schools." Id., at 624a. One of
Kids First's board members -- Grace Morrison -- has a daugh-
ter who previously attended an MCPS elementary school.
Morrison's daughter has Down syndrome and attention def-
cit disorder. She previously required special accommoda-
tions from her public school, including a "full time, one-on-
one paraeducator." Id., at 624a -- 625a. Morrison's daughter
also received special services from the school, such as speech
and occupational therapy. Morrison and her husband are
Catholics who believe that "marriage is the lifelong union of
one man and one woman" and that gender is "interwoven"
with sex. Id., at 625a. Due to their daughter's learning
challenges, they fear that she "doesn't understand or differ-
entiate instructions from her teachers and her parents" and
that they "won't be able to contradict what she hears from
teachers." Id., at 626a.
Because of the services provided to her disabled daughter
in public school, Morrison faced enormous "pressure" to keep
her daughter enrolled. Ibid. She asked that her daughter
 Cite as: (2025) 543

Opinion of the Court

be excused from "LGBTQ+-inclusive" instruction, even after
the Board's decision to rescind opt outs. She was told, how-
ever, that opt outs would not be possible. As a result,
the Morrisons felt "religiously compelled" to remove their
daughter from public school. Brief for Petitioners 19.
They anticipate that it will cost at least $25,000 per year to
replace the academic and other services that their daughter
formerly received from the public school system.

2
Faced with the Board's decision to rescind opt outs, peti-
tioners fled this lawsuit in the United States District Court
for the District of Maryland. Among other things, they as-
serted that the Board's no-opt-out policy infringed their
right to the free exercise of their religion. See Kennedy
v. Bremerton School Dist., (2022). They
sought a preliminary and permanent injunction "prohibiting
Page Proof Pending Publication
the School Board from forcing [their] children and other
students -- over the objection of their parents -- to read,
listen to, or discuss" the storybooks. App. to Pet. for Cert.
206a.
In support of their request, the parents relied heavily on
this Court's decision in Wisconsin v. Yoder,.
That case concerned Amish parents who wished to withdraw
their children from conventional schooling after the eighth
grade, in direct contravention of a Wisconsin law requiring
children to attend school until the age of 16. In Yoder, we
recognized that parents have a right "to direct the religious
upbringing of their children," and that this right can be in-
fringed by laws that pose "a very real threat of undermin-
ing" the religious beliefs and practices that parents wish to
instill in their children. Id., at 218, 233. Given the substan-
tial burdens that Wisconsin's compulsory-attendance law
placed on the religious practices of the Amish, we held that
it "carrie[d] with it precisely the kind of objective danger to
the free exercise of religion that the First Amendment was
designed to prevent." Id., at 218.
544 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

In the present case, the parents asserted that Yoder's prin-
ciple applies to their situation, and they therefore asked for
a preliminary injunction permitting their children to opt out
of the challenged instruction pending the completion of their
lawsuit. The District Court denied that relief. It charac-
terized the petitioners' primary argument as an objection to
school "indoctrination" and asserted that the petitioners had
not "identifed any case recognizing a free exercise violation
based on indoctrination." Mahmoud v. McKnight, 688
F. Supp. 3d 265, 295 (Md. 2023). It dismissed Yoder as "sui
generis" and "inexorably linked to the Amish community's
unique religious beliefs and practices." 688 F. Supp. 3d, at
294, 301. And although the District Court acknowledged
that the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum might result in
petitioners' being "less likely to succeed" in raising their
children in their religious faiths, id., at 300, it nonetheless
held that the curriculum was likely consistent with the Free
Page Proof Pending Publication
Exercise Clause.
A divided panel of the Fourth Circuit affrmed. The ma-
jority did not expressly endorse the District Court's view
regarding the constitutionality of "indoctrination," but it
suggested that petitioners could succeed on their free exer-
cise claim only if they could "show direct or indirect coercion
arising out of the exposure" to the storybooks. Mahmoud
v. McKnight, 102 F. 4th 191, 212 (2024). And the majority
found that the evidence in the record was insuffcient to
make that showing. The majority expressed concern that
"[t]he record does not show how the Storybooks are actually
being used in classrooms." Id., at 213. And without such
evidence, the majority held, petitioners could not obtain a
preliminary injunction because it could not simply be as-
sumed that any past lessons had or that any future lessons
would "cross the line and pressure students to change their
views or act contrary to their faith." Ibid. As for petition-
ers' reliance on Yoder, the majority quickly dismissed that
argument, describing the decision as "markedly circum-
 Cite as: (2025) 545

Opinion of the Court

scribed" and "tailored to the specifc evidence in [its] record."
102 F. 4th, at 210 -- 211.
Judge Quattlebaum dissented. He accepted the parents'
representation that "their faith compels that they teach their
children about sex, human sexuality, gender and family life."
Id., at 222. And he acknowledged their claim that "the mes-
sages from the books confict with and undermine the sin-
cerely held religious beliefs they hold and seek to convey to
their children." Ibid. Judge Quattlebaum therefore con-
cluded that the Board had "force[d] the parents to make a
choice -- either adhere to their faith or receive a free public
education for their children." Ibid. Forcing parents to
make such a choice was, in his view, a burden on their reli-
gion exercise.
After the Fourth Circuit ruled, the parents asked this
Court to review the decision, and we granted their petition
for a writ of certiorari. (2025). We now hold
that the parents have shown that they are entitled to a pre-
Page Proof Pending Publication
liminary injunction and reverse the judgment below.

II
Our Constitution proclaims that "Congress shall make no
law... prohibiting the free exercise" of religion. Amdt. 1.
That restriction applies equally to the States by way of the
Fourteenth Amendment. Cantwell v. Connecticut, (1940). And the right to free exercise, like other
First Amendment rights, is not "shed... at the schoolhouse
gate." Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Community
School Dist., -- 507 (1969). Government
schools, like all government institutions, may not place un-
constitutional burdens on religious exercise.
The parents assert that the Board's introduction of the
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks -- combined with its decision
to withhold notice and opt outs -- unconstitutionally burdens
their religious exercise. At this stage, the parents seek a
preliminary injunction that would permit them to have their
546 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

children excused from instruction related to the storybooks
while this lawsuit proceeds. To obtain that form of prelimi-
nary relief, the parents must show that they are likely to
succeed on the merits, that they are likely to suffer irrepara-
ble harm in the absence of preliminary relief, that the bal-
ance of equities tips in their favor, and that an injunction
would be in the public interest. Winter v. Natural Re-
sources Defense Council, Inc., (2008). The
parents have made that showing.

III
To begin, we hold that the parents are likely to succeed on
their claim that the Board's policies unconstitutionally bur-
den their religious exercise. "[W]e have long recognized
the rights of parents to direct `the religious upbringing' of
their children." Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Revenue,
(2020). And we have held that those rights are violated by
government policies that "substantially interfer[e] with the
religious development" of children. Id., at 218. Such inter-
ference, we have observed, "carries with it precisely the kind
of objective danger to the free exercise of religion that the
First Amendment was designed to prevent." Ibid. For
the reasons explained below, we conclude that such an "ob-
jective danger" is present here.

A
We start by describing the nature of the religious practice
at issue here and explaining why it is burdened by the
Board's policies.
1
At its heart, the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amend-
ment protects "the ability of those who hold religious beliefs
of all kinds to live out their faiths in daily life through the
performance of " religious acts. Kennedy, 597 U. S., at 524
 Cite as: (2025) 547

Opinion of the Court. And for many people of
faith across the country, there are few religious acts more
important than the religious education of their children.
See Our Lady of Guadalupe School v. Morrissey-Berru, (2020) ("Religious education is vital to many
faiths practiced in the United States"). Indeed, for many
Christians, Jews, Muslims, and others, the religious educa-
tion of children is not merely a preferred practice but rather
a religious obligation. See id., at 754 -- 756. The parent
petitioners in this case refect this reality: they all believe
they have a "sacred obligation" or "God-given responsibility"
to raise their children in a way that is consistent with their
religious beliefs and practices. App. to Pet. for Cert. 531a,
538a, 543a, 625a.
The practice of educating one's children in one's religious
beliefs, like all religious acts and practices, receives a gener-
ous measure of protection from our Constitution. "Drawing
Page Proof Pending Publication
on `enduring American tradition,' we have long recognized
the rights of parents to direct `the religious upbringing' of
their children." Espinoza, 591 U. S., at 486. And this is not merely a right
to teach religion in the confnes of one's own home. Rather,
it extends to the choices that parents wish to make for their
children outside the home. It protects, for example, a par-
ent's decision to send his or her child to a private religious
school instead of a public school. Pierce v. Society of Sis-
ters, -- 535 (1925).
Due to fnancial and other constraints, however, many par-
ents "have no choice but to send their children to a public
school." Morse v. Frederick, (2007)
(Alito, J., concurring). As a result, the right of parents "to
direct the religious upbringing of their" children would be
an empty promise if it did not follow those children into the
public school classroom. We have thus recognized limits on
the government's ability to interfere with a student's reli-
gious upbringing in a public school setting.
548 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

An early example comes from our decision in West Vir-
ginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943). In that
case, we considered a resolution adopted by the West Vir-
ginia State Board of Education that required students "to
participate in the salute honoring the Nation represented by
the Flag." Id., at 626.
If students failed to comply, they faced expulsion and could
not be readmitted until they yielded to the State's command.
Id., at 629. A group of plaintiffs sued to prevent the en-
forcement of this policy against Jehovah's Witnesses who
considered the fag to be a "graven image" and refused to
salute it. Ibid.. The
challengers asserted that the policy was, among other
things, "an unconstitutional denial of religious freedom."
Id., at 630.
We agreed that the policy could not be squared with the
First Amendment. The effect of the State's policy, we ob-
served, was to "condition access to public education on mak-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing a prescribed sign and profession and at the same time to
coerce attendance by punishing both parent and child." Id.,
at 630 -- 631. Although the policy did not clearly require stu-
dents to "forego any contrary convictions of their own and
become unwilling converts," it nonetheless required a partic-
ular "affrmation of a belief and an attitude of mind." Id.,
at 633. For a public school to require students to make such
an affrmation, in contravention of their beliefs and those of
their parents, was to go further than the First Amendment
would allow.
Barnette dealt with an especially egregious kind of direct
coercion: a requirement that students make an affrmation
contrary to their parents' religious beliefs. But that does
not mean that the protections of the First Amendment ex-
tend only to policies that compel children to depart from the
religious practices of their parents. To the contrary, in
Yoder, we held that the Free Exercise Clause protects
against policies that impose more subtle forms of interfer-
ence with the religious upbringing of children.
 Cite as: (2025) 549

Opinion of the Court

Yoder concerned a Wisconsin law that required parents to
send their children to public or private school until the age
of 16. Respondents Jonas Yoder, Wallace Miller, and Adin
Yutzy were members of Wisconsin's Amish community who
refused to send their children to public school after the com-
pletion of the eighth grade. In their view, the values taught
in high school were "in marked variance with Amish values
and the Amish way of life," and would result in an "imper-
missible exposure of their children to a `worldly' infuence in
confict with their beliefs." 406 U. S., at 211. In response,
this Court observed that formal high school education would
"plac[e] Amish children in an environment hostile to Amish
beliefs... with pressure to conform to the styles, manners,
and ways of the peer group" and that it would "tak[e] them
away from their community, physically and emotionally, dur-
ing the crucial and formative adolescent period of life."
Ibid. "In short," the Court concluded, "high school attend-
ance... interposes a serious barrier to the integration of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Amish child into the Amish religious community." Id.,
at 211 -- 212.
In Yoder, unlike in Barnette, there was no suggestion that
the compulsory-attendance law would compel Amish chil-
dren to make an affrmation that was contrary to their par-
ents' or their own religious beliefs. Nor was there a sugges-
tion that Amish children would be compelled to commit some
specifc practice forbidden by their religion. Rather, the
threat to religious exercise was premised on the fact that
high school education would "expos[e] Amish children to
worldly infuences in terms of attitudes, goals, and values
contrary to [their] beliefs" and would "substantially inter-
fer[e] with the religious development of the Amish child."
406 U. S., at 218.
That interference, the Court held, violated the parents'
free exercise rights. The compulsory-education law "car-
rie[d] with it precisely the kind of objective danger to the
free exercise of religion that the First Amendment was de-
signed to prevent" because it placed Amish children into "an
550 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

environment hostile to Amish beliefs," where they would
face "pressure to conform" to contrary viewpoints and life-
styles. Id., at 211, 218.
As our decision in Yoder refects, the question whether a
law "substantially interfer[es] with the religious develop-
ment" of a child will always be fact-intensive. Id., at 218.
It will depend on the specifc religious beliefs and practices
asserted, as well as the specifc nature of the educational
requirement or curricular feature at issue. Educational re-
quirements targeted toward very young children, for exam-
ple, may be analyzed differently from educational require-
ments for high school students. A court must also consider
the specifc context in which the instruction or materials at
issue are presented. Are they presented in a neutral man-
ner, or are they presented in a manner that is "hostile" to
religious viewpoints and designed to impose upon students
a "pressure to conform"? Id., at 211.
We now turn to the application of these principles to this
Page Proof Pending Publication
case.
2
In light of the record before us, we hold that the Board's
introduction of the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks -- com-
bined with its decision to withhold notice to parents and to
forbid opt outs -- substantially interferes with the religious
development of their children and imposes the kind of burden
on religious exercise that Yoder found unacceptable.
To understand why, start with the storybooks themselves.
Like many books targeted at young children, the books are
unmistakably normative. They are clearly designed to pres-
ent certain values and beliefs as things to be celebrated and
certain contrary values and beliefs as things to be rejected.
Take, for example, the message sent by the books concern-
ing same-sex marriage. Many Americans "advocate with
utmost, sincere conviction that, by divine precepts, same-sex
marriage should not be condoned." Obergefell v. Hodges,
(2015). That group includes each of the
 Cite as: (2025) 551

Opinion of the Court

parents in this case. App. to Pet. for Cert. 530a, 537a, 543a,
625a. The storybooks, however, are designed to present the
opposite viewpoint to young, impressionable children who
are likely to accept without question any moral messages
conveyed by their teachers' instruction.
For example, the book Prince & Knight clearly conveys
the message that same-sex marriage should be accepted by
all as a cause for celebration. The young reader is guided
to feel distressed at the prince's failure to fnd a princess,
and then to celebrate when the prince meets his male part-
ner. See id., at 397a -- 401a, 419a -- 423a. The book relates
that "on the two men's wedding day, the air flled with cheer
and laughter, for the prince and his shining knight would live
happily ever after." Id., at 424a. Those celebrating the
same-sex wedding are not just family members and close
friends, but the entire kingdom. For young children, to
whom this and the other storybooks are targeted, such cele-
Page Proof Pending Publication
bration is liable to be processed as having moral connota-
tions. If this same-sex marriage makes everyone happy and
leads to joyous celebration by all, doesn't that mean it is in
every respect a good thing? High school students may un-
derstand that widespread approval of a practice does not
necessarily mean that everyone should accept it, but very
young children are most unlikely to appreciate that fne
point.
Uncle Bobby's Wedding, the only book that the dissent is
willing to discuss in any detail, conveys the same message
more subtly. The atmosphere is jubilant after Uncle Bobby
and his boyfriend announce their engagement. Id., at 286a
("Everyone was smiling and talking and crying and laugh-
ing" ). The book's main character, Chloe,
does not share this excitement. " `I don't understand!' " she
exclaims, " `Why is Uncle Bobby getting married?' " Id., at
288a. The book is coy about the precise reason for Chloe's
question, but the question is used to tee up a direct message
to young readers: " `Bobby and Jamie love each other,' said
552 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

Mummy. `When grown-up people love each other that
much, sometimes they get married.' " Ibid. The book
therefore presents a specifc, if subtle, message about mar-
riage. It asserts that two people can get married, regard-
less of whether they are of the same or the opposite sex, so
long as they " `love each other.' " Ibid. That view is now
accepted by a great many Americans, but it is directly con-
trary to the religious principles that the parents in this case
wish to instill in their children.
It is signifcant that this book does not simply refer to
same-sex marriage as an existing practice. Instead, it pre-
sents acceptance of same-sex marriage as a perspective that
should be celebrated. The book's narrative arc reaches its
peak with the actual event of Uncle Bobby's wedding, which
is presented as a joyous event that is met with universal
approval. See id., at 300a -- 305a. And again, there are
many Americans who would view the event that way, and it
Page Proof Pending Publication
goes without saying that they have every right to do so.
But other Americans wish to present a different moral mes-
sage to their children. And their ability to present that
message is undermined when the exact opposite message is
positively reinforced in the public school classroom at a very
young age.
Next, consider the messages sent by the storybooks on the
subject of sex and gender. Many Americans, like the par-
ents in this case, believe that biological sex refects divine
creation, that sex and gender are inseparable, and that chil-
dren should be encouraged to accept their sex and to live
accordingly. Id., at 530a -- 531a, 538a -- 540a, 543a, 625a. But
the challenged storybooks encourage children to adopt a con-
trary viewpoint. Intersection Allies presents a transgender
child in a sex-ambiguous bathroom and proclaims that "[a]
bathroom, like all rooms, should be a safe space." Id., at
323a. The book also includes a discussion guide that asserts
that "at any point in our lives, we can choose to identify with
one gender, multiple genders, or neither gender" and asks
 Cite as: (2025) 553

Opinion of the Court

children "What pronouns ft you best?" Id., at 350a (bold-
face in original). The book and the accompanying discussion
guidance present as a settled matter a hotly contested view
of sex and gender that sharply conficts with the religious
beliefs that the parents wish to instill in their children.
The book Born Ready presents similar ideas in an even
less veiled manner. The book follows the story of Penelope,
an apparently biological female who asserts " `I AM a boy.' "
Id., at 458a. Not only does the story convey the message
that Penelope is a boy simply because that is what she
chooses to be, but it slyly conveys a positive message about
transgender medical procedures. Penelope says the follow-
ing to her mother:
" `I love you, Mama, but I don't want to be you. I want
to be Papa. I don't want tomorrow to come because
tomorrow I'll look like you. Please help me, Mama.
Help me be a boy.' " Id., at 459a.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Penelope's mother then agrees that Penelope is a boy, and
Penelope exclaims: "For the frst time, my insides don't feel
like fre. They feel like warm, golden love." Id., at 462a.
To young children, the moral implication of the story is that
it is seriously harmful to deny a gender transition and that
transitioning is a highly positive experience. The book goes
so far as to present a contrary view as something to be repri-
manded. When the main character's brother says " `You
can't become a boy. You have to be born one,' " his mother
corrects him by saying: " `Not everything needs to make
sense. This is about love.' " Id., at 465a (emphasis in origi-
nal). The upshot is that it is hurtful, perhaps even hateful,
to hold the view that gender is inextricably bound with bio-
logical sex.
These books carry with them "a very real threat of under-
mining" the religious beliefs that the parents wish to instill
in their children. Yoder, 406 U. S., at 218. Like the com-
pulsory high school education considered in Yoder, these
554 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

books impose upon children a set of values and beliefs that
are "hostile" to their parents' religious beliefs. Id., at 211.
And the books exert upon children a psychological "pressure
to conform" to their specifc viewpoints. Ibid. The books
therefore present the same kind of "objective danger to the
free exercise of religion" that we identifed in Yoder. Id.,
at 218.
That "objective danger" is only exacerbated by the fact
that the books will be presented to young children by author-
ity fgures in elementary school classrooms. As representa-
tives of the Board have admitted, "there is an expectation
that teachers use the LGBTQ-Inclusive Books as part of in-
struction," and "there will be discussion that ensues." App.
to Pet. for Cert. 605a, 642a.
The Board has left little mystery as to what that discus-
sion might look like. The Board provided teachers with sug-
gested responses to student questions related to the books,
Page Proof Pending Publication
and the responses make it clear that instruction related to
the storybooks will "substantially interfer[e]" with the par-
ents' ability to direct the "religious development" of their
children. Yoder, 406 U. S., at 218. In response to a child
who states that two men "can't get married," teachers are
encouraged to respond "[t]wo men who love each other can
decide they want to get married.... There are so many
different kinds of families and ways to be a family." App.
to Pet. for Cert. 628a -- 629a. If a child says "[h]e can't be a
boy if he was born a girl," the teacher is urged to respond
"[t]hat comment is hurtful." Id., at 630a. If a child asks
"What's transgender?", it is suggested that the teacher an-
swer: "When we're born, people make a guess about our gen-
der.... Sometimes they're right and sometimes they're
wrong." Ibid.
In other contexts, we have recognized the potentially coer-
cive nature of classroom instruction of this kind. "The
State exerts great authority and coercive power through"
public schools "because of the students' emulation of teachers
 Cite as: (2025) 555

Opinion of the Court

as role models and the children's susceptibility to peer pres-
sure." Edwards v. Aguillard, (1987); see
also Lee v. Weisman, (1992) ("[T]here are
heightened concerns with protecting freedom of conscience
from subtle coercive pressure in the elementary and second-
ary public schools"). Young children, like those of petition-
ers, are often "impressionable" and "implicitly trus[t]" their
teachers. App. to Pet. for Cert. 532a, 541a.8 Here, the
Board requires teachers to instruct young children using sto-
rybooks that explicitly contradict their parents' religious
views, and it encourages the teachers to correct the children
and accuse them of being "hurtful" when they express a de-
gree of religious confusion. Id., at 630a. Such instruction
"carries with it precisely the kind of objective danger to the
free exercise of religion that the First Amendment was de-
signed to prevent." Yoder, 406 U. S., at 218.

3
Page Proof Pending Publication
None of the counterarguments raised by the dissent, the
Board, the courts below, or the Board's amici give us any
reason to doubt the existence of a burden here.

a
To start, we cannot accept the Board's characterization of
the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" instruction as mere "exposure to
objectionable ideas" or as lessons in "mutual respect." Brief
for Respondents 27 -- 28; Tr. of Oral Arg. 101, 169. As we
have explained, the storybooks unmistakably convey a par-
8
The dissent tries to divert attention from the ages of the children sub-
ject to the instruction at issue here. It sees no difference between peti-
tioners' young children and the high school students in Kennedy v. Brem-
erton School Dist., (2022). See post, at 602 -- 603 (opinion of
Sotomayor, J.). And it criticizes our decision for taking the age of stu-
dents into account. Post, at 610. It goes without saying, however, that
the age of the children involved is highly relevant in any assessment of
the likely effect of instruction on the subjects in question.
556 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

ticular viewpoint about same-sex marriage and gender.
And the Board has specifcally encouraged teachers to rein-
force this viewpoint and to reprimand any children who dis-
agree. That goes far beyond mere "exposure."
We similarly disagree with the dissent's deliberately blink-
ered view that these storybooks and related instruction
merely "[e]xpos[e] students to the `message' that LGBTQ
people exist" and teach them to treat others with kindness.
See post, at 593, 622 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.). In making
this argument, the dissent ignores what anyone who reads
these books can readily see. It ignores the messages that the
authors plainly intended to convey. And, what is perhaps
most telling, it ignores the Board's stated reasons for inserting
these books into the curriculum and much of the instructions
it gave to teachers. See supra, at 532 -- 533, 535 -- 537. Only
by air-brushing the record can the dissent claim that the books
and instructions are just about exposure and kindness.
In any event, the Board and the dissent are mistaken when
Page Proof Pending Publication
they rely extensively on the concept of "exposure." The
question in cases of this kind is whether the educational re-
quirement or curriculum at issue would "substantially inter-
fer[e] with the religious development" of the child or pose "a
very real threat of undermining" the religious beliefs and
practices the parent wishes to instill in the child. Yoder,
406 U. S., at 218. Whether or not a requirement or curricu-
lum could be characterized as "exposure" is not the touch-
stone for determining whether that line is crossed.

b
We are also unpersuaded by the Board's reliance -- echoed
by the dissent -- on our decisions in Bowen v. Roy, (1986), and Lyng v. Northwest Indian Cemetery Protec-
tive Assn., (1988). See post, at 607 -- 610 (opinion
of Sotomayor, J.). In Bowen, a father mounted a free exer-
cise challenge to the Government's use of a Social Security
number associated with his daughter. 476 U. S., at 695 -- 698.
 Cite as: (2025) 557

Opinion of the Court

And in Lyng, Native Americans and other plaintiffs raised a
free exercise challenge to the construction of a paved road
on federal land. 485 U. S., at 442 -- 443. In those cases, we
held that "[t]he Free Exercise Clause simply cannot be un-
derstood to require the Government to conduct its own inter-
nal affairs in ways that comport with the religious beliefs of
particular citizens," Bowen, 476 U. S., at 699, even when the
conduct of such internal affairs might result in "incidental
interference with an individual's spiritual activities," Lyng,
485 U. S., at 450. And, we emphasized, that conclusion was
appropriate because the government actions at issue did not
"discriminate" against religion or "coerce individuals into
acting contrary to their religious beliefs." Id., at 450, 453;
see also Bowen, 476 U. S., at 703 (plurality opinion).
These cases have no application here. The government's
operation of the public schools is not a matter of "internal
affairs" akin to the administration of Social Security or the
selection of "fling cabinets." Id., at 699 -- 700 (majority opin-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ion). It implicates direct, coercive interactions between the
State and its young residents. The public school imposes
rules and standards of conduct on its students and holds a
limited power to discipline them for misconduct. See, e. g.,
Mahanoy Area School Dist. v. B. L., -- 188
(2021). If questions of public school curriculum were purely
a matter of internal affairs, one could imagine that other
First Amendment protections -- such as the right to free
speech or the right to be free from established religion -- 
would also be inapplicable in the public school context. But
our precedents plainly provide otherwise. See Tinker, 393
U. S., at 506; Weisman, 505 U. S., at 587.

c
Next, we cannot agree with the decision of the lower
courts to dismiss our holding in Yoder out of hand. Al-
though the decision turned on a close analysis of the facts in
the record, there is no reason to conclude that the decision
558 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

is "sui generis" or uniquely "tailored to [its] specifc evi-
dence," as the courts below reasoned. See 688 F. Supp. 3d,
at 301; 102 F. 4th, at 211. We have never confned Yoder to
its facts. To the contrary, we have treated it like any other
precedent. We have at times relied on it as a statement
of general principles. See, e. g., Espinoza, 591 U. S., at 486;
Employment Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore. v.
Smith, and (1990). And we have dis-
tinguished it when appropriate. See, e. g., Lyng, 485 U. S.,
at 456 -- 457.
True, we noted in Yoder that the Amish had made a "con-
vincing showing, one that probably few other religious
groups or sects could make." 406 U. S., at 235 -- 236; see post,
at 612 (Sotomayor, J., dissenting). But that language must
be read in the context of the specifc claims raised by the
Amish respondents. They did not challenge a discrete edu-
cational requirement or element of the curriculum, like the
Page Proof Pending Publication
plaintiffs in Barnette. Instead, they asserted a right to
withdraw their children from all conventional schooling after
a certain age. Such a claim required them to show that the
practice of formal education after the eighth grade would
substantially and systemically interfere with the religious
development of their children. It was on that point that
they had made a "convincing showing" that others might
struggle to make. But that says nothing at all about
whether other parents could make the same convincing
showing with respect to more specifc educational require-
ments. Yoder is an important precedent of this Court, and
it cannot be breezily dismissed as a special exception granted
to one particular religious minority.
It instead embodies a principle of general applicability, and
that principle provides more robust protection for religious
liberty than the alarmingly narrow rule that the dissent pro-
pounds. The dissent sees the Free Exercise Clause's guar-
antee as nothing more than protection against compulsion or
coercion to renounce or abandon one's religion. See post,
 Cite as: (2025) 559

Opinion of the Court

at 601 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.) ("the Clause prohibits the
government from compelling individuals, whether directly or
indirectly, to give up or violate their religious beliefs"); ibid.
(the "Free Exercise Clause forbids affrmatively compelling
individuals to perform acts undeniably at odds with funda-
mental tenets of their religious beliefs" (internal quotation
marks and alterations omitted)); ibid. (the "Free Exercise
Clause prohibits laws that have a tendency to coerce individ-
uals into acting contrary to their religious beliefs" ). Under this test, even instruc-
tion that denigrates or ridicules students' religious beliefs
would apparently be allowed.9
We reject this chilling vision of the power of the state to
strip away the critical right of parents to guide the religious
development of their children. Yoder and Barnette embody
a very different view of religious liberty, one that comports
with the fundamental values of the American people.

Page Proof Pending
d Publication
We also disagree with the Fourth Circuit's view that the
record before us is too "threadbare" to demonstrate a burden
on religious exercise. 102 F. 4th, at 209. That court faulted
the parents for failing to make specifc allegations describing
how the books "are actually being used in classrooms." Id.,
at 213. But when a deprivation of First Amendment rights
9
In a footnote, the dissent retreats and suggests that denigration and
ridicule could amount to prohibited "coercion." See post, at 603, 
(opinion of Sotomayor, J.). But this concession is either meaningless or
undermines the dissent's entire argument. The primary defnition of "co-
ercion" is little different from compulsion. See Webster's Third New In-
ternational Dictionary 439 (1971) ("use of physical or moral force to compel
to act or assent"); Random House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary 398
(2d ed. 2001) ("use of force or intimidation to obtain compliance"). If that
is what the dissent means by "coercion," then it is unclear why ridicule or
denigration would qualify as coercion under its test. By contrast, if the
dissent defnes "coercion" to require less, then it has failed to explain why
our understanding of what the Clause protects is fawed.
560 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

is at stake, a plaintiff need not wait for the damage to occur
before fling suit. Susan B. Anthony List v. Driehaus, (2014) ). Instead, to pursue a pre-enforcement chal-
lenge, a plaintiff must show that "the threatened injury
is certainly impending, or there is a substantial risk that
the harm will occur." 573 U. S., at 158. Here, the parents have undoubtedly made
that showing. The Board does not dispute that it is intro-
ducing the storybooks into classrooms, that it is requiring
teachers to use them as part of instruction, and that it has
encouraged teachers to approach classroom discussions in a
certain way. See, e. g., Brief for Respondents 9 -- 10. We do
not need to "wait and see" how a particular book is used in
a particular classroom on a particular day before evaluating
the parents' First Amendment claims. We need only decide
whether -- if teachers act according to the clear and undis-
puted instructions of the Board -- a burden on religious exer-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cise will occur.
Besides, it is not clear how the Fourth Circuit expects the
parents to obtain specifc information about how a particular
book was used or is planned for use at a particular time.
The Board has stated that it will not notify parents when
the books are being read. And it is not realistic to expect
parents to rely on after-the-fact reports by their young chil-
dren to determine whether the parents' free exercise rights
have been burdened. In circumstances like these, where the
Board has clearly stated how it intends to proceed, the par-
ents may base their First Amendment claim on the Board's
representations.
e
Finally, we reject the alternatives offered to parents by
those who would defend the judgment below. The frst of
those proposed alternatives is the suggestion that any par-
ents who are unhappy about the instruction in question can
simply "place their children in private school or... educate
 Cite as: (2025) 561

Opinion of the Court

them at home." Brief for Religious and Civil-Rights Orga-
nizations as Amici Curiae 14; accord, Brief for National Edu-
cation Association et al. as Amici Curiae 15; Brief for Amer-
ican Civil Liberties Union et al. as Amici Curiae 10; Tr. of
Oral Arg. 61 -- 62. The availability of this option is no answer
to the parents' First Amendment objections. As we have
previously held, when the government chooses to provide
public benefts, it may not "condition the availability of
[those] benefts upon a recipient's willingness to surrender
his religiously impelled status." Trinity Lutheran Church
of Columbia, Inc. v. Comer, (2017) (inter-
nal quotations marks and alterations omitted). That is what
the Board has done here. Public education is a public bene-
ft, and the government cannot "condition" its "availability"
on parents' willingness to accept a burden on their religious
exercise. Ibid. Moreover, since education is compulsory in
Maryland, see Md. Educ. Code Ann. -- 301(a -- 1)(1), the par-
ents are not being asked simply to forgo a public beneft.
Page Proof Pending Publication
They have an obligation -- enforceable by fne or imprison-
ment -- to send their children to public school unless they
fnd an adequate substitute. -- 301(a)(3), (e).10 And many
parents cannot afford such a substitute.
The provision of education is an expensive endeavor. In
Montgomery County, as in many other jurisdictions, public

10
In light of this obligation, Wisconsin v. Yoder, (1972),
cannot be distinguished, as the dissent claims, see post, at 606 (opinion
of Sotomayor, J.), on the ground that it involved compulsory school at-
tendance. Here, the parents are being "affrmatively compel[led]" to do
the same thing as the parents in Yoder: submit their children to instruc-
tion that would "substantially interfer[e] with the[ir] religious develop-
ment." 406 U. S., at 218. The dissent claims that the parents in Yoder,
unlike petitioners, "were prohibited by the challenged law from engaging
in religious teaching at home," post, at 607, but that is plainly untrue.
All that the Wisconsin law required was that the children attend school
until they reached the age of 16. Yoder, 406 U. S., at 207. The State
made no effort to prevent religious training when students were not in
school.
562 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

education is the most signifcant expenditure in the county
budget by a wide margin.11 In the 2025 -- 2026 school year,
the county expects to spend $3.6 billion on public schools,
amounting to roughly $22,644 per student. See M. Elrich,
County Executive, FY26 Recommended Operating Budget
and FY26 -- FY31 Public Services Program, pp. 16 (message),
10 -- 1 (Mar. 2025). To help fnance that budget, Montgomery
County will levy property taxes and income taxes on all resi-
dents, regardless of whether they send their children to a
public school. Id., at 5 -- 10 to 5 -- 11. Private elementary
schools in Montgomery County are expensive; many cost
$10,000 or more per year prior to fnancial aid.12 And
homeschooling comes with a hefty price as well; it requires
at least one parent to stay at home during the normal work-
day to educate children, thereby forgoing additional income
opportunities. It is both insulting and legally unsound to
tell parents that they must abstain from public education in
order to raise their children in their religious faiths, when
Page Proof Pending Publication
alternatives can be prohibitively expensive and they already
contribute to fnancing the public schools.
Although the dissent does not follow suit in proposing that
the objecting parents send their children to private school,
it offers two other alternatives that are no better. First, it
suggests that the parents in this case have no legitimate
cause for concern because enforcement of the Board's policy

11
In fscal year 2026, the county expects to spend 47.3% of its budget
on public schools. See Montgomery County MD, Operating Budget
by the Numbers (2025), https://apps.montgomerycountymd.gov/
BASISOPERATING/Common/Index.aspx. By comparison, the next
greatest expenditure (public safety) is expected to account for just 10.6%
of the budget. Ibid.
12
See, e. g., Melvin J. Berman Hebrew Academy, Tuition and Finan-
cial Aid, https://www.bermanhebrewacademy.org/admissions/fnancial-aid;
St. Bartholomew Catholic School, Tuition, https://www.school.
stbartholomew.org/tuition-and-support; St. Bernadette Catholic School,
2025 -- 2026 Tuition, https://saintbernadetteschool.org/tuition; Alim Acad-
emy, Tuition 2025 -- 2026, https://alimacademy.org/tuition-2025-2026/.
 Cite as: (2025) 563

Opinion of the Court

would not prevent them from "teach[ing] their religious be-
liefs and practices to their children at home." Post, at 607,
(opinion of Sotomayor, J.). This suggestion comple-
ments the dissent's narrow view of the right of parents to
raise their children in accordance with their faith. Accord-
ing to the dissent, parents who send their children to public
school must endure any instruction that falls short of direct
compulsion or coercion and must try to counteract that
teaching at home. The Free Exercise Clause is not so fee-
ble. The parents in Barnette and Yoder were similarly capa-
ble of teaching their religious values "at home," but that
made no difference to the First Amendment analysis in
those cases.
Mustering one last alternative, the dissent asserts that,
under its approach, the parents would "remain free to raise
objections to specifc material through the" democratic proc-
ess. Post, at 619. In making this argument, the dissent
Page Proof Pending Publication
seems to confuse our country with those in which laws
enacted by a parliament or another legislative body cannot
be challenged in court. In this country, that is not so.
Here, the Bill of Rights and the doctrine of judicial review
protect individuals who cannot obtain legislative change.
The First Amendment protects the parents' religious liberty,
and they had every right to fle suit to protect that right.13

B
For these reasons, we conclude that the Board's introduc-
tion of the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks, combined with
its no-opt-out policy, burdens the parents' right to the free
exercise of religion. We now turn to the question whether
that burden is constitutionally permitted.

13
In any event, the dissent's argument ignores the extensive efforts al-
ready made by parents in Montgomery County. Indeed, hundreds of par-
ents beseeched the Board to allow opt outs, but those pleas fell largely on
deaf ears. Supra, at 537 -- 539.
564 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

1
Under our precedents, the government is generally free to
place incidental burdens on religious exercise so long as it
does so pursuant to a neutral policy that is generally applica-
ble. Smith, 494 U. S., at 878 -- 879. Thus, in most circum-
stances, two questions remain after a burden on religious
exercise is found. First, a court must ask if the burdensome
policy is neutral and generally applicable. Second, if the
frst question can be answered in the negative, a court will
proceed to ask whether the policy can survive strict scrutiny.
Under that standard, the government must demonstrate that
"its course was justifed by a compelling state interest and
was narrowly tailored in pursuit of that interest." Kennedy,
597 U. S., at 525.
Here, the character of the burden requires us to proceed
differently. When the burden imposed is of the same char-
acter as that imposed in Yoder, we need not ask whether the
Page Proof Pending Publication
law at issue is neutral or generally applicable before proceed-
ing to strict scrutiny. That much is clear from our decisions
in Yoder and Smith.
In Yoder, the Court rejected the contention that the case
could be "disposed of on the grounds that Wisconsin's re-
quirement... applies uniformly to all citizens of the State
and does not, on its face, discriminate against religions or a
particular religion." 406 U. S., at 220. Instead, the Court
bypassed those issues and proceeded to subject the law to
close judicial scrutiny, asking whether the State's interest
"in its system of compulsory education [was] so compelling
that even the established religious practices of the Amish
must give way." Id., at 221.
Then, in Smith, we recognized Yoder as an exception to
the general rule that governments may burden religious ex-
ercise pursuant to neutral and generally applicable laws.
Specifcally, we described Yoder as a case "in which we have
held that the First Amendment bars application of a neutral,
generally applicable law to religiously motivated action."
 Cite as: (2025) 565

Opinion of the Court

Smith, 494 U. S., at 881. And we explained that the general
rule did not apply in Yoder because of the special character
of the burden in that case. 494 U. S., at 881. Thus, when a
law imposes a burden of the same character as that in Yoder,
strict scrutiny is appropriate regardless of whether the law
is neutral or generally applicable.14
As we have explained, the burden in this case is of the
exact same character as the burden in Yoder. The Board's
policies, like the compulsory-attendance requirement in
Yoder, "substantially interfer[e] with the religious develop-
ment" of the parents' children. 406 U. S., at 218. And
those policies pose "a very real threat of undermining" the
religious beliefs and practices that the parents wish to instill
in their children. Ibid. We therefore proceed to consider
whether the policies can survive strict scrutiny.

2

Page Proof
To survive Pending
strict scrutiny, Publication
a government must demon-
strate that its policy "advances `interests of the highest
order' and is narrowly tailored to achieve those interests."
Fulton v. Philadelphia, (2021) ). In its flings before us, the Board asserts
that its curriculum and no-opt-out policy serve its compelling
14
In Smith, the Court speculated that the general rule was not applied
in Yoder because it "involved not the Free Exercise Clause alone, but the
Free Exercise Clause in conjunction with other constitutional protec-
tions." 494 U. S., at 881. We need not consider whether the case before
us qualifes as such a "hybrid rights" case. Contra, post, at 626 (Soto-
mayor, J., dissenting). Rather, it is suffcient to note that the burden
imposed here is of the exact same character as that in Yoder. That is
enough to conclude that here, as in Yoder, strict scrutiny is appropriate
regardless of whether the policy is neutral and generally applicable.
We acknowledge the many arguments pressed by the parents that the
Board's policies are not neutral and generally applicable. See Brief for
Petitioners 35 -- 44. But we need not consider those arguments further
given that strict scrutiny is appropriate under Yoder.
566 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

interest in "maintaining a school environment that is safe
and conducive to learning for all students." Brief for Re-
spondents 49. It relies
on the statements of an MCPS offcial who testifed that per-
mitting opt outs would result in "signifcant disruptions to
the classroom environment" and would expose certain stu-
dents to "social stigma and isolation." App. to Pet. for Cert.
607a -- 608a.
We do not doubt that, as a general matter, schools have a
"compelling interest in having an undisrupted school session
conducive to the students' learning." Grayned v. City of
Rockford, (1972). But the Board's conduct
undermines its assertion that its no-opt-out policy is neces-
sary to serve that interest. As we have noted, the Board
continues to permit opt outs in a variety of other circum-
stances, including for "noncurricular" activities and the
"Family Life and Human Sexuality" unit of instruction, for
which opt outs are required under Maryland law. App. to
Page Proof Pending Publication
Pet. for Cert. 672a; Brief for Respondents 10 -- 11 (2)). And the Board goes
to great lengths to provide independent, parallel program-
ming for many other students, such as those who qualify as
emergent multilingual learners (EMLs) or who qualify for
an individualized educational program.15

15
As of September 30, 2023, 24.6% of Montgomery County elemen-
tary school students qualifed as EMLs. See MCPS, School Profles,
MCPS Elementary Summary Dashboard, at Slide 1, https://www.
montgomeryschoolsmd.org/school-profles/. Many MCPS schools provide
EML students with independent parallel programming pursuant to a
"[p]ullout" model, "in which... teachers work with EML students outside
of regular content classrooms." M. McKnight, MCPS Superintendent,
English Language Development Program Evaluation Report, pt. 2, pp. 2 -- 
4 to 2 -- 5 (Dec. 15, 2022) (prepared by Center for Applied Linguistics). In
the 2022 -- 2023 school year, "approximately one out of every eight stu-
dents" in MCPS schools received "special education services" pursuant
to an " `Individualized Educational Program.' " Brief for 66 Members of
Congress as Amici Curiae 18 -- 19.
 Cite as: (2025) 567

Opinion of the Court

This robust "system of exceptions" undermines the
Board's contention that the provision of opt outs to religious
parents would be infeasible or unworkable. Fulton, 593
U. S., at 542.
The Board's attempt to distinguish the other programs for
which it provides opt outs is unconvincing. The Board as-
serts that the "Family Life and Human Sexuality" unit of
instruction is meaningfully different because it is "discrete"
and "predictably timed," and therefore schools can accommo-
date opt outs without producing the same "absenteeism and
administrability concerns." Brief for Respondents 46. But
this assertion only tends to show that the Board's concerns
about "administrability" are a product of its own design. If
the Board can structure the "Family Life and Human Sexual-
ity" curriculum to more easily accommodate opt outs, it could
structure instruction concerning the "LGBTQ+-inclusive"
storybooks similarly. The Board cannot escape its obliga-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion to honor parents' free exercise rights by deliberately
designing its curriculum to make parental opt outs more
cumbersome.
The Board also suggests that permitting opt outs from the
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks would be especially un-
workable because, when it permitted such opt outs in the
past, they resulted in "unsustainably high numbers of absent
students." Id., at 12. But again, the Board's concern is
self-inficted. The Board is doubtless aware of the presence
in Montgomery County of substantial religious communities
whose members hold traditional views on marriage, sex, and
gender. When it comes to instruction that would burden
the religious exercise of parents, the Board cannot escape
its obligations under the Free Exercise Clause by crafting a
curriculum that is so burdensome that a substantial number
of parents elect to opt out. There is no de maximis excep-
tion to the Free Exercise Clause.
Nor can the Board's policies be justifed by its asserted
interest in protecting students from "social stigma and isola-
568 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

tion." App. to Pet. for Cert. 608a. In Maryland, the "Fam-
ily Life and Human Sexuality" unit of instruction includes
discussions about sexuality and gender. See Maryland
State Dept. of Ed., Maryland Comprehensive Health Educa-
tion Framework 33 (June 2021). Yet the Board has not sug-
gested that the legally-required provision of opt outs from
that curriculum has resulted in stigma or isolation. Even if
it did, the Board cannot purport to rescue one group of stu-
dents from stigma and isolation by stigmatizing and isolating
another. A classroom environment that is welcoming to all
students is something to be commended, but such an environ-
ment cannot be achieved through hostility toward the reli-
gious beliefs of students and their parents.
We acknowledge that "courts are not school boards or leg-
islatures, and are ill-equipped to determine the `necessity' of
discrete aspects of a State's program of compulsory educa-
tion." Yoder, 406 U. S., at 235. It must be emphasized that
Page Proof Pending Publication
what the parents seek here is not the right to micromanage
the public school curriculum, but rather to have their chil-
dren opt out of a particular educational requirement that
burdens their well-established right "to direct `the religious
upbringing' of their children." Espinoza, 591 U. S., at 486. We express no view
on the educational value of the Board's proposed curriculum,
other than to state that it places an unconstitutional burden
on the parents' religious exercise if it is imposed with no
opportunity for opt outs. Providing such an opportunity
would give the parents no substantive control over the cur-
riculum itself.
Several States across the country permit broad opt outs
from discrete aspects of the public school curriculum without
widespread consequences. See, e. g., 22 Pa. Code.4(d)(3)
(2025); Minn. Stat..20 (2024); Ariz. Rev. Stat. Ann.
-- 102(A)(4), (8)(c) (2024). And prior to the introduction
of the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks, the Board's own
 Cite as: (2025) 569

Opinion of the Court

"Guidelines for Respecting Religious Diversity" gave par-
ents a broad right to have their children excused from spe-
cifc aspects of the school curriculum. These facts belie any
suggestion that the provision of parental opt outs in circum-
stances like these "will impose impossible administrative
burdens on schools. " Post, at 615 (Sotomayor, J.,
dissenting).
IV
The Board's introduction of the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" sto-
rybooks, along with its decision to withhold opt outs, places
an unconstitutional burden on the parents' rights to the free
exercise of their religion. The parents have therefore
shown that they are likely to succeed in their free exercise
claims. They have likewise shown entitlement to a prelimi-
nary injunction pending the completion of this lawsuit. In
the absence of an injunction, the parents will continue to be
put to a choice: either risk their child's exposure to burden-
Page Proof Pending Publication
some instruction, or pay substantial sums for alternative ed-
ucational services. As we have explained, that choice un-
constitutionally burdens the parents' religious exercise, and
" `[t]he loss of First Amendment freedoms, for even minimal
periods of time, unquestionably constitutes irreparable in-
jury.' " Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn v. Cuomo, (2020) (per curiam) (plurality opinion)). Furthermore, in
light of the strong showing made by the parents here, and
the lack of a compelling interest supporting the Board's poli-
cies, an injunction is both equitable and in the public interest.
The petitioners should receive preliminary relief while this
lawsuit proceeds. See Winter, 555 U. S., at 20. Specifcally,
until all appellate review in this case is completed, the Board
should be ordered to notify them in advance whenever one
of the books in question or any other similar book is to be
used in any way and to allow them to have their children
excused from that instruction.
570 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed, and
the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 571

Appendix to opinion of the Court

APPENDIX

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. to Pet. for Cert. 286a
572 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of the Court

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. to Pet. for Cert. 287a
 Cite as: (2025) 573

Appendix to opinion of the Court

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. to Pet. for Cert. 288a
574 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of the Court

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. to Pet. for Cert. 323a
 Cite as: (2025) 575

Appendix to opinion of the Court

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. to Pet. for Cert. 350a
576 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of the Court

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. to Pet. for Cert. 424a
 Cite as: (2025) 577

Appendix to opinion of the Court

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. to Pet. for Cert. 459a
578 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of the Court

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. to Pet. for Cert. 461a
 Cite as: (2025) 579

Appendix to opinion of the Court

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. to Pet. for Cert. 462a
580 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of the Court

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. to Pet. for Cert. 465a
 Cite as: (2025) 581

Thomas, J., concurring

Justice Thomas, concurring.
The Board of Education of Montgomery County (Board)
adopted a series of controversial "LGBTQ+-inclusive" story-
books for use in its prekindergarten through ffth-grade
English Language Arts (ELA) curriculum. Hundreds of
parents raised religious objections and sought to use the
Board's then-existing opt-out policy to exclude their children
from lessons involving these books. The Board responded
by removing the opt-out option, and even refused to provide
parents with notice of when schools would use the materials.
Parents sued, arguing that the Board's new no-opt-out policy
violates their First Amendment rights. The Court cor-
rectly holds that the policy contravenes the parents' free ex-
ercise right to direct the religious upbringing of their chil-
dren, see ante, at 546, and I join its opinion in full. I write
separately to highlight additional reasons why the Board's
policy cannot survive constitutional scrutiny, as well as to
emphasize an important implication of this decision for
Page Proof Pending Publication
schools across the country.
I
As the Court today holds, the Board's policy is incompati-
ble with this Court's decision in Wisconsin v. Yoder, (1972). Ante, at 546 -- 555. Yoder addressed whether a
Wisconsin law requiring children to attend school past the
eighth grade violated the free exercise rights of Amish par-
ents who objected on the ground that the law interfered with
their ability to direct their children's religious upbringing.
406 U. S., at 207 -- 209. In holding that the law violated the
parents' First Amendment rights, the Court made clear that
only "interests of the highest order" that are "not otherwise
served can overbalance legitimate claims to the free exercise
of religion." Id., at 215.
The Court understood history and tradition to inform the
inquiry whether Wisconsin had established "interests of the
highest order," and it explicitly examined the historical pedi-
gree of the State's alleged interest in education past the
582 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Thomas, J., concurring

eighth grade. The Court explained that one key reason why
Wisconsin's interests could not justify its law as applied to
the Amish was that "compulsory education beyond the
eighth grade [was] a relatively recent development" that
emerged "[l]ess than 60 years ago," yet the Amish had a
track record of "successful social functioning... approaching
almost three centuries." Id., at 226 -- 227. In a similar vein,
the Court observed that the Amish were not "a group claim-
ing to have recently discovered some `progressive' or more
enlightened process for rearing children," but instead had a
centuries-long history "as an identifable religious sect and
a long history as a successful and self-suffcient segment of
American society." Id., at 235. Thus, for the Amish, educa-
tion past the eighth grade was demonstrably inessential to
"meeting the duties of citizenship." Id., at 227.
That analysis is instructive here. As with compulsory ed-
ucation past the eighth grade at the time the Court decided
Page Proof Pending Publication
Yoder, sex education is also a "relatively recent develop-
ment" -- and the practice of teaching sexuality- and gender-
related lessons to young children even more so. And, as in
Yoder, there is little to suggest that these lessons are critical
to the students' civic development.
What is now labeled "sex education" is a 20th-century in-
novation. Early in the Nation's history, "schooling seldom
extended beyond the elementary subjects." M. Katz, A His-
tory of Compulsory Education Laws 14 (1976). It was not
until the 1970s that public schools began implementing what
we might today recognize as sex education, with lessons fo-
cused on cautioning students about how to avoid "unintended
pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases." K. Rufo,
Note, Public Policy vs. Parent Policy: States Battle Over
Whether Public Schools Can Provide Condoms to Minors
Without Parental Consent, 13 N. Y. L. S. J. Hum. Rights 589,
591 -- 592, and (1997). Sex education has shifted in re-
cent decades toward the even more controversial "[c]ompre-
hensive [a]pproach," though the curriculum generally still
 Cite as: (2025) 583

Thomas, J., concurring

"begin[s] with `basic facts' " and emphasizes "contraceptive
use" to avoid pregnancy and disease. Id., at 592 -- 593; see
Brief for Petitioners 32.
The practice of teaching sexuality and gender identity to
very young children at school appears to be signifcantly
more recent than typical sex education. Although the plain-
tiffs placed the storybook curriculum's recency and lack of
historical pedigree in issue, see id., at 47, the Board failed to
identify any tradition of teaching sexuality and gender iden-
tity to young children -- much less a tradition of preventing
parents from opting their children out of such instruction.
The Board's "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybook curriculum ap-
pears to be as novel as the storybooks themselves, all of
which were published within the last decade.1 See App. to
Pet. for Cert. 603a (storybook curriculum was adopted be-
cause "[i]n recent years" ELA curriculum had not been suf-
fciently representative of Montgomery County community).
The storybook curriculum is also different in kind from
Page Proof Pending Publication
traditional sex education. See Brief for Respondents 1 -- 2
("[T]he storybooks are not sex-education materials"). In-
stead of incorporating materials focused on health and repro-
duction, for example, the Board chose the storybooks based
on factors such as whether they "reinforced or disrupted"
"heteronormativity," "cisnormativity," and "power hierar-
chies that uphold the dominant culture." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 622a; see also ante, at 532 -- 533. The Board further
provided teachers with guidance about how to conduct
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" instruction, which, among other things,
suggested that teachers should "[d]isrupt" their students'
"either/or thinking" about sexuality and gender. App. to
Pet. for Cert. 629a, 633a. In the Board's view, these instruc-
tional directives helped advance its objective of "educational
equity" -- that is, viewing each student's "[g]ender identity
1
See S. Brannen, Uncle Bobby's Wedding (2020); C. Johnson, L. Coun-
cil, & C. Choi, Intersection Allies (2019); D. Haack, Prince & Knight (2020);
C. Wild, Love, Violet (2021); J. Patterson, Born Ready (2021).
584 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Thomas, J., concurring

and expression," "[s]exual orientation," and other specifed
"individual characteristics as valuable." Code of Md. Regs.,
tit. 13A,.06.01(B), 01.06.03(B) (2025).2
Yoder's historical analysis applies with full force in this
case. Until very recently, young children have gone without
sexual- and gender-identity education in school. Nothing
suggests that the countless generations who did not receive
such education failed to "mee[t] the duties of citizenship," 406
U. S., at 227 -- or that, if they did, their failure was due to a
lack of exposure to sexual- and gender-identity instruction
during early adolescence. Further, as in Yoder, the parents
seeking to protect their children's religious upbringings do
not belong to a group pushing some "recently discovered...
`progressive' or more enlightened process for rearing chil-
dren for modern life." Id., at 235. They are devout Chris-
tians and Muslims. See ante, at 540 -- 542. Given the nov-
elty of its "LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum and no-opt-out
policy, if any party is pressing a progressive child-rearing
Page Proof Pending Publication
process in this litigation, clearly it is the Board. Such an
unprecedented curriculum cannot "overbalance" the parents'
"legitimate claims to the free exercise of religion." 406
U. S., at 215.3
2
The majority discusses fve books currently incorporated in the Board's
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum. Ante, at 533 -- 535. The Board had also
approved another book, Pride Puppy, but, after more than a year of using
the book in classroom instruction, the Board removed it due to content
concerns during the course of this litigation. See N. Asbury, Montgomery
Schools Stopped Using Two LGBTQ-Inclusive Books Amid Legal Battle,
Washington Post, Oct. 23, 2024, https://www.washingtonpost.com/
education/2024/10/23/montgomery-schools-opt-out-storybooks/; see also
ante, at 533,. Pride Puppy tells the story of a young child "celebrat-
ing Pride Day" and losing her dog in the parade. See App. to Pet. for
Cert. 234a. The book, which the Board intended for teachers to read to
3- and 4-year-olds, see ibid., invites readers to search for items depicted
in the book's illustrations, including "underwear," a "[drag] king," and a
"[drag] queen," id., at 270a.
3
According to Justice Sotomayor, the recency inquiry outlined in
Yoder could inhibit schools' ability to teach "computer literacy, robotics,
and flm studies," and thus "fails to appreciate the constantly evolving
 Cite as: (2025) 585

Thomas, J., concurring

II
Perhaps recognizing that its ban on parental opt-outs lacks
historical support, the Board seeks to defend its policy by
claiming that it promotes "equity" and "inclusi[on]" and di-
minishes classroom disruption. Decl. of N. Hazel in Mah-
moud v. McKnight, No. 8:23 -- cv -- 01380 (D Md.), ECF Doc.
42 -- 1, pp. 2, 6; Brief for Respondents 49. But, these asser-
tions do not amount to "interests of the highest order" suff-
cient to justify the policy's interference with parents' First
Amendment rights. Yoder, 406 U. S., at 215. And, much
of the alleged potential for classroom disruption stems from
choices that the Board itself made.

A
The record in this case suggests that the Board's
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum and no-opt-out policy rest
on the sort of conformity-driven rationales that this Court
Page Proof Pending Publication
rejected in Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925).
In Yoder, the Court observed that if a State were "empow-
ered, as parens patriae, to `save' a child" from the supposed
"ignorance" of his religious upbringing, then "the State will
in large measure infuence, if not determine, the religious
future of the child." 406 U. S., at 222, 232. Such an ar-
rangement would upend the "enduring American tradition"
of parents occupying the "primary role... in the upbringing
of their children" -- a role that includes the "inculcation of...
religious beliefs." Id., at 232 -- 233.
In reaching this conclusion, the Court relied heavily on its
earlier decision in Pierce, which articulated "perhaps the
most signifcant statements of the Court in this area."

nature of education." Post, at 628, (dissenting opinion). But, Jus-
tice Sotomayor fails to appreciate the enduring nature of religion -- and
the Constitution's respect for it. As the Court explained in Yoder, a com-
pelled curriculum focused on "contemporary worldly society" -- no matter
how practically useful -- may still impermissibly "contraven[e]... basic
religious tenets and practice..., both as to the parent and the child."
406 U. S., at 211, 218.
586 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Thomas, J., concurring

Yoder, 406 U. S., at 232. The Court held in Pierce that Ore-
gon's Compulsory Education Act, 1922 Ore. Laws p. 9, amending, which mandated public schooling for chil-
dren between 8 and 16 years old and thus forbade them from
attending religious schools, "unreasonably interfere[d] with
the liberty of parents and guardians to direct the upbringing
and education of children under their control." Pierce, 268
U. S., at 530, 534 -- 535. "The fundamental theory of liberty
upon which all governments in this Union repose," the Court
explained, "excludes any general power of the State to stand-
ardize its children by forcing them to accept instruction from
public teachers only." Id., at 535. The Court rejected the
premise that the child was merely a "creature of the State";
rather, "those who nurture him and direct his destiny have
the right, coupled with the high duty, to recognize and pre-
pare him for additional obligations." Ibid.
While the Court did not decide Pierce on free exercise
grounds,4 the context in which Pierce arose confrms that it
Page Proof Pending Publication
"stands as a charter of the rights of parents to direct the
religious upbringing of their children." Yoder, 406 U. S., at
233. The case came to the Court during "a time of broad
and relentless hostility to the European immigrants whose
labor the nation needed but whose religions were seen as
alien and un-American." S. Carter, Parents, Religion, and
Schools: Refections on Pierce, 70 Years Later, 27 Seton Hall
L. Rev. 1194, 1196 (1997) (Carter). "Roman Catholicism and,
to a lesser extent, Judaism, were widely viewed as threats
to America, which was self-consciously a Protestant coun-
try." Id., at 1197. Public schooling was perceived as a solu-
tion that could "Protestantize the immigrant children" and
thus diminish the threats these foreign beliefs posed. Id.,
at 1199; see also Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Revenue, -- 504 (2020) (Alito, J., concurring) (describing
4
The Court decided Pierce 15 years before it recognized that the First
Amendment's free-exercise guarantee applies against the States. See
Cantwell v. Connecticut, (1940).
 Cite as: (2025) 587

Thomas, J., concurring

popular anti-Catholic sentiment and attempts to " `American-
ize' the incoming Catholic immigrants"). Unsurprisingly,
parents who adhered to the disfavored faiths sought alterna-
tive educational options. "[B]y the end of the nineteenth
century, there were Catholic schools everywhere there were
Catholics." Carter 1200.
The arguments that Oregon pressed in defense of its
compulsory-education law make clear that the State sought
ideological conformity among its citizens, and viewed immi-
grants and their religious schools as standing in the way. It
would be "both unjust and unreasonable," Oregon argued,
"to prevent [the States] from taking the steps which each
may deem necessary and proper for Americanizing its new
immigrants and developing them into patriotic and law-
abiding citizens." Pierce, 268 U. S., at 526 (arguments of
counsel). Absent such power, there would be no way to
"prevent the entire education of a considerable portion of [a
State's] future citizens being controlled and conducted
Page Proof Pending Publication
by bolshevists, syndicalists and communists." Ibid. The
State even asserted an interest in "a greater equality" to
justify its attempt at state-enforced uniformity. Id., at 527.
Though these sentiments were "comfortably consonant with
the smart-set views of the day," R. Garnett, Taking Pierce
Seriously: The Family, Religious Education, and Harm to
Children, 76 Notre Dame L. Rev. 109, 124 (2000) (Garnett),5

5
The anti-Catholic views animating Oregon's law were both popular and
prestigious. Harper's Weekly warned that "every good citizen should
strenuously oppose" Catholics' plans for "extension of the Roman sect."
The "Parochial" Schools, 19 Harpers Weekly 294 (1875); see also Espinoza
v. Montana Dept. of Revenue, (2020) (Alito, J., concur-
ring) (picturing 1871 Harper's Weekly cartoon "depict[ing] Catholic [bish-
ops] as crocodiles slithering hungrily toward American children").
"Books full of anti-Catholic sentiment, and stern nativist warnings, were
best-sellers" at the time. Carter 1197. Ellwood Cubberley of Stanford
University -- the "preeminent education scholar" of the era -- "identifed
the assimilation of immigrants as a dominant schooling challenge of the
time." J. Driver, The Schoolhouse Gate: Public Education, the Supreme
588 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Thomas, J., concurring

the Court rejected them as antithetical to our Nation's "fun-
damental theory of liberty," 268 U. S., at 535.
The Board's "LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum and no-opt-
out policy pursue the kind of ideological conformity that
Pierce and Yoder prohibit. To be sure, the Board frames its
policy in more veiled terms. It has maintained throughout
this litigation that the storybooks serve broad interests in
"promot[ing] equity, respect, and civility among [its] diverse
community"; "normaliz[ing] a fully inclusive environment";
"encourag[ing] respect for all"; and creating a "safe educa-
tional environment." Defendants' Memorandum of Law in
Opposition, ECF Doc. 42, p. 32; ECF Doc. 42 -- 1, at 2, 6 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). It further determined that
allowing opt-outs might "expos[e]" students "who believe
that the books represent them or their families" to "social
stigma and isolation." App. to Pet. for Cert. 607a -- 608a; see
also ante, at 538. As the acting principal of one Montgom-
ery County public school euphemistically explained, "being
Page Proof Pending Publication
accepting is the goal." App. to Pet. for Cert. 498a.
But, the Board's response to parents' unsuccessful at-
tempts to opt their children out of the storybook curriculum
conveys that parents' religious views are not welcome in the
"fully inclusive environment" that the Board purports to fos-
ter. ECF Doc. 42 -- 1, at 6. As the majority recounts, the
Board ignored that " `thousands' of parents felt `deeply dis-
mayed and betrayed' by the rescission of opt outs from `con-
tent that confict[s] with their sincerely held religious be-
liefs.' " Ante, at 539. After parents attempted to opt their
children out of the Board's new curriculum on religious
grounds, at least one Board member suggested that students
were " ` "parroting " ' " their parents' " ` "dogma." ' " Ibid.

Court, and the Battle for the American Mind 44 (2018). And, John Dewey,
one of the 20th century's most prominent educational reformers, "insisted
that parents should not be permitted to `inoculate' their children with the
outdated and useless religious beliefs that they `happen[ed] to have found
serviceable to themselves.' " Garnett 124,.
 Cite as: (2025) 589

Thomas, J., concurring

The Board member further analogized the parents to
" ` "white supremacists" ' " and " ` "xenophobes." ' " Ibid.
And, a different Board member suggested that any objection
to the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum stemmed from " `ig-
norance and hate.' " Ante, at 537 -- 538. In the Board's view,
for parents to suggest that the storybooks were inappropri-
ate would be "a dehumanizing form of erasure." App. to
Pet. for Cert. 514a. At a minimum, these statements sug-
gest that "being accepting" has limits -- and that parents' sin-
cerely held religious beliefs fall beyond them. Id., at 498a.
The curriculum itself also betrays an attempt to impose
ideological conformity with specifc views on sexuality and
gender. The storybooks are, "[l]ike many books targeted at
young children,... unmistakably normative." Ante, at 550.
They present views that run contrary to traditional religious
teachings as correct and worthy of acclaim, asserting, for
example, that sex is irrelevant to whether two people can
Page Proof Pending Publication
get married, that students should question their genders,
and that gender transitions are unequivocally positive. See
ante, at 550 -- 553. Beyond the materials themselves, the
Board instructed teachers to reprimand certain traditional
religious views about sex and gender as " `hurtful,' " and to
respond to students' questions with answers that, among
other things, endorse same-sex marriage and transgender
ideology. See ante, at 554.
The Board's exclusion of traditional religious views, cou-
pled with a curriculum that "pressure[s students] to con-
form," Yoder, 406 U. S., at 211, constitute an impermissible
attempt to "standardize" the views of students, Pierce, 268
U. S., at 535. Just as Oregon claimed that it would use its
education system to promote "equality" and generate "patri-
otic and law-abiding citizens," id., at 526 -- 527 (arguments of
counsel), the Board purports to use the same means to pro-
mote " `equity' " and create " `civi[l]' " students. ECF Doc.
42, at 8, 9. But, in both instances, the government's vision
is irreconcilable with "the rights of parents to direct the reli-
590 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Thomas, J., concurring

gious upbringing of their children," Yoder, 406 U. S., at 233,
even if it aligns with "the smart-set views of the day," Gar-
nett 124; see, e. g., H. Alvaré, Families, Schools, and Reli-
gious Freedom, 54 Loyola U. Chi. L. J. 579, 631 -- 632 (2022)
(observing that "the most visible corporations and websites... celebrate beliefs and conduct about the family that di-
rectly contradict Christian norms").
At bottom, the parents in this case are "member[s] of the
community too." Trinity Lutheran Church of Columbia,
Inc. v. Comer, (2017). Their objections to
the Board's curriculum follow "decent and honorable reli-
gious... premises." Obergefell v. Hodges, (2015). Far from promoting "inclusi[on]" and "respect
for all," ECF Doc. 42 -- 1, at 6, the Board's no-opt-out policy
imposes conformity with a view that undermines parents'
religious beliefs, and thus interferes with the parents' right
to "direct the religious upbringing of their children," Yoder,
406 U. S., at 232 -- 233.6
Page Proof Pending Publication B
The Board's alleged interest in effcient administration
does not help it, either. In the Board's view, if it can show
that it " `could not accommodate the growing number of opt
out requests without causing signifcant disruptions to the
classroom and undermining [its] educational mission,' " then
it can vindicate its policy. Brief for Respondents 49. But,
as the majority notes, the signifcant disruptions that the
Board complains about are "a product of its own design."

6
Justice Sotomayor responds that, "[i]f there is any conformity that
the Board seeks to instill, it is universal acceptance of kindness and civil-
ity." Post, at 623 -- 624,. I recognize that the Board purports to
instill such a principle. See supra, at 588. But, as discussed above, in
this case Board members' treatment of parents has been neither "kin[d]"
nor "civi[l]" nor "universal[ly] accept[ing]." Post, at 624, (opinion of
Sotomayor, J.). The Board's decision to disregard -- or, in some cases,
to denigrate -- parents' sincerely held religious beliefs is anathema to its
declared objectives.
 Cite as: (2025) 591

Thomas, J., concurring

Ante, at 567. If the Court were to accept the Board's argu-
ment, we would effectively give schools a playbook for evad-
ing the First Amendment.
Teaching young children about sexual and gender identity
in ways that contradict parents' religious teachings under-
mines those parents' right to "direct the religious upbringing
of their children," Yoder, 406 U. S., at 233,7 and the Board
may undermine that right only if it has no other way to ad-
vance a compelling interest. Here, not only do the Board's
interests in its curriculum and policy fall below the "highest
order" of importance, see supra, at 584, 588 -- 590, but these
alleged logistical challenges are attributable to the Board's
deliberate decision to "weave" the storybooks into its
broader curriculum. Brief for Respondents 13; see also
ante, at 567.
The Board easily could avoid sowing tension between its
curriculum and parents' First Amendment rights. Most
straightforwardly, rather than attempt to "weave the story-
Page Proof Pending Publication
books seamlessly into ELA lessons," the Board could cabin
its sexual- and gender-identity instruction to specifc units.
Brief for Respondents 13; see ante, at 567. The Board's for-
mal sex-education curriculum, for example, is a "discrete"
"[u]nit of [i]nstruction" from which parents may opt out their
7
Not only are "sexual orientation and gender identity" "sensitive politi-
cal topics," Janus v. State, County, and Municipal Employees, -- 914 (2018), but education about these subjects is uniquely likely
to "interfer[e]" with children's "religious development," Yoder, 406 U. S.,
at 218. These subjects relate to "the very architecture" of many faiths.
H. Alvaré, Families, Schools, and Religious Freedom, 54 Loyola U. Chi.
L. J. 579, 629 (2022). Thus, when schools "offe[r] normative answers to
moral questions" about these "familial matters," their moral statements
inevitably address "religious matter[s]," leaving the instruction "insepara-
ble from what Pierce and Yoder frmly agreed belongs to parents' constitu-
tional authority respecting their children." Id., at 617. The interference
with parents' right to direct their children's religious upbringing is espe-
cially pronounced here, given the Board's concession that the storybook
curriculum may provide children with "a new perspective not easily con-
travened by their parents." App. 46.
592 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

children "for any reason." Brief for Respondents 11; see
also Tr. of Oral Arg. 131 (noting that sex education is "some-
thing where you're able to predict precisely when the curric-
ulum is going to be deployed"). Had the Board confned its
"LGBTQ-inclusive" curriculum to a "discrete" "[u]nit" as
well, Brief for Respondents 11, parental opt outs would
pose no greater administrative burden on schools than those
that the schools already confront. The Board instead chose
to incorporate these controversial concepts into broader
instruction.
The Board may not insulate itself from First Amendment
liability by "weav[ing] " religiously offensive material
throughout its curriculum and thereby signifcantly increase
the diffculty and complexity of remedying parents' constitu-
tional injuries. Id., at 13. Were it otherwise, the State
could nullify parents' First Amendment rights simply by sat-
urating public schools' core curricula with material that un-
Page Proof Pending Publication
dermines "family decisions in the area of religious training."
Yoder, 406 U. S., at 231. The "Framers intended" for "free
exercise of religion to fourish." Espinoza, 591 U. S., at 497
(Thomas, J., concurring). Insofar as schools or boards at-
tempt to employ their curricula to interfere with religious
exercise, courts should carefully police such "ingenious def-
ance of the Constitution" no less than they do in other con-
texts. South Carolina v. Katzenbach, 
(1966).

Justice Sotomayor, with whom Justice Kagan and
Justice Jackson join, dissenting.
Public schools, this Court has said, are " `at once the sym-
bol of our democracy and the most pervasive means for pro-
moting our common destiny.' " Edwards v. Aguillard, (1987). They offer to children of all faiths and
backgrounds an education and an opportunity to practice liv-
ing in our multicultural society. That experience is critical
 Cite as: (2025) 593

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

to our Nation's civic vitality. Yet it will become a mere
memory if children must be insulated from exposure to ideas
and concepts that may confict with their parents' religious
beliefs.
Today's ruling ushers in that new reality. Casting aside
longstanding precedent, the Court invents a constitutional
right to avoid exposure to "subtle" themes "contrary to the
religious principles" that parents wish to instill in their chil-
dren. Ante, at 552. Exposing students to the "message"
that LGBTQ people exist, and that their loved ones may cele-
brate their marriages and life events, the majority says, is
enough to trigger the most demanding form of judicial scru-
tiny. Ibid. That novel rule is squarely foreclosed by our
precedent and offers no limiting principle. Given the great
diversity of religious beliefs in this country, countless inter-
actions that occur every day in public schools might expose
children to messages that confict with a parent's religious
Page Proof Pending Publication
beliefs. If that is suffcient to trigger strict scrutiny, then
little is not.
The result will be chaos for this Nation's public schools.
Requiring schools to provide advance notice and the chance
to opt out of every lesson plan or story time that might impli-
cate a parent's religious beliefs will impose impossible ad-
ministrative burdens on schools. The harm will not be
borne by educators alone: Children will suffer too. Class-
room disruptions and absences may well infict long-lasting
harm on students' learning and development.
Worse yet, the majority closes its eyes to the inevitable
chilling effects of its ruling. Many school districts, and par-
ticularly the most resource strapped, cannot afford to engage
in costly litigation over opt-out rights or to divert resources
to tracking and managing student absences. Schools may
instead censor their curricula, stripping material that risks
generating religious objections. The Court's ruling, in ef-
fect, thus hands a subset of parents the right to veto curricu-
594 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

lar choices long left to locally elected school boards. Be-
cause I cannot countenance the Court's contortion of our
precedent and the untold harms that will follow, I dissent.

I
By the majority's telling, the Montgomery County Public
School Board (Board) has undertaken an intentional cam-
paign to "impose upon children a set of values and beliefs
that are `hostile' to their parents' religious" principles.
Ante, at 554; see ante, at 532 -- 540. The Court draws on ex-
cerpts from Board documents and statements, shorn from
context, see infra, at 621 -- 624, and, that it claims refect
that intent. The full record reveals a starkly different
reality.
A
In the years leading up to the present dispute, the Board
determined that the books in its English language curricu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lum failed to represent many students and families in the
county. The Board has long been committed to promoting a
"fully inclusive environment for all students" by using in-
structional materials that "refect [the] diversity of the
global community," including "persons with disabilities, per-
sons from diverse racial, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds, as
well as persons of diverse gender identity, gender expres-
sion, or sexual orientation." App. to Pet. for Cert. 589a -- 
590a, 603a. Yet certain perspectives, the Board concluded,
were absent from its English language curriculum. The
Board, for instance, determined that some "races and cul-
tures" were not adequately refected. Id., at 602a. In re-
sponse, it added books like The Leavers, which tells the story
of an Asian-American immigrant family, and the March tril-
ogy, which recounts the life of civil rights leader John Lewis.
The Board found that LGBTQ children and families were
similarly underrepresented in its English language curricu-
lum. The books taught in English classes simply "did not
include LGBTQ characters." Id., at 603a. To fll that gap,
 Cite as: (2025) 595

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

the Board worked with a committee of specialists to identify
LGBTQ-inclusive books that it could incorporate into the ex-
isting curriculum. After a years-long process, the Board an-
nounced in October 2022 that it would add several new books
into the elementary school English language curriculum, fve
of which are at issue in this case (collectively, the Storybooks).1
Uncle Bobby's Wedding tells the story of a young girl
named Chloe and her "favourite uncle." Id., at 282a. Chloe
loves spending time with her Uncle Bobby, and the two often
go on adventures, like boating trips and stargazing outings.
One day, during a family picnic, Uncle Bobby announces that
he is engaged to his friend, Jamie. The announcement is
met with much excitement, and the whole family is "smiling
and talking and crying and laughing." Id., at 286a. Chloe,
however, is apprehensive. She tells her uncle she "do[esn't]
think [he] should get married" because she "want[s them] to
keep having fun together like always." Id., at 292a. Uncle
Bobby promises that they will " `still have fun together,' "
Page Proof Pending Publication
ibid., and he and Jamie take Chloe on trips to the ballet,
to the beach, and out camping. Chloe's excitement for the
wedding grows, and on the day of the ceremony, she "was so
happy, she felt like doing a cartwheel" down the aisle. Id.,
at 302a. The story ends with everyone dancing happily at
the wedding under the light of the moon.

1
The complaint identifed seven books to which petitioners object, but
two are no longer approved for instructional use. See Brief for Respond-
ents 8.
596 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Id., at 279a.
Page
Because Proof Pending
the majority Publication
selectively excerpts the book in
order to rewrite its story, readers are encouraged to go di-
rectly to the source, reproduced below. See Appendix,
infra; see also infra, at 611, and.2
The remaining books play on similar themes. Prince &
Knight tells the story of a prince who falls in love with a
young knight after the knight helps him defeat a fearsome
dragon. Love, Violet describes a shy girl who has a crush
on her classmate, Mira, and eventually gives her a Valentine's
Day card that says "For Mira, Love, Violet." Id., at 434a.
Other books introduce readers to children from different
backgrounds and identities. Intersection Allies features
eight different characters, each with their own unique attrib-

2
The majority buries this book at the end of its discussion of the chal-
lenged materials, see ante, at 535, and understandably so. The Court's
conclusion that even mere exposure to Uncle Bobby's Wedding poses an
intolerable "threat" to religious views illustrates the untenable breadth of
its position. Ante, at 553; see infra, at 610 -- 612, and.
 Cite as: (2025) 597

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

utes. Alejandra, for instance, uses a wheelchair that allows
her to "zzzip glide and play," id., at 316a, while Kate prefers
"superhero cape[s]" over "[s]kirts and frills" and is pictured
in a gender-neutral bathroom, id., at 322a -- 323a. Born
Ready: The True Story of a Boy Named Penelope tells the
story of a child who likes skateboarding, "baggy blue jeans,
button-front shirts, math, science, and getting straight A's,"
and "most of all" wants a "Mohawk haircut." Id., at 452a.
When Penelope tells his mother that he is a boy, she accepts
him: " `However you feel is fne, baby,' " she says. Id., at
458a. When Penelope's brother expresses skepticism, his
mother says, " `Not everything needs to make sense. This
is about love.' " Id., at 465a (emphasis in original).
The fve Storybooks introduce readers to LGBTQ charac-
ters, but they draw on many of the themes common to chil-
dren's books. Indeed, Montgomery County Public Schools
(MCPS) libraries are replete with children's books that tell
Page Proof Pending Publication
similar stories about overcoming differences, fairytale ro-
mances, and celebrating big milestones like weddings. See
MCPS Library Portal, https://mcpsmd.follettdestiny.com/
portal (online catalogue of MCPS elementary school books).
The Board directed the schools to use the new books in
the same manner as all other books in the English language
program, namely, to "assist students with mastering reading
concepts like answering questions about characters, retelling
key events about characters in a story, and drawing infer-
ences about story characters based on their actions." Id.,
at 605a. The Board made clear to individual schools that
"there is no planned explicit instruction on gender identity
and sexual orientation in elementary school," using the Sto-
rybooks or otherwise. Ibid. The Board's policies, more-
over, mandate that "no student or adult [will be] asked to
change how they feel about" issues of "gender identity and
sexual orientation," ibid., and that, "[i]f a child does not
agree with or understand another student's gender identity
or expression or their sexuality..., they do not have to
598 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

change how they feel about it," id., at 638a; see also id., at
520a.
Before MCPS introduced the books into classrooms, the
Board provided guidance to teachers on how to respond to
student questions and commentary regarding the books.
The guidance focuses on encouraging mutual tolerance and
"respect" for all those in the community. Id., at 628a. To
take one example, if a child says that "[b]eing... gay, les-
bian, queer, etc[.] is wrong and not allowed in [her] religion,"
the guidance suggests that a teacher could respond by
saying:
"I understand that is what you believe, but not every-
one believes that. We don't have to understand or sup-
port a person's identity to treat them with respect and
kindness. School is a place where we learn to work to-
gether regardless of our differences. In any commu-
nity, we'll always fnd people with beliefs different from
Page Proof Pending Publication
our own and that is okay -- we can still show them re-
spect." Ibid.

The guidance also directs teachers to discourage the use
of language that could be hurtful to students in the class. If
a student says, "That's so gay," for instance, the guidance
suggests a teacher may respond by saying: "Regardless of
how it's intended, using gay to describe something negative
refects a long history of prejudice against LGBTQ+ people,
so please don't use it in that way." Id., at 634a.
During the frst year of the Storybooks' inclusion in the
English language program, MCPS permitted parents,
through agreements with individual schools, to opt their chil-
dren out of lessons that featured the books. Parents began
making individualized opt-out requests. Although some of
the requests were religious in nature, many were not.
In March 2023, the Board met with a "small group of prin-
cipals" and learned that teachers could not accommodate the
opt-out requests "without causing signifcant disruptions to
 Cite as: (2025) 599

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

the classroom environment and undermining MCPS's educa-
tional mission." Id., at 607a. The Board also worried that
permitting some students to leave the classroom whenever a
teacher brought out books featuring LGBTQ characters
could expose LGBTQ students (and those with LGBTQ par-
ents) to social stigma and isolation. MCPS therefore an-
nounced it would no longer permit parents to opt out of
instruction using the Storybooks.
B
MCPS regulations establish a multilevel appeal process for
parents to challenge the "appropriateness of instructional
materials or library books." App. 25. Parents can frst
raise objections at the school level. If that proves unsuc-
cessful, parents can appeal to the head of the district's evalu-
ation and selection unit, who must "[a]ppoint an ad hoc com-
mittee" of library media specialists, teachers, principals, and
other staff "to reevaluate the material." Ibid. The com-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mittee makes a recommendation to the associate super-
intendent for instruction and program development, who
herself considers the appropriateness of the relevant instruc-
tional material and renders a decision. If the parents are
still unsatisfed, they may appeal to the superintendent of
schools, and then the board itself, pursuant to exten-
sive county regulations governing appeal and hearing
procedures.

C
Rather than avail themselves of the district's established
process for challenging objectionable instructional material,
petitioners sued the MCPS Board in federal court.3 Using
3
There are three sets of parent-plaintiffs: Tamer Mahmoud and Enas
Bakarat, Jeff and Svitlana Roman, and Chris and Melissa Persak. Al-
though the majority discusses evidence in the record related to the associ-
ational plaintiff, Kids First, see ante, at 542 -- 543, that association did not
join in the parent-plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction. See
Mahmoud v. McKnight, 102 F. 4th 191, 201, (CA4 2024).
600 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

the Storybooks in English class "without parental notice or
opt-out rights," the parents argued, violates the Free Exer-
cise Clause of the Constitution by "expos[ing]" their children
to content that conficts with the parents' religious views.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 190a, 194a. More specifcally, petition-
ers Tamer Mahmoud and Enas Barakat object to "exposing"
their son "to activities and curriculum on sex, sexuality, and
gender that undermine Islamic teaching on these subjects."
Id., at 532a. They worry that "reading th[e] [Story]books
and engaging in related discussions would confuse [their
son's] religious upbringing" and "undermine [their] efforts to
raise" their son "in accordance with [their] faith." Id., at
532a -- 533a. Chris and Melissa Persak likewise object to
"exposing" their children to "viewpoints on sex, sexuality,
and gender that contradict Catholic teaching on these sub-
jects." Id., at 544a. Jeff and Svitlana Roman similarly be-
lieve that their son's teachers should not "teach principles
Page Proof Pending Publication
about sexuality or gender identity that confict with [their]
religious beliefs." Id., at 541a.
Petitioners asked the district court to enjoin MCPS from
"denying [them] notice and opportunity to opt their children
out of reading, listening to, or discussing the... Storybooks,"
and "any other instruction related to family life or human
sexuality that violates the Parents' or their children's reli-
gious beliefs." Motion for Preliminary Injunction in No. 23 -- 
cv -- 01380 (D Md., June 12, 2023), ECF Doc. 23, p. 1. After
an evidentiary hearing, the district court denied petitioners'
preliminary injunction motion. See Mahmoud v. McKnight,
688 F. Supp. 3d 265, 272 (Md. 2023). The Fourth Circuit af-
frmed. 102 F. 4th 191 (2024). It held that petitioners had
failed to establish that the Board "direct[ly] or indirect[ly]
pressure[d]" them or their children to "abandon [their] reli-
gious beliefs or affrmatively act contrary to those beliefs" in
the way this Court's precedents require. Id., at 210 ).
 Cite as: (2025) 601

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

II
A
The Free Exercise Clause commands that the government
"shall make no law... prohibiting the free exercise" of reli-
gion. U. S. Const., Amdt. 1. "The crucial word in the con-
stitutional text is `prohibit,' " for it makes clear " `the Free
Exercise Clause is written in terms of what the government
cannot do to the individual, not in terms of what the indi-
vidual can exact from the government.' " Lyng, 485 U. S.,
at 451.
It follows from the text that the Free Exercise Clause does
not "require the Government itself to behave in ways that
the individual believes will further his or her spiritual devel-
opment or that of his or her family." Bowen v. Roy, (1986) (emphasis in original). Instead, the
Clause prohibits the government from compelling individu-
als, whether directly or indirectly, to give up or violate their
Page Proof Pending Publication
religious beliefs. See, e. g., Wisconsin v. Yoder, (1972) (Free Exercise Clause forbids "affrmatively
compel[ling]" individuals "to perform acts undeniably at
odds with fundamental tenets of their religious beliefs");
School Dist. of Abington Township v. Schempp, (1963) ("[I]t is necessary in a free exercise case for
one to show the coercive effect of the enactment as it oper-
ates against him in the practice of his religion"); Bowen, 476
U. S., at 700 ("The Free Exercise Clause affords an individual
protection from certain forms of governmental compulsion... "); Lyng, 485 U. S., at 450 (Free Exercise Clause prohibits
laws that have a "tendency to coerce individuals into acting
contrary to their religious beliefs"); Trinity Lutheran
Church of Columbia, Inc. v. Comer, (2017)
("[T]he Free Exercise Clause protects against `indirect coer-
cion...' "); Carson v. Makin, (2022) (same).
Consistent with these longstanding principles, this Court
has made clear that mere exposure to objectionable ideas
602 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

does not give rise to a free exercise claim. That makes
sense: Simply being exposed to beliefs contrary to your own
does not "prohibi[t]" the "free exercise" of your religion.
Amdt. 1. Nor does mere " `[o]ffense... equate to coercion.' "
Kennedy v. Bremerton School Dist., (2022)
(plurality opinion) ). The Con-
stitution thus does not " `guarantee citizens a right entirely
to avoid ideas with which they disagree.' " Id., at 589. In-
deed, "[i]t would betray its own principles if it did," for "no
robust democracy insulates its citizens from views that they
might fnd novel or even infammatory." Elk Grove Unifed
School Dist. v. Newdow, (2004) (O'Connor, J.,
concurring in judgment).
There is no public school exception to these principles.
This Court's decision in West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette,
(1943), is instructive. There, the Court held
Page Proof Pending Publication
that "compelling" students who adhere to the Jehovah's Wit-
nesses faith to salute the fag, in contravention of their reli-
gious beliefs, violated the First Amendment. Id., at 642.
Yet the Court distinguished the "compulsion of students to
declare a belief " from simply exposing students to ideas that
might confict with their religious tenets. Id., at 631. For
instance, the Court recognized that schools could "acquain[t
students] with the fag salute so that they may be informed
as to what it is or even what it means." Ibid. No problem
arose, either, the Court observed, from having objecting stu-
dents "remai[n] passive during a fag salute ritual," while
watching the rest of the class engage in it. Id., at 634.
What the State could not do, however, is "compe[l] the fag
salute and pledge," when those actions required students to
"declare a belief " contrary to their own religious views. Id.,
at 631, 642.
So too, in Kennedy v. Bremerton School Dist., the Court
recognized that seeing objectionable conduct alone is not ac-
tionable under the First Amendment. There, the Court re-
 Cite as: (2025) 603

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

jected the argument that the exposure of children to a school
coach's religious prayer violated the Establishment Clause.
See 597 U. S., at 538 -- 539. Even though hearing and watch-
ing an authority fgure engage in a denominational prayer
with classmates at a school-sponsored event could, of course,
undermine parents' efforts to instill different religious be-
liefs in their children, a majority of this Court concluded that
no cognizable "coercion" had occurred, and so no Establish-
ment Clause violation inhered in the coach's conduct. See
id., at 539.4
In sum, never, in the context of public schools or else-
where, has this Court held that mere exposure to concepts
inconsistent with one's religious beliefs could give rise to a
First Amendment claim.5

4
The Court misconstrued the record in that case, and thus erred in
deciding that the coach's prayer ritual was not coercive. See Kennedy,
Page Proof Pending Publication
597 U. S., at 547 -- 556, 561 -- 562 (Sotomayor, J., dissenting). Taking the
majority's recitation of the facts at face value, however, the Court plainly
viewed exposure to the aforementioned activities as insuffcient to raise
First Amendment concerns, notwithstanding their apparent potential to
undermine a parent's religious upbringing of their child. See id., at
538 -- 539.
5
The majority claims that this Court's precedent, as set forth above,
establishes an "alarmingly narrow rule" that would permit "even instruc-
tion that denigrates or ridicules students' religious beliefs." Ante, at
558 -- 559. That the majority sees exposure to books featuring LGBTQ
characters as comparable to "denigrat[ion] or ridicul[e]" of religion is tell-
ing. Ante, at 559. In any event, the majority is wrong: Denigration and
ridicule can easily amount to coercion. Such conduct bears no resem-
blance to merely exposing children to concepts or ideas that incidentally
confict with a parent's religious beliefs. (The majority, for its part, can-
not comprehend that coercion may cover denigration without reaching ex-
posure, and so mistakes this point for a concession. See ante, at 559,.)
Additionally, this Court's precedent forbids government action motivated
by "hostility to a religion or religious viewpoint." Masterpiece Cakeshop,
Ltd. v. Colorado Civil Rights Comm'n, (2018). Existing
precedent thus addresses the majority's hypotheticals without resort to
its unbounded test. See infra, at 611 -- 615.
604 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

B
These well-established principles, previously recognized
and respected by this Court, resolve this case. As re-
counted earlier, each of the three sets of parent-plaintiffs
premised their objections on, in essence, "expos[ure]" to ma-
terial that conficts with their religious beliefs. App. to Pet.
for Cert. 532a; see supra, at 599 -- 600; see also App. to Pet.
for Cert. 194a (challenging "exposure to the Pride Story-
books" and having "children... read the Pride Storybooks").
Yet for the reasons just explained, the effects of mere expo-
sure to material with which one disagrees does not and
should not give rise to a free exercise claim.
Nor have petitioners shown that MCPS's policies coerced
them to give up or violate their religious beliefs. See Bar-
nette, 319 U. S., at 633. To the contrary, MCPS explicitly
prohibits teachers from asking students to give up or change
their views regarding gender and sexuality, whether reli-
Page Proof Pending Publication
gious or not. See supra, at 597 -- 598; see also App. to Pet.
for Cert. 520a, 605a, 638a. The parents have proffered no
evidence of teachers acting contrary to that policy.
Recall, too, that MCPS exclusively uses the challenged
Storybooks to teach students literacy in English language
class. Like all other books in the English language curricu-
lum, the Storybooks will be used to "assist students with
mastering reading concepts like answering questions about
characters, retelling key events about characters in a story,
and drawing inferences about story characters based on their
actions." Id., at 605a. As for integrating the books into
classes, teachers may opt "to put them on a shelf for students
to fnd on their own; to recommend a book to a student who
would enjoy it; to offer the books as an option for literature
circles, book clubs, or paired reading groups; or to use them
as a read aloud." Id., at 604a -- 605a. It is possible, of
course, that such instruction may introduce students to con-
cepts or views objectionable to their faiths. Being "merely
made acquainted with" these themes, however, does not give
 Cite as: (2025) 605

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

rise to a cognizable free exercise burden. Barnette, 319
U. S., at 631.
III
Rather than follow this Court's unambiguous precedent,
the majority rescues petitioners' exposure theory by simply
renaming it. Petitioners' free exercise rights are burdened
by the Storybooks, the majority claims, because they "carry
with them `a very real threat of undermining' the religious
beliefs that the parents wish to instill in their children."
Ante, at 553. In other words, reading books like Uncle Bob-
by's Wedding is suffcient, in the majority's view, because of
the " `threat' " those books pose to the religious upbringing
of petitioners' children. Ibid.; see ante, at 551, 553 -- 554, 565.
That is simply exposure by another name.
From where does the majority derive its novel "threat"
test? Yoder, the majority claims, established
it over half a century ago, unbeknownst to any court of ap-
Page Proof Pending Publication
peals in the Nation (and until today, this Court as well).
The faws in the majority's reasoning are legion. The
Court's reading of Yoder is not simply incorrect; it is defni-
tively foreclosed by precedent. The majority's novel test,
moreover, imposes no meaningful limits on the types of
school decisions subject to strict scrutiny, as the Court's own
application of its test confrms. Today's ruling thus prom-
ises to wreak havoc on our Nation's public schools and the
courts tasked with resolving this new font of litigation.
A
1
Start with the majority's misreading of Yoder. According
to the Court, Yoder held that the government violates the
" `rights of parents to direct "the religious upbringing" of
their children' " whenever a government policy "poses `a
very real threat of undermining' the religious beliefs and
practices that the parents wish to instill." Ante, at 530, 546.
That is incorrect.
606 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Yoder addressed a First Amendment challenge to Wiscon-
sin's "compulsory-attendance law" for high school students.
406 U. S., at 207. The law compelled parents to send their
children to public school or an equivalent until age 16, and
imposed criminal penalties on violators. See ibid. A group
of Amish parents punished under the law argued that their
convictions violated the Free Exercise Clause because "their
children's attendance at high school, public or private, was
contrary to the Amish religion and way of life." Id., at 209.
This Court agreed. See id., at 234 -- 236. Wisconsin's law
violated the Free Exercise Clause because it "affrmatively
compel[led]" the parents, "under threat of criminal sanction,
to perform acts undeniably at odds with fundamental tenets
of their religious beliefs." Id., at 218. "Formal high school
education beyond the eighth grade," the Court explained,
foreclosed Amish religious practice by "tak[ing children]
away from their community" at a time when they "must ac-
quire... the specifc skills needed to perform the adult role
Page Proof Pending Publication
of an Amish farmer or housewife." Id., at 211. Sending
their children to school during that "crucial" time would ac-
cordingly require the Amish parents to "abandon" their faith.
Id., at 218.
Yoder thus does not support the proposition that any gov-
ernment policy that poses a " `very real threat' " to a parent's
religious development of their child triggers strict scrutiny.
Ante, at 530, 553. The problem in Yoder was not that the
law exposed children to material that would incidentally "un-
dermine" religious beliefs, but that it compelled Amish par-
ents to do what their religion forbade: send their children
away rather than integrate them into the Amish community
at home. Contra, ante, at 530, 549 -- 550, 561,.6

6
The majority sets up a strawman in response, claiming that the preced-
ing analysis distinguishes Yoder because it "involved compulsory school
attendance." Ante, at 561,. That misses the point entirely: Yoder is
distinguishable because the challenged law "affrmatively compel[led]" the
parents "to perform acts undeniably at odds with fundamental tenets of
 Cite as: (2025) 607

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

If there were any doubt, this Court already rejected the
majority's fawed reading of Yoder in Lyng,.
There, a group of Native Americans brought a free exercise
challenge to the construction of a federal road through an
area that the group used "to conduct a wide variety of spe-
cifc rituals." Id., at 451. This Court rejected the plain-
tiffs' claim. Id., at 449 -- 451. Although "the challenged
Government action would interfere signifcantly with private
persons' ability to pursue spiritual fulfllment according to
their own religious beliefs," the Court reasoned, the affected
individuals would not be "coerced by the Government's
action into violating their religious beliefs." Id., at 449.
Accordingly, the Court held that the plaintiffs had failed
to make out a cognizable free exercise claim. See id., at
451 -- 452.
The dissent in Lyng argued that the Court's ruling con-
ficted with Yoder, which it described as "str[iking] down a
state compulsory school attendance law on free exercise
Page Proof Pending Publication
grounds not so much because of the affrmative coercion the
law exerted on individual religious practitioners, but because
of `the impact' " that the law would have on Amish communi-
ties. 485 U. S., at 466 (opinion of Brennan, J.) (emphasis de-
leted). Wisconsin's law implicated the Free Exercise
Clause, the dissent claimed, because the school environment

their religious beliefs." 406 U. S., at 218. That is not
true here. See supra, at 604 -- 605. It also bears emphasis that the par-
ents in this case remain free to teach their religious beliefs and practices
to their children at home, as petitioners acknowledge. See Reply Brief 8.
The parents in Yoder, by contrast, were prohibited by the challenged law
from engaging in religious teaching at home that was critical to "integrat-
[ing]... Amish child[ren] into the Amish religious community" because
the law required them to send their children away to school during that
same time. 406 U. S., at 211 -- 212; see id., at 218. It was thus impossible
to both comply with the law and engage in the religious teaching at home
deemed necessary by the Amish parents. So they were not "similarly
capable of teaching their religious values `at home.' " Contra, ante, at
562 -- 563.
608 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

"posed `a very real threat of undermining the Amish commu-
nity and religious practice.' " Id., at 467. The majority today uses that same refrain as
the foundation of its analysis. See, e. g., ante, at 530, 543,
553, 556, 565.
The Court in Lyng, however, could not have been clearer:
"The dissent... misreads Wisconsin v. Yoder." 485 U. S.,
at 456. "The statute directly compelled the Amish to send
their children to public high schools `contrary to the Amish
religion and way of life,' " the Court explained. Id., at 457.
"The dissent's out-of-context quotations notwithstanding,
there is nothing whatsoever in the Yoder opinion to support
the proposition that the `impact' on the Amish religion would
have been constitutionally problematic if the statute at issue
had not been coercive in nature." Ibid. So the mere
"threat of undermining" Amish beliefs and practices was not,
on its own, what gave rise to a cognizable free exercise bur-
Page Proof Pending Publication
den in Yoder. Contra, ante, at 530, 543, 553, 556, 565.
"Whatever may be the exact line between unconstitutional
prohibitions on the free exercise of religion and the legiti-
mate conduct by government of its own affairs," Lyng ex-
plained, "the location of the line cannot depend on measuring
the effects of a governmental action on a religious objector's
spiritual development." 485 U. S., at 451.
The majority's novel test directly contravenes not only
Lyng, but also Bowen,. There, the Court ad-
dressed a father's free exercise challenge to the Govern-
ment's use of a Social Security number associated with his
daughter as a condition of receiving certain Government
benefts. See id., at 695 -- 696. According to the father's sin-
cerely held religious beliefs, use of the Social Security num-
ber would " `rob the spirit' of his daughter and prevent her
from attaining greater spiritual power," thereby interfering
with his ability to direct the religious development of his
child. Id., at 696. This Court rejected the father's claim.
"Never... has the Court interpreted the First Amendment
 Cite as: (2025) 609

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

to require the Government itself to behave in ways that the
individual believes will further his or her spiritual develop-
ment or that of his or her family," the Court explained. Id.,
at 699 (emphasis in original).
The majority's "very real threat" test is irreconcilable with
Bowen. There can be no question that the Government's
challenged policy in Bowen gravely threatened the father's
ability to direct his child's religious development; the Gov-
ernment's "us[e]" of his daughter's Social Security number
would (in the father's sincerely held view) " `rob the spirit'
of his daughter." Id., at 696. So if the test for identifying
a cognizable free exercise burden is, as the majority today
claims, whether the law poses " `a very real threat of under-
mining' " a parent's religious development of their child,
ante, at 553, then Bowen was wrongly decided.

2

Page Proof
The majority Pending
relegates its discussion Publication
of Bowen and Lyng
to a few sentences, claiming that those cases involved "inter-
nal affairs" of Government. Ante, at 557. The majority,
however, articulates no coherent line between the "internal
affairs" that the Court deemed nonactionable in those two
cases and the external effects of government decisions that
the majority announces are actionable here.
In Bowen, the entire premise of the father's claim was that
the Government's internal choices about how to operate its
program would have external effects on his right to direct
the religious development of his child: The father averred
that the Government's use of his child's Social Security num-
ber would irrevocably destroy his child's "spirit," and thus
his ability to protect her spiritual development. 476 U. S.,
at 696. Here, by the majority's own telling, the parents
make the same type of claim. They argue that the schools'
use of the Storybooks will harm their ability to direct their
children's religious development. See ante, at 530, 540 -- 541,
553 -- 554. The underlying theories are indistinguishable.
610 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

The incoherence of the majority's "internal affairs" theory
comes into even sharper focus as applied to the Court's deci-
sion in Lyng. There, the Court acknowledged that the Gov-
ernment's construction of the road would " `physically de-
stro[y] the environmental conditions and the privacy without
which the [religious] practices cannot be conducted.' " 485
U. S., at 449. Yet the majority today
recasts the decision to build a road through sacred land as a
purely "internal affai[r]" of the Government, thereby render-
ing Lyng inapposite. Ante, at 557. Implausible as that as-
sertion may be, it is the majority's only maneuver around
Bowen and Lyng. In short, the Court's novel "threat" test
fouts settled precedent, and the majority's contrary claim
is illogical.
B
That is only the beginning of the majority's errors. Turn,
next, to the Court's articulation of what, exactly, the "very
Page Proof Pending Publication
real threat" is that triggers the most demanding level of judi-
cial review. The majority declares the inquiry will turn on
several context clues: the "specifc religious beliefs and prac-
tices asserted," the "specifc nature of the educational re-
quirement or curricular feature at issue," the age of the chil-
dren, and the context and manner in which the relevant
materials "are presented." Ante, at 550. On that last
point, the majority adds, courts should ask whether the ma-
terials are "presented in a neutral manner" or "in a manner
that is `hostile' to religious viewpoints and designed to im-
pose upon students a `pressure to conform.' " Ibid..
That test lacks any meaningful limit. Consider what the
majority deems intolerably "hostile" to religious views.
Uncle Bobby's Wedding, the Court asserts, contains a "sub-
tle" "normative" message about marriage that is "contrary
to the religious principles that the parents in this case wish
to instill in their children": that "two people can get married,
regardless of whether they are of the same or the opposite
 Cite as: (2025) 611

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

sex, so long as they ` "love each other." ' " Ante, at 550, 552.
According to the Court, that message is apparent in the "ju-
bilant" reactions of Uncle Bobby's family to his engagement
announcement and a statement by the protagonist's mother
that, " ` "[w]hen grown-up people love each other that much,
sometimes they get married." ' " Ante, at 551, 552; see App.
to Pet. for Cert. 288a.7
With those snippets in hand, the majority concludes that
Uncle Bobby's Wedding is akin to "the compulsory high
school education [law] considered in Yoder." Ante, at 553.
Reading the book aloud in elementary class, the majority
claims, "impose[s] upon children a set of values and beliefs
that are `hostile' to their parents' religious [views]" and "ex-
ert[s] upon children a psychological `pressure to conform' " to
the view that families can be happy about same-sex wed-
dings. Ante, at 554. That
is apparently enough, in the majority's view, to create a cog-
nizable free exercise burden, for the Court ultimately prohib-
Page Proof Pending Publication
its use of the Storybooks "or any other similar book" "in any
way" absent an opt-out right. Ante, at 569.
Even if Yoder had established some form of "threat" test,
the majority's application of it in this case would expand it
beyond recognition. The Court in Yoder detailed, at length,
the record evidence that compulsory high school attendance
would "result in the destruction of the Old Order Amish
church community as it exist[ed] in the United States." 406

7
The majority strains to cast the book as a story about a child who is
apprehensive that her uncle is marrying a man. See ante, at 535, 551.
The book is "coy," the majority claims, about the reason the protagonist,
Chloe, asks her mother, " ` "Why is Uncle Bobby getting married?" ' "
Ante, at 551. With respect, the reason is plainly stated in the book and
has nothing to do with the gender of anyone involved: "Bobby was Chloe's
favourite uncle," the book explains, and Chloe " `do[esn't] think [Uncle
Bobby] should get married' " because she " `wants [them] to keep having
fun together like always.' " App. to Pet. for Cert. 282a, 292a. Perhaps con-
scious of its creative reading, the majority admits the message it identifes
is "subtle." Ante, at 552. The right word, instead, might be "imagined."
612 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

U. S., at 212; see id., at 209 -- 213. Compelled attendance ef-
fectively barred "integration of the Amish child into the
Amish religious community," id., at 211 -- 212, such that, under
Wisconsin's law, the petitioners in Yoder were forced "either
[to] abandon belief and be assimilated into society at large,
or... to migrate to some other and more tolerant region,"
id., at 218. Yoder thus set an exceedingly high bar for fu-
ture plaintiffs to clear. Indeed, the Court in Yoder explicitly
predicted that "few other religious groups" could make the
showing that the Amish parents in that case had. Id., at
236.
Yet, in the majority's eyes, reading aloud Uncle Bobby's
Wedding is just "[l]ike the compulsory high school education
considered in Yoder." Ante, at 553. That assertion is re-
markable. Reading a storybook that portrays a family as
happy at the news of their gay son's engagement, the major-
ity claims, is equivalent to a law that threatened the very
"survival of [the] Amish communit[y]" in the United States.
Page Proof Pending Publication
406 U. S., at 209; see ante, at 553 -- 554. To read that sen-
tence is to refute it.8
The majority's myopic attempt to resolve a major constitu-
tional question through close textual analysis of Uncle Bob-
by's Wedding also reveals its failure to accept and account for
a fundamental truth: LGBTQ people exist. They are part
of virtually every community and workplace of any apprecia-
ble size. Eliminating books depicting LGBTQ individuals as
happily accepted by their families will not eliminate student
exposure to that concept. Nor does the Free Exercise
8
The majority's discussion of Prince & Knight is no less eye opening.
See ante, at 551. The Court zeroes in on the book's classic fairytale end-
ing, in which the protagonists' marriage is celebrated by their family and
others in the kingdom. See ibid.; App. to Pet. for Cert. 424a ("[T]he air
flled with cheer and laughter, for the prince and his shining knight would
live happily ever after"). According to the majority, that makes reading
Prince & Knight equivalent to a law that risked "destruction of the Old
Order Amish church community." Yoder, 406 U. S., at 212. The absur-
dity of that claim, once again, requires no explanation.
 Cite as: (2025) 613

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Clause require the government to alter its programs to insu-
late students from that "message." Ante, at 551 -- 552.
In distorting Yoder to say otherwise, the majority leaves
its test without any discernible limits. How are courts ob-
jectively to evaluate what amounts to a "very real threat" to
a parent's religious development of their child? Should they
try to measure the intensity of the parent's protestations, or
must they simply accept the parent's assertion that exposure
to any particular book threatens their child's religious up-
bringing? Or will judges simply know it when they see it
and call their analysis "fact-intensive"? Ante, at 550. Per-
haps cognizant of this problem, the majority insists repeat-
edly that its test looks for an " `objective danger to the free
exercise of religion.' " Ante, at 543, 546, 549, 554, 555.
That incantation, however, will be cold comfort to courts at-
tempting to apply this peculiarly subjective test.
What is more, if even potentially imagined "coy" messages
Page Proof Pending Publication
hidden in a picture book are suffcient to trigger strict scru-
tiny when they confict with a parent's religious beliefs, ante,
at 551, then it is hard to say what will not. Indeed, as the
majority admits, "many books targeted at young children"
contain a "normative" message, ante, at 550, about, say, the
virtues of helping your community or the joys of getting
married. (How many children's books, after all, end with a
joyous wedding and the couple living happily ever after?)
The same is true for books and textbooks throughout any
public school curriculum.
Given the multiplicity of religious beliefs in this country,
innumerable themes may be "contrary to the religious princi-
ples" that parents "wish to instill in their children." Ante,
at 552. Books expressing implicit support for patriotism,
women's rights, interfaith marriage, consumption of meat,
immodest dress, and countless other topics may confict with
sincerely held religious beliefs and thus trigger stringent ju-
dicial review under the majority's test. Imagine a children's
picture book that celebrates the achievements of women in
614 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

history, including female scientists, politicians, astronauts,
and authors. Perhaps the book even features a page that
states, "Girls can do it all!" That message may be "directly
contrary to the religious principles that" a parent "wish[es]
to instill in their chil[d]." Ibid. In the majority's view, it
appears, that is suffcient to trigger strict scrutiny of any
school policy not providing notice and opt out to objecting
parents.
These types of challenges are not mere hypotheticals,
either. Lower courts have long felded religious objections
of this nature. See, e. g., Mozert v. Hawkins Cty. Bd. of Ed.,
827 F. 2d 1058, 1062 (CA6 1987) (religious objections to "bio-
graphical material about women who have been recognized
for achievements outside their homes," lessons on "evolu-
tion," and teaching "children to use imagination beyond the
limitation of scriptural authority"); Fleischfresser v. Direc-
tors of School Dist. 200, 15 F. 3d 680, 683 (CA7 1994) (reli-
Page Proof Pending Publication
gious objections to materials containing " `wizards, sorcerers,
giants and unspecifed creatures with supernatural pow-
ers' "); Altman v. Bedford Central School Dist., 245 F. 3d
49, 56, 60 -- 63 (CA2 2001) (religious objections to activities
involving, among other things, yoga, meditation exercises,
and the Drug Abuse Resistance Education (DARE) pro-
gram); Moody v. Cronin, 484 F. Supp. 270, 272 (CD Ill. 1979)
(religious objections to "mandatory coeducational physical
education" that requires children to "view and interact with
members of the opposite sex who are wearing `immodest
attire' ").
Nor is the Court's reasoning seemingly limited to reading
material. Interactions with teachers and students could pre-
sumably involve implicit "normative" messages that parents
may fnd "contrary to the religious principles" they wish to
impart to their children and therefore "hostile" to their reli-
gious beliefs. Ante, at 550, 552, 554. A female teacher dis-
playing a wedding photo with her wife; a student's presenta-
 Cite as: (2025) 615

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

tion on her family tree featuring LGBTQ parents or siblings;
or an art display with the phrase "Love Is Love" all could
"positively reinforc[e]" messages that parents disapprove on
religious grounds. Ante, at 552. Would that be suffcient
to trigger strict scrutiny if a school fails to provide advance
notice and the opportunity to opt out of any such exposure?
The majority offers no principled basis easily to distinguish
those cases from this one.
Hard questions might arise, too, from a school's efforts to
encourage mutual respect or to prevent bullying. If a stu-
dent calls a classmate a "sinner" for not wearing a headcov-
ering or coming out as gay, how can a teacher respond with-
out "undermining " that child's religious beliefs? Can
parents litigate the content of teacher responses and impose
scripts or opt-out policies for everyday interactions designed
to foster tolerance and civility? Again, the majority gives
no guidance.
C
Page Proof Pending Publication
One thing is clear, however: The damage to America's pub-
lic education system will be profound. Over 47 million stu-
dents attend K -- 12 public schools in the United States, with
nearly 17 million in elementary school. See Dept. of Com-
merce, J. Fabina, E. Hernandez, & K. McElrath, U. S. Census
Bureau, School Enrollment in the United States: 2021, p. 2
(2023). These students and their parents adhere to a wide
range of religious beliefs, and the range of curricular topics,
from science to literature to music and theater, covered in
public schools is similarly vast. Against that backdrop, re-
quiring schools to provide advance notice and the opportu-
nity to opt out of every book, presentation, or feld trip
where students might encounter materials that confict with
their parents' religious beliefs will impose impossible admin-
istrative burdens on schools.
Consider, frst, the diffculties of providing adequate ad-
vance notice. There are more than 370 distinct religious
616 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

groups in this country,9 and as the majority points out, Mont-
gomery County is the " `most religiously diverse county' " in
the Nation. Ante, at 531. Under the majority's test, school
administrators will have to become experts in a wide range
of religious doctrines in order to predict, in advance, whether
a parent may object to a particular text, lesson plan, or
school activity as contrary to their religious beliefs. The
scale of the problem is only compounded by the majority's
conclusion that even "subtle" and implicit messages con-
tained in children's books can trigger notice and opt-out obli-
gations. Ante, at 552. If a parent objects to all material
and interactions that support "nontraditional gender roles,"
for instance, how are schools workably to deduce what books
might cross the line? Or take the parents' request in this
very case: How should a school go about identifying "any
other instruction related to family life or human sexuality
that violates the [p]arents' or their children's religious be-
liefs" in addition to the fve Storybooks at issue here? ECF
Page Proof Pending Publication
Doc. 23, at 1. Those in the majority will apparently "know
it when [they] see it." Jacobellis v. Ohio, 
(1964) (Stewart, J., concurring) (referring to pornography).
Of course, school districts are currently free to publish in-
formation about their curricula. As one group of amici rep-
resenting over 10,000 school district leaders and advocates
and an association of 25 state school board associations at-
tests, however, "it would be an extreme and overly broad
burden to force all school districts in the country" to provide
the extensive notifcation regime that the majority's test
would require. Brief for School Superintendents Associa-
tion et al. as Amici Curiae 15 (Brief for AASA); see also
Brief for National Education Association et al. as Amici Cu-
riae 21 -- 29 (explaining that "endless administrative confu-
sion" would result from petitioners' requested notice man-
date). Such a regime, amici warn, would force school
9
See C. Grammich et al., 2020 U. S. Religion Census: Religious Congre-
gations & Adherents Study 7 (2023).
 Cite as: (2025) 617

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

administrators and teachers "to divert their already limited
resources and time to ensure full compliance" with these new
"parental notifcation rights." Brief for AASA 15.
Managing opt outs will impose even greater administra-
tive burdens. At present, the vast majority of States that
allow parents to opt students out of instruction limit that
right to a specifc course or single curricular unit, rather than
permitting opt outs for certain themes or particular materi-
als. See id., at 10 -- 14, and (collecting state statutes).
That approach ensures that opt outs can be "administered
centrally" in a way that "reduce[s the] burden on teachers
and principals" and "minimizes interruption o[f] classroom
instruction for other students." Id., at 14.
Establishing a new constitutional right to opt out of any
instruction that involves themes contrary to anyone's reli-
gious beliefs will create a nightmare for school administra-
tors tasked with felding, tracking, and operationalizing
Page Proof Pending Publication
highly individualized and vaguely defned requests for par-
ticular students, as this Board learned. See App. to Pet. for
Cert. 606a -- 607a.
Opt outs will not just affect classroom instruction, either.
Teachers will need to adjust homework assignments to ex-
clude objectionable material and develop bespoke exams for
students subject to different opt-out preferences. See Brief
for Justin Driver et al. as Amici Curiae. Schools will have
to divert resources and staff to supervising students during
opt-out periods, too, which could become a signifcant drain
on funding and staffng that is already stretched thin. See
Brief for AASA 15 -- 16.
Worse yet, the majority's new rule will have serious chill-
ing effects on public school curricula. Few school districts
will be able to afford costly litigation over opt-out rights or
to divert resources to administering impracticable notice and
opt-out systems for individual students. The foreseeable re-
sult is that some school districts may strip their curricula
of content that risks generating religious objections. See
618 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Brief for Justin Driver et al. as Amici Curiae 22. In the
current moment, that means material representing LGBTQ
students and families, like the Storybooks here, will be
among the frst to go, with grave consequences for LGBTQ
students and our society. See Brief for State of Maryland
et al. as Amici Curiae (discussing the importance of efforts
like MCPS's in combating harassment against LGBTQ
youth). Next to go could be teaching on evolution, the work
of female scientist Marie Curie, or the history of vaccines.
In effect, then, the majority's new rule will hand a subset
of parents a veto power over countless curricular and admin-
istrative decisions. Yet that authority has long been left to
democratically elected state and local decisionmakers, not in-
dividual parents and courts. This Court has repeatedly rec-
ognized the wisdom of that regime, including in Yoder itself.
See 406 U. S., at 235 (underscoring the "obvious fact that
courts are not school boards or legislatures, and are ill-
Page Proof Pending Publication
equipped to determine the `necessity' of discrete aspects of
a State's program of compulsory education"); San Antonio
Independent School Dist. v. Rodriguez, (1973)
(recognizing that "educational policy" is an "area in which
this Court's lack of specialized knowledge and experience
counsels against premature interference with the informed
judgments made at the state and local levels"); Epperson
v. Arkansas, (1968) ("By and large, public
education in our Nation is committed to the control of state
and local authorities").
At present, States and localities across the Nation have
adopted a patchwork of different policies governing school
material related to gender and sexuality and parental opt-
out rights. For instance, some States mandate, while others
forbid, instruction on sexual orientation. See Brief for
AASA 5 -- 6, and nn. 4 -- 8 (collecting state statutes). Statutes
governing opt-out policies are equally diverse. See id., at
10 -- 14, and nn. 10 -- 22. Tellingly, however, only a handful of
States have permitted opt-out rights for all material that a
 Cite as: (2025) 619

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

parent fnds objectionable, see id., at 13 -- 14, and nn. 20 -- 21,
and even some of those States have required that the parents
and school agree upon an alternative lesson plan that the
parent will fund, id., at 13, and. Today's decision will
thus usher in a sea change in the law, shifting the primary
locus of decisionmaking on these diffcult and often contested
policy issues from democratically elected offcials to judges.
There is also real reason to think that the democratic proc-
ess and local mechanisms for parental advocacy were work-
ing here. Three of the seven MCPS Board members were
voted out during the most recent election, see ABC 7 News,
K. Lynn, Montgomery County Voters Elect New School
Board Members in Signifcant Shift (Nov. 12, 2024), https://
wjla.com/news/ local/montgomery-county-voters-elect-new-
school-board-members-education-association-president-
david-stein-leadership-rita-montoya-laura-stewart-natalie-
zimmerman-accountability-maryland-dmv, and two of the
Page Proof Pending Publication
seven books to which the parents originally objected are no
longer in use, see Brief for Respondents 8. Parents, addi-
tionally, remain free to raise objections to specifc material
through the multilevel appeal system established by Board
and state policies in Maryland, see supra, at 599, which the
parents in this case apparently never tried to pursue.
The Court today subverts Maryland's functioning demo-
cratic process, whistling past decades of precedent that rec-
ognizes the primacy and importance of local decisionmaking
in this area of law. Members of this Court have oft and
recently called for deference to the democratic process in
other contexts. See, e. g., Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health
Organization, (2022) (decrying decisions
that "wrongly remov[e] an issue from the people and the
democratic process"); United States v. Skrmetti, (2025) (" `[T]he Constitution presumes that even im-
provident decisions will eventually be rectifed by the demo-
cratic processes' " )); Grants Pass v. John-
620 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

son, (2024) (objecting that "[i]nstead of
encouraging `productive dialogue' and `experimentation'
through our democratic institutions, courts have frozen in
place their own `formulas' by `fat' " and "interfered with `es-
sential considerations of federalism,' taking from the people
and their elected leaders diffcult questions traditionally
`thought to be the[ir] province' "). Yet today, it seems, those
principles do not apply to the Government when it designs
curricula for a free public education.10

D
Unwilling to acknowledge the implications of its ruling,
the majority insists that it has not announced a new " `expo-
sure' " theory of free exercise violations. Ante, at 555 -- 556.
The record in this case goes "far beyond mere `exposure,' "
the majority claims, because "the storybooks unmistakably
convey a particular viewpoint about same-sex marriage and
Page Proof Pending Publication
gender," and because the "Board has specifcally encouraged
teachers to reinforce this viewpoint and to reprimand any
children who disagree." Ibid.
The majority, however, makes clear that reading aloud the
books is suffcient under its test. The Court mandates that
the schools "notify [petitioners] in advance whenever one of
the books in question or any other similar book is to be used
in any way and to allow [petitioners] to have their children
excused from that instruction." Ante, at 569. The Court could only issue such a directive if any
instructional use of the books in class, including merely read-
ing them aloud, would prove intolerably " `hostile' " to reli-
10
Having refused to apply "the Bill of Rights and the doctrine of judicial
review [to] protect individuals who cannot obtain legislative change," ante,
at 563, in several recent decisions, see, e. g., Dobbs, 597 U. S., at 231, 269;
Skrmetti, 605 U. S., at 510, 525, the Court now asserts it has no choice
but to play school board here. Of course, our precedent requires just the
opposite result. See supra, at 601 -- 605.
 Cite as: (2025) 621

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

gious beliefs under the majority's test. Ante, at 554.11 In-
deed, if the problem arose from the teacher guidance, rather
than exposure to the books themselves, the Court could (and
should) simply issue an injunction mandating the opportu-
nity to opt out of the specifc teacher statements deemed
objectionable. See Madsen v. Women's Health Center, Inc.,
(1994) ("[An] injunction [should be] no
broader than necessary to achieve its desired goals").
As a result, what it comes down to under the majority's
test is that students will hear or read the text of books that
"convey a particular viewpoint" that is "contrary to the reli-
gious principles" that a parent wishes to instill in their child.
Ante, at 552, 555 -- 556. That is mere exposure to objection-
able ideas in its clearest form.12
The majority, in any event, badly misreads the Board's
teacher guidance. Far from directing teachers to "accuse
[students] of being `hurtful' when they express a degree of
religious confusion," ante, at 555; see also ante, at 589
Page Proof Pending Publication
(Thomas, J., concurring), the guidance is plainly designed to
foster mutual civility and "respect." App. to Pet. for Cert.
628a.
That purpose is clear throughout the materials. For in-
stance, the guidance suggests that, in response to a child's
statement that, "[b]eing... gay, lesbian, queer, etc[.] is

11
Petitioners conceded that they have no objection "to the books being
on the shelf or available in the library." Tr. of Oral Arg. 48. The Court's
injunctive relief can thus only cover use of the books as part of "instruc-
tion" in the classroom. Ante, at 569. The injunction therefore should
not be read to prohibit schools from placing the books on shelves or in
libraries.
12
Despite stating that the age of the child matters to its "threat" analy-
sis earlier in the opinion, see ante, at 549, the majority declines to limit
the injunctive relief that it orders based on the age of the students in-
volved. The majority thus fails to put its age-based test into practice,
treating 5-year-old kindergarteners and 11-year-old ffth graders identi-
cally when it comes to reading Uncle Bobby's Wedding.
622 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

wrong and not allowed in my religion," a teacher could re-
spond: "I understand that is what you believe, but not every-
one believes that. We don't have to understand or support
a person's identity to treat them with respect and kindness.... In any community, we'll always fnd people with beliefs
different from our own and that is okay -- we can still show
them respect." Ibid.
That recommended response is careful to respect the reli-
gious views of students, while still encouraging civility and
"kindness" toward others. Ibid. Those values, moreover,
are precisely what the parents in this case say they endorse.
See, e. g., id., at 529a ("We... believe that all humans...
must be respected, regardless of the person's faith, race, eth-
nic origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or social
status"); id., at 536a ("We frmly reject that any student
should be bullied or harassed for any reason, and we teach
our son to treat all others with kindness and respect"); id.,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 543a ("We believe that all persons should be treated with
respect and dignity regardless of religion, race, sex, ethnic-
ity, gender identity, sexual orientation, or other
characteristics").
To the extent students make comments that may be hurt-
ful to classmates in the room, the guidance recommends
teachers discourage such behavior. If a student says,
"That's so gay," the guidance suggests a teacher may re-
spond: "Regardless of how it's intended, using gay to de-
scribe something negative refects a long history of prejudice
against LGBTQ+ people, so please don't use it in that way.... You may not have meant to be hurtful, but when you
use the word `gay' in any way outside of its defnition, it's
disrespectful." Id., at 634a. Similarly, if
a child says, "That's weird. He can't be a boy if he was born
a girl," the guidance encourages teachers to respond: "That
comment is hurtful; we shouldn't use negative words to talk
about peoples' identities." Id., at 630a.
 Cite as: (2025) 623

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

The majority reads these portions of the guidance to direct
teachers to "accuse [students] of being `hurtful' when they
express" "confusion" based on their religious views. Ante,
at 555. The majority
only reaches that conclusion, however, by omitting portions
of the student commentary to which the teachers are re-
sponding in the guidance. See id., at 630a, 634a (omitting
"[t]hat's so gay" and "[t]hat's weird"). Those excised state-
ments, the majority should presumably agree, could be hurt-
ful to students in the classroom and thus warrant discourage-
ment. Ibid.
Comments like that, moreover, are sadly not uncommon in
the Nation's school system today. In a recent study, "the
overwhelming majority" of LGBTQ students reported hear-
ing homophobic language used by their peers, including
"that's so gay," "dyke," "faggot," and "tranny." J. G. Kos-
ciw, C. Clark, & L. Menard, GLSEN, The 2021 National
School Climate Survey: The Experiences of LGBTQ+ Youth
Page Proof Pending Publication
in Our Nation's Schools xv -- xvi (2022). Over two-thirds of
LGBTQ students, moreover, reported feeling unsafe at
school because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Ibid. Numerous other studies have found similar trends.
See Brief for State of Maryland et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 8,
and nn. 7 -- 17 (collecting additional studies).
The Board's guidance to teachers thus simply seeks to an-
ticipate the kinds of diffcult interactions that might arise in
response to greater inclusivity toward LGBTQ students.13
If that is suffcient to render classroom instruction "coer-
cive," ante, at 554, then mutual tolerance and respect may
no longer have a place in public schools.14

13
The majority apparently misses the foregoing in claiming that the
dissent "ignores" the Board's teacher guidance. Ante, at 556.
14
Justice Thomas views the Board's LGBTQ-inclusive program as
designed to enforce "ideological conformity." Ante, at 588 (concurring
opinion). If there is any conformity that the Board seeks to instill, it is
624 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

The majority and concurrence also draw on news articles
about comments that a Board member apparently made to
reporters. See ante, at 539 (majority opinion); ante, at 588 -- 
589 (opinion of Thomas, J.). All Members of the majority
have recognized before, however, that "statements by indi-
vidual legislators" and members of similar decisionmaking
entities are not appropriately attributed to the entire body.
NLRB v. SW General, Inc., (2017); see also
Trump v. Hawaii, (2018); Dobbs, 597 U. S.,
at 253 -- 254 ("Even when an argument about legislative mo-
tive is backed by statements made by legislators who voted
for a law, we have been reluctant to attribute those motives
to the legislative body as a whole. `What motivates one leg-
islator to make a speech about a statute is not necessarily
what motivates... others to enact it' "). The statement by
this individual Board member, apparently made outside any
offcial proceeding, should not be treated differently, particu-
larly in light of the Board's consistent commitment to foster-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing mutual respect and civility, refected in its offcial policies
and guidance. See, e. g., App. to Pet. for Cert. 581a -- 589a,
669a -- 675a.15

universal acceptance of kindness and civility. Justice Thomas can claim
otherwise only by attributing to the Board a few selectively excerpted
statements of individual Board members. See infra this page, and.
That approach is inconsistent with the views Justice Thomas has taken
elsewhere. See ibid.
15
The majority and concurrence describe the Board member as "sug-
gest[ing] that the objecting parents were comparable" to " ` "white su-
premacists" ' " and " ` "xenophobes." ' " Ante, at 539 (majority opinion);
ante, at 589 (opinion of Thomas, J.). The full quote, however, indicates
the member intended to express concern about the potential administra-
tive implications of having to accommodate opt-out requests from other
hypothetical parents. See E. Espey, Parents, Students, Doctors React to
MCPS Lawsuit Targeting LGBTQ+ Storybooks, Bethesda Magazine, June
2, 2023, https:// bethesdamagazine.com/2023/06/02/parentsstudents-doctors-
react-to-mcps-lawsuit-targeting-lgbtq-storybooks ("Do [the petitioners] re-
alize it would be an impossible disruption to the school system if teachers
had to screen the content they plan to teach every day and send out notices
 Cite as: (2025) 625

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Lastly, the majority is, of course, right to observe that not
all parents can afford to send their children to private reli-
gious schools or to provide for homeschooling. See ante, at
560 -- 561. Yet for public schools to function, it is inescapable
that some students will be exposed to ideas and concepts
that their parents may fnd objectionable on religious
grounds. Indeed, this Court has long recognized that real-
ity. See Lee v. Weisman, (1992) (observing
students may be "expos[ed]" or "subjected during the course
of their educations to ideas deemed offensive and irreli-
gious"). To presume that public schools must be free of all
such exposure is to presume public schools out of existence.

IV
Not content to invent a new standard for free exercise bur-
dens, the majority goes on to consider an issue beyond the
question presented and unaddressed by the Fourth Circuit
below: whether the alleged burden in this case is "constitu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tionally permitted." Ante, at 563.
That decision runs roughshod over the Court's procedural
practices. "As a general rule," this Court "do[es] not decide
issues outside the questions presented by the petition for
certiorari," Glover v. United States, (2001),
and it is fundamental to this Court's role in our Nation's judi-
cial system that "we are a court of review, not of frst view."
Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005).
The majority's exercise in judicial maximalism is not with-
out cost to our precedent, either. The majority recognizes,
as it must, that "the government is generally free to place
incidental burdens on religious exercise so long as it does
so pursuant to a neutral policy that is generally applicable."
Ante, at 564. That bedrock principle of free exercise doctrine
ensures that " `professed doctrines of religious belief ' " are
not " `superior to the law of the land,' " for an "individual's
so white supremacists could opt out of civil rights content and xenophobes
could opt out of stories about immigrant families").
626 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

religious beliefs [may not] excuse him from compliance with
an otherwise valid law" or policy (in this case, the Board's
generally applicable rule against opt outs based on any rea-
son). Employment Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore.
v. Smith, -- 879 (1990). The majority never-
theless proceeds to announce that "the character of the bur-
den" in this case "requires [it] to proceed differently." Ante,
at 564. Smith, the Court claims, "recognized Yoder as an
exception to the general rule," and "the burden in this case
is of the exact same character as the burden in Yoder."
Ante, at 564 -- 565.
The problem for the majority is that this is not what Smith
said. Smith recognized that "[t]he only decisions in which
we have held that the First Amendment bars application of
a neutral, generally applicable law to religiously motivated
action have involved not the Free Exercise Clause alone, but
the Free Exercise Clause in conjunction with other constitu-
tional protections." 494 U. S., at 881. Only in such "hybrid
Page Proof Pending Publication
situation[s]" does the Court set aside its neutral and gener-
ally applicable inquiry. Id., at 882. Yoder, the Smith Court
explained, was such a hybrid rights case because the parents
relied on both their substantive due process rights to "direct
the education of their children" and the Free Exercise
Clause. 494 U. S., at 881, and (discussing Yoder). Here,
however, the Court's analysis makes no mention of substan-
tive due process rights or the Fourteenth Amendment Due
Process Clause. It instead asserts, simply, that "the burden
in this case is of the exact same character as the burden in
Yoder." Ante, at 565. But saying so does not make it so.
To the contrary, as detailed above, the burden asserted in
this case is vastly different from that identifed in Yoder.
See supra, at 605 -- 609.
Finally, the Court's application of strict scrutiny itself only
underscores the folly of its new approach. Under strict
scrutiny, the government bears the burden of demonstrating
that its policy "advances `interests of the highest order' and
is narrowly tailored to achieve those interests." Fulton v.
 Cite as: (2025) 627

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Philadelphia, (2021) ). The Court acknowledges that schools "have a `com-
pelling interest in having an undisrupted school session con-
ducive to the students' learning.' " Ante, at 566 ). It
concludes the Board's policy permitting no opt outs, however,
is not narrowly tailored to that interest. Ante, at 566 -- 569.
The Court notes that the Board permits opt outs from the
"Family Life and Human Sexuality" program, a discrete
health-education unit that MCPS offers in accordance with
Maryland law. See ante, at 567; Code of Md. Regs., tit. 13A.18.01(C)(1)(c), (D)(2) (2019). "If the Board can struc-
ture the `Family Life and Human Sexuality' curriculum to
more easily accommodate opt outs, it could structure instruc-
tion concerning the `LGBTQ+-inclusive' storybooks simi-
larly," the Court asserts. Ante, at 567.
That misguided assessment illustrates perfectly why
Page Proof Pending Publication
judges should not be tasked with second-guessing questions
of school administration. The Court assumes, with no "spe-
cialized knowledge and experience" in the feld of "educa-
tional policy," Rodriguez, 411 U. S., at 42, that MCPS can
simply create a new unit of instruction on these particular
Storybooks and thereby resolve any undue administrative
burdens from managing opt outs. Ante, at 567; see also
ante, at 590 -- 592 (Thomas, J., concurring) (making this same
point). What the majority elides, however, is that its ruling
is not limited to a set of fve storybooks. It applies, ex-
pressly, to "any other similar book," ante, at 569, an amor-
phous category the Court declines to defne, but which will
presumably include all other books that contain "subtle"
messages on gender and sexuality, even not involving
LGBTQ characters, that the parents here (and others in the
future) might fnd objectionable, ante, at 552.
The logic of the Court's ruling will also apply to countless
other topics, interactions, and activities that may confict
with a parent's religious preferences. What of the parent
628 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

who wants his child's curriculum stripped of any mention of
women working outside the home, sincerely averring that
such activity conficts with the family's religious beliefs? It
blinks reality to suggest that the simple solution for schools
is to create new discrete units of instruction to cover any set
of material to which a parent objects. The Court's analysis
thus refects, all too well, the "obvious fact that courts are
not school boards or legislatures, and are ill-equipped to de-
termine the `necessity' of discrete aspects of a State's pro-
gram of compulsory education." Yoder, 406 U. S., at 235.16
What is more, the point of the Board's program is to en-
sure that diverse groups of students are represented in read-
ing materials across the curriculum. The Board cannot ac-
complish that purpose simply by consolidating all books
involving LGBTQ characters into a single inclusivity hour
and allowing opt outs, as the majority appears to believe.
Ante, at 567. That approach would emphasize difference
rather than sameness and foster exclusion rather than inclu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sion. The point of inclusivity is to use books representing a
diversity of identities and viewpoints the same way one
might use any other book, communicating that one's LGBTQ
16
Justice Thomas goes yet further. He argues that the strict scrutiny
analysis should require schools to identify a "history and tradition" of
teaching the relevant subject or material. Ante, at 581 (concurring opin-
ion); see ante, at 581 -- 584 (faulting the Board for failing to demonstrate a
history and tradition of "LGBTQ+-inclusive" teaching). That approach
fails to appreciate the constantly evolving nature of education. Classes
on computer literacy, robotics, and flm studies, to take just a few exam-
ples, are modern developments. In the early 19th century, moreover, "the
common curriculum usually included a handful of elementary subjects,"
such as "reading, writing, and arithmetic." W. Reese, America's Public
Schools 28 (2005). Under Justice Thomas's test, it appears, schools may
have no compelling interest in teaching anything beyond those topics. It
is not clear, either, how far back Justice Thomas would have courts look.
Should courts limit their inquiry to the founding era or the 19th century
for guidance on which topics schools have a suffciently compelling interest
in teaching for purposes of this "history and tradition" test? It is incon-
ceivable that learning should be shackled to a moment in time.
 Cite as: (2025) 629

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

classmates should be treated in the same manner as anyone
else.
* * *
Today's ruling threatens the very essence of public educa-
tion. The Court, in effect, constitutionalizes a parental veto
power over curricular choices long left to the democratic
process and local administrators. That decision guts our
free exercise precedent and strikes at the core premise of
public schools: that children may come together to learn not
the teachings of a particular faith, but a range of concepts
and views that refect our entire society. Exposure to new
ideas has always been a vital part of that project, until now.
The reverberations of the Court's error will be felt, I fear,
for generations. Unable to condone that grave misjudg-
ment, I dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication
630 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

APPENDIX
App. to Pet. for Cert. 279a, 281a -- 305a

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 631

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
632 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 633

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
634 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 635

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
636 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 637

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
638 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 639

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
640 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 641

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
642 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 643

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
644 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 645

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
646 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 647

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
648 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 649

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
650 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 651

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
652 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 653

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
654 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Cite as: (2025) 655

Appendix to opinion of Sotomayor, J.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
Page Proof Pending Publication
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 525, line 2: "us" is changed to "this Court"
p. 526, line 19: "Md. Educ. Code Ann." is inserted after "afford."
p. 535, line 4: "to" is deleted
p. 542, line 6 from bottom: "her" is inserted before "parents"
p. 553, line 18: "to" is deleted
p. 587, line 2 from bottom: "as the" is changed to "as a"
p. 606, line 15: "the" is inserted before "eighth"
p. 614, line 19: "other" is deleted
p. 620, line 5 from bottom: "permit" is changed to "allow"

============================================================

JUSTICE ALITO delivered the opinion of the Court.
A party seeking relief from an allegedly void judgment
may file a motion under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure
60(b)(4). Rule 60(c)(1) requires parties to make Rule 60(b)
motions within a "reasonable time." We hold that this time
limit applies to a motion alleging that a judgment is void.
I
Vista-Pro Automotive, LLC, entered bankruptcy in 2014.
As part of its bankruptcy litigation, Vista-Pro initiated ad-
versarial proceedings against Coney Island Auto Parts Un-
limited, Inc., to collect $50,000 in allegedly unpaid invoices.
Vista-Pro attempted to serve process on Coney Island by
mail, but in doing so, it purportedly failed to comply with
the mail-service requirements in Federal Rule of Bank-
ruptcy Procedure 7004(b)(3).
Coney Island did not file an answer in the adversarial
proceedings, and the Bankruptcy Court entered a default
judgment against the company in 2015. Over the next six
years, Vista-Pro's bankruptcy trustee attempted to enforce
2 CONEY ISLAND AUTO PARTS UNLIMITED, INC. v.
BURTON
Opinion of the Court

that judgment against Coney Island. As part of these ef-
forts, the trustee sent a demand letter to the company's
CEO in April 2016. Lower courts concluded that this letter
gave Coney Island notice of the judgment and the trustee's
enforcement efforts.
These efforts bore fruit in 2021 when a marshal seized
funds from Coney Island's bank account in satisfaction of
the judgment. In response, Coney Island filed a motion to
vacate the judgment under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure
60. According to Coney Island, Vista-Pro's failure to make
proper service rendered the judgment void.
The Bankruptcy Court denied relief. It held that Coney
Island failed to abide by Rule 60's requirement that parties
make motions for relief within a "reasonable time." The
District Court and Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
affirmed. We granted certiorari to resolve a split of author-
ity on whether Rule 60's reasonable-time limit applies to
motions seeking relief from allegedly void judgments.1 605
U. S. ___ (2025).
II
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 60 permits a court to "re-
lieve a party... from a final judgment, order, or proceed-
ing," and subdivision (b)(4) specifically authorizes a court to

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Compare In re Vista-Pro Automotive, LLC, 109 F. 4th 438, 444 (CA6

2024) (case below), with Austin v. Smith, 312 F. 2d 337, 343 (CADC
1962); V. T. A., Inc. v. Airco, Inc., 597 F. 2d 220, 224, and (CA10
1979); Rodd v. Region Constr. Co., 783 F. 2d 89, 91 (CA7 1986); Hertz
Corp. v. Alamo Rent-A-Car, Inc., 16 F. 3d 1126, 1130 (CA11 1994); Sea-
Land Serv., Inc. v. Ceramica Europa II, Inc., 160 F. 3d 849, 852 (CA1
1998); United States v. One Toshiba Color Television, 213 F. 3d 147, 157 -- 
158 (CA3 2000) (en banc); Jackson v. FIE Corp., 302 F. 3d 515, 523 (CA5
2002).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

grant relief from a "void" judgment.2 Parties may seek re-
lief under Rule 60 by filing a motion with the court.
Rule 60 also imposes a time limit for such motions. Rule
60(c)(1) provides that a "motion under Rule 60(b) must be
made within a reasonable time." Because a motion for relief
from an allegedly void judgment is a "motion under Rule
60(b)," the reasonable-time limit applies. Accord, Kemp v.
United States, (2022) ("All [Rule 60(b)
motions] must be filed 'within a reasonable time' ").
The structure of Rule 60 confirms what the plain text of
subdivision (c)(1) provides. When Rule 60 modifies the de-
fault reasonable-time limit, it does so expressly. For exam-
ple, Rule 60(c)(1) imposes a 1-year limit on Rule 60(b) mo-
tions alleging mistakes, new evidence, or fraud. Thus, one
would expect Rule 60 to include an analogous provision if a
special, unlimited-time principle applied to motions alleg-
ing voidness. Cf. Kemp, 596 U. S., at 534 -- 535. But the Rule
does not.
Coney Island, several Courts of Appeals, and a promi-
nent treatise nonetheless maintain that Rule 60(c)(1)'s
reasonable-time limit does not apply to motions alleging
voidness. See, supra; 11 C. Wright, A. Miller, & M.
Kane, Federal Practice and Procedure, pp. 431 -- 433
(3d ed. 2012). These authorities acknowledge that their in-
terpretation clashes with Rule 60's text. See, e.g., Sea-Land
Serv., Inc. v. Ceramica Europa II, Inc., 160 F. 3d 849, 852
(CA1 1998). But relying on the generally accepted maxim
that a "void judgment is a legal nullity," United Student Aid
Funds, Inc. v. Espinosa, (2010), they ar-
gue that the passage of time cannot turn such a nullity into
an enforceable judgment. See, e.g., Austin v. Smith, 312
F. 2d 337, 343 (CADC 1962).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Rule 60 governs motions to set aside default judgments, Fed. Rule

Civ. Proc. 55(c), including those issued in bankruptcy proceedings, Fed.
Rules Bkrtcy. Proc. 7055 and 9024.
4 CONEY ISLAND AUTO PARTS UNLIMITED, INC. v.
BURTON
Opinion of the Court

This argument cannot bear the weight that Coney Island
and others have placed on it. Even if the passage of time
cannot cure voidness, the same principle holds true for most
legal errors. Nevertheless, statutes and rules routinely
limit the time during which a party can seek relief from a
judgment infected by error. Therefore, a party in Coney Is-
land's position would need to show that some principle of
law, such as the Due Process Clause, gives a party the right
to allege voidness at any time.
Coney Island disclaims any such argument, and we can-
not divine any principle requiring courts to keep their doors
perpetually open to allegations of voidness. Giving a party
a "reasonable" time to seek relief from an allegedly void
judgment may well be all that due process demands. By
contrast, the argument that a party may allege voidness at
any time, if taken to its logical conclusion, would have ex-
treme implications. For example, if a federal district court
erroneously concluded that it possessed subject-matter ju-
risdiction and proceeded to enter a judgment, the adversely
affected party could wait as long as it wanted before filing
a notice of appeal. But see Fed. Rule App. Proc. 4(a)(1).
Similarly, if a federal court of appeals erroneously asserted
subject-matter jurisdiction, the adversely affected party
would not be required to comply with the deadline for filing
a petition for a writ of certiorari imposed by this Court's
Rule 13. It is hard to accept the proposition that due pro-
cess requires such a regime.3

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR contends that we should abstain from addressing

any potential due-process considerations. Post, at 1 (opinion concurring in
judgment). Although Coney Island disclaims any constitutional argu-
ment, it cites a longstanding consensus of authority holding that a party
may allege voidness at any time despite the contrary language in Rule
60. And the only possible basis for such a holding is a rule of constitu-
tional law that prevents the imposition of the Rule's reasonable-time re-
quirement.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

Coney Island maintains that the alleged defect in this
case -- failure to perform proper service -- is different from
other legal errors that might render a judgment void.4 Co-
ney Island emphasizes that when a party does not receive
proper service, it might not learn about the proceedings un-
til long after the judgment issues. But this possibility does
not help Coney Island's position. Rule 60(c)(1) accommo-
dates such a scenario by imposing a reasonable-time re-
quirement, rather than a fixed time limit. And in the con-
text of a default judgment, it might be reasonable for a
defendant not to seek relief before learning about a plain-
tiff 's attempted enforcement.
Coney Island separately contends that courts have his-
torically allowed litigants to seek relief from void judgments
at any time. But the historical record is not so clear. To be
sure, courts have granted relief from void judgments long
after their entry, especially when the issuing court lacked
jurisdiction over the defendant. See, e.g., Harris v. Harde-
man, 14 How. 334, 338, 344 -- 346 (1853) (affirming a lower
court order that set aside a judgment 11 years after its is-
suance where the plaintiff did not make proper service and
the defendant did not appear). But there was no historical
consensus that a party could request such relief at any time.
Some courts, for instance, concluded that laches or other
time limits could bar relief, even when a litigant alleged
voidness. E.g., Stocking v. Hanson, 35 Minn. 207, 211 -- 212,
28 N. W. 507, 507 -- 508 (1886); Smith v. Jones, 174 Cal. 513,
515 -- 517, 163 P. 890, 890 -- 892 (1917). In any event, for Rule
60(b) motions, the Rule's "text and structure" take priority
over historical practice.5 See Honeycutt v. United States,
(2017).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 We express no view on whether the allegedly defective service in this

case would render the judgment void.
5 Rule 60(d) preserves parties' ability to obtain relief from a judgment

in limited ways other than through a Rule 60(b) motion. We express no
6 CONEY ISLAND AUTO PARTS UNLIMITED, INC. v.
BURTON
Opinion of the Court

Coney Island turns next to this Court's decision in Insur-
ance Corp. of Ireland v. Compagnie des Bauxites de Guinee,
(1982). There, we explained that a defendant
seeking to dispute personal jurisdiction is "always free to
ignore the judicial proceedings, risk a default judgment,
and then challenge that judgment... in a collateral pro-
ceeding." Id., at 706. Citing this sentence, Coney Island
argues that defendants need not comply with time limits
when alleging a lack of personal jurisdiction. But Insurance
Corp. also recognized that the "expression of legal rights is
often subject to certain procedural rules," and "the failure
to enter a timely objection" may result in the loss of a legal
right. Id., at 705. Thus, Insurance Corp. undermines Co-
ney Island's plea for no time limits.
Coney Island lastly invokes policy concerns, Rule 60's
drafting history, and the canon of constitutional avoidance.
To the extent that these interpretive tools carry any weight,
they do so only when a Rule's language is ambiguous. See
BP p.l.c. v. Mayor and City Council of Baltimore, (2021); Milner v. Department of Navy, (2011); Van Buren v. United States, -- 394 (2021). Here, the operative language clearly re-
quires parties to make Rule 60(b) motions within a reason-
able time.
III
Litigants seeking relief under Rule 60(b)(4) must comply
with Rule 60(c)(1) and file a motion within a reasonable
time. Coney Island does not contend that it complied with
this requirement. Therefore, we need not expound on
whether Coney Island's timing was reasonable. The judg-
ment of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit is affirmed.
It is so ordered.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
view regarding the limits applicable to obtaining relief through one of
those methods.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 808
_________________

CONEY ISLAND AUTO PARTS UNLIMITED, INC.,
PETITIONER v. JEANNE ANN BURTON,
CHAPTER 7 TRUSTEE FOR VISTA-PRO
AUTOMOTIVE, LLC
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT
[January 20, 2026]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, concurring in the judgment.
The Court today rightly holds that a Rule 60(b)(4) motion
to set aside a default judgment that is void for lack of per-
sonal jurisdiction must be made "within a reasonable time."
Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 60(c)(1). Rule 60's text and structure
require that conclusion, as the majority explains.
I concur in the judgment because the majority unneces-
sarily opines on the potential validity of a constitutional
challenge to the "reasonable time" limit under the Due Pro-
cess Clause. Ante, at 4. Coney Island did not make this
argument below and the Sixth Circuit did not pass upon it.
See In re Vista-Pro Automotive, LLC, 109 F. 4th 438, 443
(2024) ("Coney Island does not mount a constitutional at-
tack on Rule 60"). In this Court, Coney Island expressly
disclaimed any due process argument. See Brief for Peti-
tioner 22 ("To be clear, Coney Island does not contend that
Rule 60 or Rule 60(c)(1) [is] unconstitutional"). This Court
does "not generally entertain arguments that were not
raised below and are not advanced in this Court by any
party." Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc., (2014). There is no reason to depart from that practice
absent unusual circumstances, which certainly are not pre-
sent here.

============================================================

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring in the judgment.
To protect federal personnel and property in Illinois, the
President federalized about 300 National Guard members.
The State of Illinois sued, and as relevant here, the District
Court barred the President from deploying the Guard.
After the Seventh Circuit declined to stay the District
Court's order, the Government applied to this Court for a
stay. I agree with the Court's decision to deny the
Government's application for a stay, but I would do so on
narrower grounds.
To federalize the National Guard, the President first
must determine that he is "unable with the regular forces
to execute the laws of the United States." 10 U. S. C.
4 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in judgment. In my view, the statutory term "regular forces"
likely refers to the U. S. military, not to federal civilian law
enforcement officers. On the current record, however, it
does not appear that the President has yet made the
statutorily required determination that he is "unable" with
the U. S. military, as distinct from federal civilian law
enforcement officers, to ensure the execution of federal law
in Illinois. (The President of course would have great
discretion to make that determination, as the State itself
acknowledges. See Supp. Letter Reply Brief for
Respondents 7; Department of Navy v. Egan, -- 530 (1988).)
On that narrow ground, I would deny the Government's
application for a stay. We need not decide more, so I would
not decide more.
The Court goes further. The Court starts by concluding
that "regular forces" means the U. S. military. (As noted
above, I agree with that initial point.) From there, however,
the Court conducts a complicated and debatable statutory
analysis. The Court says that under the Government's
argument, "it is hard to see how performing those
functions" -- that is, protecting federal personnel and
property -- "could constitute 'execut[ing] the laws' under." Ante, at 3. On that premise, the Court further
states that "at least in this posture, the Government has
not carried its burden to show that permits the
President to federalize the Guard in the exercise of inherent
authority to protect federal personnel and property in
Illinois," ante, at 3 -- even if the President finds that he is
"unable" with the U. S. military to protect federal personnel
and property from harm.1

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The statute also separately authorizes the President to federalize the

National Guard if there is an "invasion" or "rebellion." 10 U. S. C.
-- (2).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in judgment

The Court's legal interpretation, as I understand it, could
lead to potentially significant implications for future crises
that we cannot now foresee. Consider a hypothetical
example. Suppose a mob rapidly gathers outside the U. S.
Courthouse in Philadelphia in response to an unpopular
decision (or to influence the outcome of a pending matter).
Suppose also that the mob is threatening to storm the
courthouse and attack the federal judges, prosecutors, and
other personnel inside, and to damage or burn down the
building, thereby preventing the execution of federal law.
Suppose further that U. S. military forces cannot readily
mobilize to deploy to the site in time, that the local police
and federal court security officers are outnumbered, and
that the President wants to federalize National Guard units
to protect the courthouse and the judges, prosecutors, and
other personnel. Under the Court's order today, even in
those circumstances the President presumably could not
federalize the National Guard under.2
Of course, that kind of hypothetical scenario does not
often arise, and we can hope that it will not arise in the
future. But the potential consequences, combined with the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 As I read it, the Court's opinion does not address the President's

authority under the Insurrection Act. See 10 U. S. C., 253.
Moreover, the Court's opinion does not address or purport to disturb the
President's long-asserted Article II authority to use the U. S. military (as
distinct from the National Guard) to protect federal personnel and
property and thereby ensure the execution of federal law. See 1 Supp.
Op. OLC 343 (1971) (W. Rehnquist). As Professor Goldsmith has
succinctly explained: "The protective power is the president's inherent or
independent Article II power to protect federal personnel, property, and
functions. The key point is that the president can assert the protective
power without reliance on Section 12406. He can deploy regular armed
forces without any need to federalize the Guard. Presidents often have."
J. Goldsmith, President Trump Holds the Legal Cards on the Use of the
Military in the Domestic Sphere, Executive Functions (Oct. 8, 2025).
One apparent ramification of the Court's opinion is that it could cause
the President to use the U. S. military more than the National Guard to
protect federal personnel and property in the United States.
6 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in judgment

novelty and difficulty of the statutory issues addressed by
the Court, underscore why I would not opine more broadly
than necessary to resolve this application.3
Before addressing those challenging and far-reaching
statutory questions at this stage of the case, I would have
at least invited further briefing and possibly also held oral
argument, either on the application itself or by granting
certiorari before judgment, akin to what the Court has done
on several recent occasions. See Trump v. CASA, Inc., (2025); Ohio v. EPA, (2024);
National Federation of Independent Business v. OSHA, (2022). As I have stated with respect to previous
interim applications of substantial import and difficulty,
the Court can help guard against mistakes or
misjudgments by employing additional process when
sufficient time is available -- recognizing, of course, that
time will not always be available. See Trump v. Boyle, 606
U. S. ___ (2025) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring); Trump v.
CASA, Inc., 606 U. S., at 876 (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring);
A.A.R.P. v. Trump, (2025) (KAVANAUGH,
J., concurring); Labrador v. Poe, -- 1129
(2024) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring).4
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Court's decision reflects only likely legal conclusions and comes

at a "preliminary stage." Ante, at 2. That said, the decision will
presumably be a form of precedent throughout the Federal Judiciary that
requires a temporary injunction (either a preliminary injunction or an
injunction pending appeal or certiorari) in like circumstances, unless and
until this Court reaches a contrary conclusion. See Trump v. Boyle, 606
U. S. ___ (2025); Trump v. CASA, Inc., (2025)
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring). The Court also emphasizes that the
Government has failed to carry its "burden." Ante, at 3. In this context,
that statement seems to convey the truisms that, in future litigation, the
Court could reconsider its view of the law or the Government might seek
to advance new or different arguments.
4 The State's opposition to deployment of the National Guard appears

to stem in part from the State's underlying objections to the activities of
federal immigration officers when they make immigration stops and
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in judgment

In sum, I vote to deny the application but would do so on
narrow grounds and, at this time, would not reach the
broader statutory issues addressed by the Court.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
arrests in Illinois. The State and the Government disagree about
whether the immigration officers have violated the Constitution in
making certain immigration stops and arrests. The basic constitutional
rules governing that dispute are longstanding and clear: The Fourth
Amendment requires that immigration stops must be based on
reasonable suspicion of illegal presence, stops must be brief, arrests must
be based on probable cause, and officers must not employ excessive force.
Moreover, the officers must not make interior immigration stops or
arrests based on race or ethnicity. Cf. Whren v. United States, (1996) ("[T]he Constitution prohibits selective enforcement of
the law based on considerations such as race"). This application does not
require us to delve into the parties' underlying dispute and to determine
whether any particular immigration encounter or series of encounters in
Illinois has violated those basic constitutional principles.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A443
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. ILLINOIS, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[December 23, 2025]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins, dis-
senting.
" 'In our adversarial system of adjudication, we follow the
principle of party presentation.' " Clark v. Sweeney, 607
U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (per curiam) ). If a party passes up what seems to us a promising
argument, we do not assume the role of advocate. Instead,
we normally decide the questions that the parties choose to
present.
In this case, the Court has unnecessarily and unwisely
departed from standard practice. It raised an argument
that respondents waived below, and it now rules in re-
spondents' favor on that ground. To make matters worse,
the Court reaches out and expresses tentative views on
other highly important issues on which there is no relevant
judicial precedent and on which we have received scant
briefing and no oral argument.
First, the Court suggests that the principal statutory pro-
vision involved in the case, 10 U. S. C., contains
a restriction that has no grounding in the statutory text,
namely, that "unable with the regular forces to execute the
laws of the United States" actually means "unable with the
regular forces to execute the laws of the United States for
reasons other than the lack of lawful authority to do
2 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

so." The Court in effect adds new language to the text Con-
gress enacted.
Second, the Court implicitly suggests that does
not constitute an "Act of Congress" within the meaning of
that phrase in the Posse Comitatus Act.. That is a
surprising conclusion, to say the least.
Third, the Court expresses the tentative view that the
phrase "execute the laws of the United States" in 
does not include "protective functions" so that even if the
National Guard is properly deployed under that provision,
it may not be given the task of preventing potentially lethal
attacks on civilian federal law enforcement officers or the
takeover or destruction of Government facilities. According
to the Court's apparent reasoning, National Guard mem-
bers may enforce the immigration laws by, for example, ar-
resting and processing aliens, but they may not perform the
protective functions for which they are better suited. That,
too, is surprising.
On top of all this, the Court fails to explain why the Pres-
ident's inherent constitutional authority to protect federal
officers and property is not sufficient to justify the use of
National Guard members in the relevant area for precisely
that purpose.
I am not prepared at this point to express a definite view
on these questions, but I have serious doubts about the cor-
rectness of the Court's views. And I strongly disagree with
the manner in which the Court has disposed of this appli-
cation.
I
A
The key statutory provision in this case, 10 U. S. C., provides in relevant part that "[w]henever...
the President is unable with the regular forces to execute
the laws of the United States," he "may call into Federal
service members and units of the National Guard of any
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

State in such numbers as he considers necessary to... ex-
ecute those laws."
In the lower courts, the parties agreed that the phrase
"regular forces" means civilian federal law enforcement of-
ficers, not military service members. Respondents explic-
itly adopted this position in the District Court. That court
disagreed, but when the Government challenged this hold-
ing in the Seventh Circuit, respondents declined to defend
the lower court's interpretation, and the Seventh Circuit
did not reach the issue. The Government's stay application
in this Court asserted that any defense of the District
Court's interpretation had been waived, and respondents
did not dispute either that assertion or the correctness of
the Government's contention that "regular forces" means
federal civilian officers. Thus, the argument that "regular
forces" means the military was either waived or forfeited
three times over.
Ignoring this history, the Court ordered the parties to file
supplemental briefs on the meaning of "regular forces." Re-
spondents "[u]nderstandably... rode with an argument
suggested by" the Court and argued, for the first time and
contrary to their position below, that the "regular forces"
means the military. Sineneng-Smith, 590 U. S., at 379.
The majority now accepts this eleventh-hour argument.
"Nevermind that [respondents] had presented a contrary
theory of the case in the District Court." Id., at 380. For
the Court, respondents' "own arguments, differently di-
rected, fell by the wayside, for they did not mesh with" the
Court's own "theory of the case." Id., at 379.
We should decide this application based on the "party-
presented controversy." Id., at 380. That controversy cen-
tered on the District Court's holding that, contrary to the
President's determination, civilian federal law enforcement
officers were in fact able to execute federal laws in the Chi-
cago area. If the Court has doubts about the parties' inter-
pretation of the phrase "regular forces," it could assume for
4 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

the sake of argument that the parties' interpretation was
correct and proceed on that basis. The Court has done that
on many occasions. E.g., Warner Chappell Music, Inc. v.
Nealy, (2024) (assuming there is a dis-
covery rule for copyright claims); Financial Oversight and
Management Bd. for P. R. v. Centro de Periodismo Investi-
gativo, Inc., 346 (2023) ("assum[ing]
without deciding that Puerto Rico is immune from suit in
federal district court and that [a financial oversight board]
partakes of that immunity" because respondent "never ar-
gued" otherwise in the courts below); Wisconsin Legislature
v. Wisconsin Elections Comm'n, (2022)
(per curiam) (assuming without deciding that complying
with the Voting Rights Act is a compelling interest);
McDonough v. Smith, (2019) (assuming
without deciding that a due process fabricated-evidence
claim may be asserted under Rev. Stat., 42 U. S. C.
).
In this case, the Court has no good reason to stray beyond
the issues that the parties chose to present, and based on
those arguments, the Court should grant the application.
There is no basis for rejecting the President's determination
that he was unable to execute the federal immigration laws
using the civilian law enforcement resources at his com-
mand. In concluding otherwise, the District Court likely
committed both legal and factual error.
B
1
I will begin with the District Court's understanding of the
applicable law. The District Court held that a President is
"unable" to execute federal law within the meaning of 10
U. S. C. only if he is literally "incapable" of execut-
ing the law with the regular forces. App. to Application 23a.
That interpretation is implausible. If the term "regular
forces" means federal civilian law enforcement officers, that
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

ALITO, J., dissenting

interpretation would mean that the President would have
to conclude that the immigration laws could not be enforced
in Illinois even if all other federal law enforcement activi-
ties were put on hold and every federal law enforcement of-
ficer in the country -- including every FBI, DEA, Secret Ser-
vice, and ATF agent, every postal inspector and deputy
marshal, and all the law enforcement officers employed by
other agencies -- were transferred to that area and assigned
that task.
The District Court's interpretation would lead to even
more outlandish results if "regular forces" means the mili-
tary. In that case, a President could not call up the Na-
tional Guard to execute the laws in one locale unless all the
Nation's military forces, if transferred to the area in ques-
tion, would be incapable of executing the laws.
A less extreme interpretation of "unable" is much more
reasonable and consistent with the way the term is com-
monly used. In everyday speech, a person may say that he
or she is "unable" to perform an act simply because the ad-
verse consequences of performing that act would be unac-
ceptable. For example, an attorney might tell a trial court
judge that he or she is "unable" to start a trial on a partic-
ular day because the attorney is scheduled to argue a case
in this Court on that date and no other attorney could pre-
pare for the argument in time. That attorney would be ca-
pable of showing up for the trial on the day in question, but
the attorney's use of the term "unable" would be entirely
natural.
The District Court's interpretation of "unable" was im-
plausible for an additional reason: It seems to prohibit de-
ployment of the National Guard unless the President could
not execute the laws to even the slightest extent. The Dis-
trict Court took what it termed "a binary approach: ability
or not, capability or not." Id., at 68a. As the Ninth Circuit
has explained, however, "Section cannot plausi-
bly be read to mean that so long as some amount of
6 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

execution of the laws remains possible, the statute cannot
be invoked, regardless of how much execution of the laws
remains thwarted or how much personal danger federal
personnel face during operations." Newsom v. Trump, 141
F. 4th 1032, 1051 (2025). It is more reasonable to interpret
to means that a President is "unable" to execute
the laws when he is substantially impaired from doing so.
2
The District Court also erred in refusing to afford any def-
erence to the President's determination that calling up the
National Guard was needed to execute federal law. The
most directly relevant Supreme Court precedent suggests
that such a determination must be accepted by the courts.
In Martin v. Mott, 12 Wheat. 19, 28 (1827), a militia mem-
ber argued, among other things, that the standard for call-
ing up the militia under the law in force at the time had not
been met. See Act of Feb. 28, 1795, 1 Stat. 424. Section 1
of that law governed use of the militia when the country is
invaded or threatened with invasion, and, much like, authorized use of the militia when "the execu-
tion" of federal law is obstructed. Addressing the stand-
ard, Justice Story's opinion for the unanimous Court held
that "the authority to decide whether the exigency has
arisen... belongs exclusively to the President." 12 Wheat.,
at 30. "[H]is decision," the Court held, "is conclusive," and
therefore, application of the statute depends only on "his
own judgment of the facts." Id., at 30, 33; see also Luther
v. Borden, 7 How. 1, 43 -- 45 (1849) (reaffirming the holding
in Martin and the unreviewability of the President's deci-
sion to call up the militia).
The District Court gave no weight to this precedent. It
saw Martin as a relic, viewed its express holding as limited
to the particular facts of the case, and thought it had been
superseded by more recent political-question decisions.
Such treatment of a Supreme Court precedent that has
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

ALITO, J., dissenting

never been overruled, narrowed, or questioned by this
Court was inappropriate. See Mallory v. Norfolk Southern
R. Co., (2023).
Even if Martin does not dictate judicial acceptance of a
President's decision to call up the National Guard, both
that precedent and a humble appreciation of the role of a
single federal judge surely demanded that such a Presiden-
tial determination be given a modicum of deference. The
District Court afforded none.
For these reasons, the District Court appears to have mis-
understood what the law requires, and those legal errors
alone justify a stay.
C
Once the proper legal framework is recognized, the Pres-
ident's determination must almost certainly be sustained.
The Government's declarations show that U. S. Immigra-
tion and Customs Enforcement (ICE) operations in and
around Chicago have been the target of unprecedented sab-
otage and violence since June of this year. Hundreds of ri-
oters have converged at the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity facility in Broadview, Illinois, the only intake and
processing center for ICE operations in the Chicago area.
These rioters have been organized, gathering offsite and ar-
riving in vans, then getting picked up several hours later
by vans returning with new rioters. They have arrived
armed with shields, gas masks, protective padding, and
other tools for physical combat. And they have blocked en-
try and exit at the ICE facility, physically assaulted person-
nel attempting to enter or leave work, significantly dam-
aged the building, and vandalized both Government and
personally owned vehicles.
The resulting violence has endangered the lives of federal
personnel. Multiple rioters have been found with loaded
guns, some of them semi-automatic. Rioters have hit,
punched, and shoved officers; thrown bottles, rocks, and
8 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

tear gas canisters at officers; attempted to grab officers'
firearms and munitions; pulled gas masks and tear gas can-
isters off the officers' uniforms; targeted officers with bull-
horns and whistles that can cause permanent hearing loss;
aimed strobe lights and lasers at officers' faces; and shot
fireworks at officers. On more than a dozen occasions, one
rioter jumped on the hood of an incoming Government ve-
hicle, and another took up a position immediately behind
the vehicle. When the vehicle stopped, other rioters ran up
and slashed the vehicle's tires. As of early October, more
than 30 federal officers had suffered injuries, and multiple
officers had been hospitalized.
In a widely publicized event on October 4, a federal vehi-
cle carrying Border Patrol agents was boxed in on a public
road by 10 civilian vehicles, and 2 of those vehicles rammed
the Government vehicle. As the agents exited their vehicle,
one of the civilian vehicles was driven directly at an agent,
forcing the agent to fire in self-defense. Hundreds of rioters
then converged near the scene, throwing glass bottles and
other dangerous objects at the agents. A federal vehicle
sent to assist the besieged agents was itself rammed. Later
in the day, a federal van was surrounded by rioters who
slashed its tires, but no emergency assistance was available
because of damage done to other Government vehicles ear-
lier that day.
Even when not on duty, federal officers have been tar-
geted. They have been followed to their homes and "doxed."
Officers and their families have been threatened, and their
homes and vehicles have been vandalized. Criminal enter-
prises have offered bounties for kidnapping or murdering
immigration officers. More than 20 officers have had their
home addresses posted on social media, and posts have
called for officials to be shot and killed on sight.
Local police departments have provided insufficient as-
sistance. When the October 4 ramming incident was re-
ported to the Chicago Police Department, an internal
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

ALITO, J., dissenting

dispatch stated that "NO UNITS WILL RESPOND TO
THIS." On September 13, when rioters threw rocks,
slashed tires, and poured flour into a federal vehicle's gas
tank, ICE officers called the Broadview Police Department
three times to ask for assistance. The Broadview Police
never responded.
In sum, injuries, threats, vandalism, and harassment
have significantly impaired efforts to execute the laws. The
agencies have had to reallocate resources from enforcing
the immigration laws to the provision of security for offic-
ers, the Broadview facility, and other Government prop-
erty. Even if the President's assessment of the situation is
given no deference, these facts adequately show that federal
civilian offers were "unable to" execute the immigration
laws under what appears to be the correct understanding of
that standard.
D
The District Court disagreed but gave no good reason for
doing so. Respondents, as the parties seeking interim re-
lief, bore the burden of proof. See Winter v. Natural Re-
sources Defense Council, Inc., (2008). But
instead of evaluating whether respondents had borne their
burden, the District Court brushed aside the facts set out
in the Government's declarations (many of which were un-
disputed) based on two perceived weaknesses in those dec-
larations.
Neither of the District Court's criticisms justified the
wholesale dismissal of the Government's declarations. The
court's first criticism concerned the failure of two declar-
ants to acknowledge that grand juries had declined to indict
three of the individuals whose arrests were mentioned in
the declarations. The court saw the declarants' failure to
mention the grand juries' actions as evidence of mendacity.
But the court did not take into account the dates on which
the declarations were filed and the dates on which the
10 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

grand juries declined to indict, and it did not find that the
declarants were aware of the grand juries' actions. Unless
the declarants had such knowledge, however, there was no
ground for impugning their candor.
Second, the court suggested that the same declarants' de-
scriptions of the relevant events were exaggerated because
they had submitted similar declarations in another case in
which a different judge found that ICE officers had likely
violated protestors' First Amendment rights. But again,
more would have to be known before accepting this criti-
cism. What we do know is that the cited order in the First
Amendment case did not make any credibility findings and
did not discuss the Government's declarations at all, much
less find them false. See Chicago Headline Club v. Noem,
No. 1:25 -- cv -- 12173, (ND Ill., Oct. 9, 2025), ECF Doc. 43.
For these reasons, the validity of the District Court's two
criticisms is questionable, but even if they are taken at face
value, they cannot justify the court's wholesale refusal to
credit the declarations' uncontested description of serious
and continuous violence.
Nor can the District Court's decision be justified by con-
clusory statements in respondents' declarations about the
capability of state and local law enforcement to provide pro-
tection. E.g., App. to Application 43a; Decl. of Major D.
Orseno, No. 1:25 -- cv -- 12174, (ND Ill., Oct. 6, 2025), ECF
Doc. 13 -- 15. Such statements provided no reason to doubt
the occurrence of the incidents of violence described in the
Government's declarations. And there is an obvious differ-
ence between the capabilities of state and local police and
their willingness to assist. Thus, even if we assume that a
Presidential determination under is reviewable
and not entitled to any special deference, the District Court
erred in refusing to credit the unrefuted facts offered by the
Government. And those facts provide more than enough
support for the President's determination that he was
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

ALITO, J., dissenting

unable to enforce federal law in the Chicago area using fed-
eral civilian law enforcement officers.
II
Instead of abiding by the standard rule on party presen-
tation, the Court took it upon itself to raise the question
whether the parties' understanding of "regular forces" was
correct. And taking a cue from this Court, respondents
abandoned their position below and switched to the argu-
ment that the phrase "regular forces" refers to the military,
not civilian federal law enforcement. The Court tentatively
agrees with respondents' new argument, but even if that is
correct, it does not follow that the President exceeded his
lawful authority when he called the National Guard into
federal service to assist in executing federal law in Illinois.
A
Regardless of how the term "regular forces" is defined, the
President appears to have complied with the requirements
of. The provision asks whether the "President is
unable with the regular forces to execute the laws of the
United States." And the President said unequivocally that
he had "determined that the regular forces of the United
States are not sufficient to ensure the laws of the United
States are faithfully executed... in Chicago." Memoran-
dum for Secretary of War et al., No. 1:25 -- cv -- 12174 (ND
Ill.), ECF Doc. 62 -- 1, pp. 16 -- 17 (Presidential Memo). Not
only is this statement sufficient on its face, but under the
presumption of regularity, the Court must presume that
the President properly arrived at his determination. See
Martin, 12 Wheat., at 32 -- 33 ("When the President exercises
an authority confided to him by law, the presumption is,
that it is exercised in pursuance of law").
The majority does not explain why the President's decla-
ration falls short. Instead, it breezily concludes that a Pres-
ident's inability to execute the law cannot be established
12 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

unless "the military could legally execute the laws." Ante,
at 2. In effect, the Court adds new lan-
guage to the statute so that it now requires that a President
be "unable with the regular forces to execute the laws of the
United States for reasons other than the lack of lawful
authority to do so." We have no authority to add this new
language to the text Congress enacted.
The sole requirement set out in the text of is
that the President must be "unable with the regular forces
to execute the laws of the United States." That text says
nothing about the cause of the President's inability to exe-
cute the laws, and in ordinary usage, it is common to say
that a person is "unable to" perform an act when the obsta-
cle is a rule of law. For example, it would be natural to say
that a person who is fully capable of operating a motor ve-
hicle is nevertheless "unable to" drive to work because his
or her license has been suspended. Or, to take one more
example, it would be natural to say that a federal district
court is "unable to" adjudicate a case in which the plaintiff
sues a citizen of the same State under state law. See 28
U. S. C.. This use of the term "unable" would be en-
tirely appropriate even if the judge, as will almost certainly
be the case, is fully capable of handling such a case.
By the same token, if we apply the ordinary meaning of
"unable to" in a case involving, a President may
be "unable to" use the military to execute the laws due to
either practical or legal constraints.
B
Even if contained the extra requirement that
the Court adds, there would be reasonable grounds for con-
cluding that the President had authority to take the actions
at issue. Indeed, the Court seems to acknowledge as much.
It notes that the President invokes his "inherent constitu-
tional authority... to use the military to protect federal
personnel and property," ante, at 3, and it cites with
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

ALITO, J., dissenting

apparent approval a body of Office of Legal Counsel opin-
ions sanctioning this understanding of inherent Presiden-
tial power. Authority To Use Troops To Prevent Interfer-
ence With Federal Employees by Mayday Demonstrations
and Consequent Impairment of Government Functions, 1
Supp. Op. OLC 343, 343 -- 344 (1971) ; see also In re Neagle, -- 59, 67 (1890)
(recognizing an inherent authority to protect federal
judges); In re Debs, (1895) (recognizing
an inherent authority to protect highways for the passage
of interstate commerce and mail).
That is what happened here: The President authorized
the National Guard to "perform those protective activities
that the Secretary of War determines are reasonably neces-
sary to ensure the execution of Federal law in Illinois, and
to protect Federal property in Illinois." Presidential Memo.
17. Although the Court recognizes this inherent Presiden-
tial power, it does not explain why it is not sufficient to sat-
isfy the new element that the Court has added to.1
The Court seems to suggest that the Posse Comitatus
Act, 18 U. S. C., stands in the way of what the Presi-
dent did here, but that is puzzling. Does the Court mean to
suggest that the Posse Comitatus Act somehow limited a
President's inherent constitutional authority? That is cer-
tainly not Congress's view. See 6 U. S. C. (4) ("[B]y
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 If is triggered only when a President determines that he is

unable to execute the law by using the military, it is not easy to see how
a court could assess and reject such a determination. As discussed, ina-
bility under should likely be interpreted to require no more than
serious detrimental consequences, and therefore the statutory predicate
should likely be regarded as satisfied whenever the deployment of mili-
tary units for the purpose of executing the laws at home would have such
consequences. Assessing the impact of such a deployment would require
a survey and analysis of all the Nation's military needs, and only a Pres-
ident and those under his command are equipped to make such an as-
sessment.
14 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

its express terms, the Posse Comitatus Act is not a complete
barrier to the use of the Armed Forces for a range of domes-
tic purposes, including law enforcement functions, when
the use of the Armed Forces is authorized by Act of Con-
gress or the President determines that the use of the Armed
Forces is required to fulfill the President's obligations un-
der the Constitution to respond promptly in time of war,
insurrection, or other serious emergency"). And in any
event, the Posse Comitatus Act expressly permits the use of
the military to execute the laws when permitted by an Act
of Congress,2 and is of course part of such an Act.3
The Court finds the Posse Comitatus Act relevant largely
because the same phrase -- "to execute the laws" -- also ap-
pears in. The Court's reasoning appears to go as
follows. Under a position long taken by the Government,
the Posse Comitatus Act does not forbid the use of the mil-
itary for "protective functions." This must mean that the
performance of such functions does not constitute the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Act states: "Whoever, except in cases and under circumstances

expressly authorized by the Constitution or Act of Congress, willfully uses
any part of the Army, the Navy, the Marine Corps, the Air Force, or the
Space Force as a posse comitatus or otherwise to execute the laws shall
be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years, or both."
18 U. S. C..
3 I would not take for granted that the Posse Comitatus Act applies to

federalized National Guard units, another question that this Court has
never addressed. Indeed, the Act's enumeration of other military com-
ponents -- "the Army, the Navy, the Marine Corps, the Air Force, [and]
the Space Force" -- makes the omission of the National Guard quite no-
table. If, as the Court states, the term "regular forces" in likely
means the military, Congress clearly views the military and federalized
National Guard units as distinct entities. Otherwise, would non-
sensically say that the President may call up the National Guard when
the National Guard is unable to execute the laws. It is therefore not
obvious that the Posse Comitatus Act would ever apply to federalized
National Guard units, as opposed to the regular military. As 
makes clear, some of the laws and regulations governing "members of
the Regular Army or Regular Air Force" are not applicable to the Na-
tional Guard "when called into Federal service." 10 U. S. C..
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

ALITO, J., dissenting

execution of the laws. Section 12406(3) allows the use of
federalized National Guard members "to execute the laws."
Therefore, it follows that the National Guard may not be
used for protective functions.
The Court's reasoning rests on the presumption that a
phrase has the same meaning when it is used in closely re-
lated statutory provisions, but that presumption is not con-
clusive, and there are reasons to question its application
here. OLC's interpretation of the Posse Comitatus Act is
based heavily on the history and purpose of that Act, not
the ordinary meaning of the phrase "execute the laws,"
which easily encompasses protective functions. See 1 Supp.
Op. OLC, at 344 (examining the "history," "purpose," and
"desig[n]" of the Posse Comitatus Act). Moreover, one of
OLC's reasons for narrowly interpreting the Posse Comita-
tus Act's reach was to avoid intrusion on the President's in-
herent Article II powers and duties. See ibid. (noting the
"President's constitutional duty to protect [federal] func-
tioning" and "inherent authority to use troops, if necessary,
to carry out this duty"). Interpreting the phrase "execute
the laws" in in accordance with the ordinary mean-
ing of its terms would not pose any similar problem.
On the contrary, that interpretation would be consistent
with the way the phrase is used elsewhere. Under Article
II, of the Constitution, the President must "take Care
that the Laws be faithfully executed," and laws protecting
federal officers and property are not excepted. Nor do we
read the Insurrection Act, which authorizes the use of mili-
tia and armed forces to "enforce the laws," as preventing the
President from ordering troops to serve protective func-
tions. 10 U. S. C.. It is therefore entirely possible that
the phrase has different meanings in and the Posse
Comitatus Act, especially since what authorizes is
not the use of the regular military but the National Guard.
We should not hastily dismiss that possibility because in-
terpreting in the way the Court suggests would
16 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

have very strange consequences that Congress is unlikely
to have intended. Under the Court's interpretation, Na-
tional Guard members could arrest and process aliens who
are subject to deportation, but they would lack statutory
authorization to perform purely protective functions.
Our country has traditionally been wary of using soldiers
as domestic police, but it has been comfortable with their
use for purely protective purposes. The Court's interpreta-
tion of assumes that Congress meant for that pro-
vision to turn this approach on its head.
* * *
In conclusion, the Court should have decided this appli-
cation based on the arguments the parties chose to present,
and on that basis should have granted a stay. Injecting an-
other issue into the matter was unwise, and suggesting
views on a host of important questions without adequate
briefing, consideration, or explanation is imprudent.
Whatever one may think about the current administra-
tion's enforcement of the immigration laws or the way ICE
has conducted its operations, the protection of federal offic-
ers from potentially lethal attacks should not be thwarted.
I therefore respectfully dissent.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A443
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. ILLINOIS, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[December 23, 2025]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, dissenting.
This case touches on sensitive and gravely consequential
questions concerning what roles the National Guard and
U. S. military may play in domestic law enforcement. To be
sure, as the parties observe, Congress has supplied us with
some relevant statutory guidance in 10 U. S. C..
But, as my colleagues' writings attest, that statute raises
as many questions as it answers.
Take just some examples. Before calling up the National
Guard under, must the President be unable to
execute the laws merely with federal civilian law enforce-
ment personnel -- or must he be unable to do so even with
military troops? Is a Presidential declaration that he is un-
able with the regular forces to execute the law judicially re-
viewable -- and, if so, to what extent and under what stand-
ard? Does provide standalone authority
permitting the President to deploy the Guard, and how does
it interact with other statutes in the field, such as the Posse
Comitatus Act, 18 U. S. C., and the Insurrection Act,
10 U. S. C. -- 255? What, if any, inherent Article II
power does the President have to deploy the Guard to pro-
tect federal personnel or property, and how might that in-
form the interpretation of ? And if, as all parties
seem to assume, today's Guard is the successor to the mili-
tia of the founding era, how far can this inherent Presiden-
tial authority extend before it intrudes on Congress's
2 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

prerogative to decide when the militia may be used to exe-
cute the laws? See Art. I, cl. 15. If all those questions
were not fraught enough, an even graver one lurks here too:
When, if ever, may the federal government deploy the pro-
fessional military for domestic law enforcement purposes
consistent with the Constitution? See, e.g., Art. IV, ;
Amdt. 14,.
In the present posture of this case, I am not comfortable
venturing an answer to any of those questions. This Court
has never decided a case about the meaning of,
let alone explored its interaction with other statutes in the
field or the Constitution. Nor do we have much help on
many of these matters from the parties' briefs before us, un-
derstandably given that this case comes to us in an inter-
locutory posture on a highly compressed schedule.
Under these circumstances, caution seems to me key, and
I would decide this application narrowly, based only on
those few arguments the parties preserved and the eviden-
tiary record as it stands. See United States v. Sineneng-
Smith, (2020). In their initial briefing
before this Court, the parties proceeded on the premise that
statutorily permits the President to call up and
deploy the National Guard when he is unable to execute
federal law with civilian federal law enforcement officials.
Proceeding on that same premise, I believe the declarations
federal law enforcement officials submitted below support
the grant of a stay for substantially the reasons given in
Parts I -- A, B -- 1, C, and D of JUSTICE ALITO's opinion. See
ante, at 2 -- 11. But I would hazard no opinion beyond that,
leaving instead all the weighty questions outlined above for
another case where they are properly preserved and can re-
ceive the full airing they so clearly deserve.

============================================================

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS and
JUSTICE GORSUCH join, concurring in the grant of the ap-
plication for stay.
I join the order issued by the Court. Texas needs cer-
tainty on which map will govern the 2026 midterm elec-
tions, so I will not delay the Court's order by writing a de-
tailed response to each of the dissent's arguments. Instead,
I offer two short points which for me are decisive.
First, the dissent does not dispute -- because it is indis-
putable -- that the impetus for the adoption of the Texas
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

ALITO, J., concurring

map (like the map subsequently adopted in California) was
partisan advantage pure and simple.
Second, the clear-error standard of review does not apply
here because the " 'trial court base[d] its findings upon a
mistaken impression of applicable legal principles.' " Alex-
ander v. South Carolina State Conference of the NAACP,
(2024). Because of the correlation between
race and partisan preference, litigants can easily use claims
of racial gerrymandering for partisan ends. Cooper v. Har-
ris, (2017) (ALITO, J., concurring in judg-
ment in part and dissenting in part). To prevent this, our
precedents place the burden on the challengers "to disen-
tangle race and politics." Alexander, 602 U. S., at 6. Thus,
when the asserted reason for a map is political, it is critical
for challengers to produce an alternative map that serves
the State's allegedly partisan aim just as well as the map
the State adopted. Id., at 34; Easley v. Cromartie, (2001). Although respondents' experts could have
easily produced such a map if that were possible, they did
not, giving rise to a strong inference that the State's map
was indeed based on partisanship, not race. Neither the
duration of the District Court's hearing nor the length of its
majority opinion provides an excuse for failing to apply the
correct legal standards as set out clearly in our case law.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

KAGAN, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A608
_________________

GREG ABBOTT, ET AL. v. LEAGUE OF UNITED LATIN
AMERICAN CITIZENS, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[December 4, 2025]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting from the grant of the ap-
plication for stay.
Over the course of three months, a three-judge District
Court in Texas undertook to resolve the factual dispute at
issue in this application: In enacting an electoral map
slanted toward Republicans, did Texas predominantly use
race to draw its new district lines? Or said otherwise, did
Texas accomplish its partisan objectives by means of a ra-
cial gerrymander? The District Court conducted a nine-day
hearing, involving the testimony of nearly two dozen wit-
nesses and the introduction of thousands of exhibits. It
sifted through the resulting factual record, spanning some
3,000 pages. It assessed the credibility of each of the wit-
nesses it had seen and heard in the courtroom. And after
considering all the evidence, it held that the answer was
clear. Texas largely divided its citizens along racial lines to
create its new pro-Republican House map, in violation of
the Constitution's Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments.
The court issued a 160-page opinion recounting in detail its
factual findings.
Yet this Court reverses that judgment based on its pe-
rusal, over a holiday weekend, of a cold paper record. We
are a higher court than the District Court, but we are not a
better one when it comes to making such a fact-based deci-
sion. That is why we are supposed to use a clear-error
2 ABBOTT v. LEAGUE OF UNITED LATIN
AMERICAN CITIZENS
KAGAN, J., dissenting

standard of review -- why we are supposed to uphold the
District Court's decision that race-based line-drawing oc-
curred (even if we would have ruled differently) so long as
it is plausible. Without so much as a word about that stand-
ard, this Court today announces that Texas may run next
year's elections with a map the District Court found to have
violated all our oft-repeated strictures about the use of race
in districting. Today's order disrespects the work of a Dis-
trict Court that did everything one could ask to carry out
its charge -- that put aside every consideration except get-
ting the issue before it right. And today's order disserves
the millions of Texans whom the District Court found were
assigned to their new districts based on their race. Because
this Court's precedents and our Constitution demand bet-
ter, I respectfully dissent.
I
Recall the state of the world last spring, before mid-
decade, overtly partisan redistricting (in both red and blue
States) became de rigueur. In those months, President
Trump and his political team urged Texas officials to re-
draw their House map, with the goal of creating more Re-
publican seats and protecting that party's vulnerable ma-
jority. The project was on no one's legislative agenda.
Texas officials had created a new map, per usual, in re-
sponse to the population shifts revealed in the 2020 census.
And those officials expected that the State's next map,
again per usual, would follow the 2030 count. A mid-decade
redistricting, absent some legal need, was then nearly un-
heard of. And although no one could challenge a partisan
gerrymander in court -- our decision in Rucho v. Common
Cause, (2019), saw to that -- voters could hold
those supporting it to political account. (Again, this was in
those innocent days -- prior to Texas's redistricting -- when
partisan gerrymanders seemed undemocratic or at least
unsavory, rather than a mark of political conviction or
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAGAN, J., dissenting

loyalty.) For those reasons (and perhaps for fear of dum-
mymandering too), the Trump Administration's campaign
for a new, partisan redistricting got little traction. See App.
to Application for Stay 2, 15 -- 17. On June 10, State Senator
Joan Huffman -- the sponsor of the 2021 map -- testified in a
judicial proceeding that the legislature was not considering
redrawing its map. See id., at 17. And on June 23, Gover-
nor Greg Abbott announced that he was calling a special
legislative session to address various matters -- but redis-
tricting was conspicuously not among them. Id., at 16.
With so little to show for its efforts, the Trump Admin-
istration switched tacks -- converting its political importun-
ing into a legal demand. On July 7, the Department of Jus-
tice's Civil Rights Division sent the Texas Governor and
Attorney General a letter -- to serve, it said, "as formal no-
tice" -- describing the office's "serious concerns regarding
the legality of four of Texas's congressional districts." Id.,
at 17. The letter focused on those districts' racial composi-
tion. Each was described as a "coalition district" -- meaning
a district in which two or more minority groups (say, Blacks
and Hispanics) can together form a majority and elect a can-
didate of their choice. (In racially diverse places like Texas,
such districts are not uncommon.) The letter stated -- quite
incorrectly (no one now tries to defend the proposition) -- 
that the creation of those districts was unlawful: "It is well-
established that so-called 'coalition districts' run afoul [of]
the Voting Rights Act and the Fourteenth Amendment."
Id., at 18. Accordingly, the letter maintained, they "must
now be corrected" -- "rectified immediately by [the] state
legislature." Ibid. The letter concluded that Texas should
bring its current districting scheme "into compliance" with
the (supposed) law, or else risk the U. S. Attorney General
"seek[ing] legal action against the State." Id., at 19.
With that letter, Texas's attitude changed. Once the Ad-
ministration's redistricting proposal came packaged as a le-
gal ultimatum to change various districts' racial
4 ABBOTT v. LEAGUE OF UNITED LATIN
AMERICAN CITIZENS
KAGAN, J., dissenting

composition, Texas embraced it. Two days after receiving
DOJ's letter, the until-then-reluctant Governor Abbott is-
sued a proclamation adding the following to the agenda for
the upcoming special legislative session: "Legislation that
provides a revised congressional redistricting plan in light
of constitutional concerns raised by the U. S. Department
of Justice." Id., at 30 -- 31. And in late August, the legisla-
ture enacted a new map -- one that both secured five more
Republican-leaning seats and "achieved all but one of the
racial objectives that DOJ demanded." Id., at 3. The map
"dismantled and left unrecognizable" the districts that
DOJ's letter had identified, along with several similar coa-
lition districts. Ibid. And it made three of those districts
into majority-Black or majority-Hispanic districts by the
smallest amount possible, with the majority in each coming
in at between 50.2 and 50.5 percent. Id., at 97.
II
The plaintiffs here challenged Texas's new map as a ra-
cial gerrymander, in violation of the Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth Amendments. They did not contest that politics mo-
tivated the Trump Administration's redistricting scheme,
or that politics made Republican state legislators glad to
vote for the map eventually developed. But it was race, the
plaintiffs argued, that gave the redistricting plan life -- by
enabling state officials to present it as a legal necessity ra-
ther than a partisan gambit. And most important, they con-
tended, it was race that mainly accounted for where the
new, Republican-friendly lines were drawn.
The law respecting a racial-gerrymander claim is well
settled. The Constitution forbids a State, absent a compel-
ling justification, from "separat[ing] its citizens into differ-
ent voting districts on the basis of race." Bethune-Hill v.
Virginia State Bd. of Elections, (2017).
To prove such racial sorting, the plaintiffs must show that
race was the "predominant factor motivating the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAGAN, J., dissenting

legislature's decision to place a significant number of voters
within or without a particular district." Alexander v. South
Carolina State Conference of the NAACP, 
(2024). They can do so through " 'direct evidence' of legisla-
tive intent, 'circumstantial evidence of a district's shape
and demographics,' or a mix of both." Cooper v. Harris, (2017) ). And notably here, nothing changes just
because the legislature has drawn race-based lines "in or-
der to advance [non-race-based] goals, including political
ones." Cooper, 581 U. S., at 291,. So it is unconstitu-
tional (sans a compelling interest) for "legislators [to] use
race as their predominant districting criterion with the end
goal of advancing their partisan interests." Id., at 308,.
Texas's only defense to the racial-gerrymander claim
here is that no such gerrymander happened. In other
words, Texas does not assert a compelling interest in draw-
ing lines based on race. Texas has never argued in this lit-
igation that the DOJ letter was right -- that it had to redis-
trict according to race in order to correct an existing legal
violation. And Texas of course does not contend that the
pursuit of partisan advancement is itself a compelling in-
terest. (It is not.) All Texas has ever said in response to the
plaintiffs' suit is that race had nothing to do with its redis-
tricting process. According to the State, its officials acted
only to protect Republican incumbents in the House and to
pick up another five predictably Republican seats. In par-
ticular, Texas says, racial data never entered into the line-
drawing process, even though the mapmaker had that data
available at the press of a key on his redistricting software.
Any striking racial features of the new map were mere hap-
penstance, Texas contends -- a coincidence born of the cor-
relation between race and partisan preference.
The District Court's task, then, was a singularly factual
one: It had to choose between the plaintiffs' "race predomi-
nated" account and the State's "race never entered the
6 ABBOTT v. LEAGUE OF UNITED LATIN
AMERICAN CITIZENS
KAGAN, J., dissenting

picture" story. To do so, it held a nine-day hearing during
which it heard from 23 witnesses, received into evidence
thousands of exhibits, and watched many hours of video
footage of legislators and Governor Abbott discussing the
proposed map as it was under consideration. After as-
sessing the credibility of the witnesses and weighing all the
competing evidence, the District Court decided that the
merits were "clearcut" in favor of the plaintiffs. App. 152.
True, the ultimate goal of Texas's redistricting was to pick
up Republican seats. But "[s]ubstantial evidence" revealed
that race predominated in the actual drawing of district
lines. Id., at 2. So, the District Court concluded, in acting
to advance partisan interests, "Texas racially gerryman-
dered the 2025 Map." Ibid.
In support of that conclusion, the District Court described
three kinds of direct evidence, cumulatively "strong," that
race had played a predominant role in redistricting. Id., at
59. First, "[w]hat triggered the redistricting process" was
the "Administration reframing the request" to do partisan
districting "in exclusively racial terms." Id., at 62. Here,
the crucial fact was the DOJ letter. That letter, to be sure,
did not specify exactly how Texas should "rectify" and "cor-
rect" its supposedly illegal coalition districts. Id., at 59.
But (the court explained) "there's only one way to remedy a
district whose only 'objectionable' characteristic is that no
single racial group constitutes a 50% majority": to "redraw
[the district] so a single racial group constitutes a 50% ma-
jority." Ibid. The DOJ letter thus "impos[ed] a 50% racial
target for Texas to meet when redrawing" certain districts.
Ibid. And it thereby "directed Texas to engage in racial ger-
rymandering." Ibid.
Second, the District Court described how the Governor
promptly "ask[ed] the Legislature to give DOJ the racial re-
balancing it wanted -- and for the reasons that DOJ cited."
Id., at 31. Although he had resisted redistricting for
months, it took the Governor just two days from receipt of
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the DOJ letter to add to the legislative agenda a proposal
for responding to the "constitutional concerns raised" about
certain districts' racial composition. Ibid.; see supra, at 3 -- 
4. And the court noted that, from that point on, the Gover-
nor consistently expressed support for the new map in those
same racial terms: as a means to convert coalition districts
into majority-Hispanic or majority-Black districts. See
App. 31 -- 34. In one interview, for example, he stated that
"we wanted to remove those coalition districts and draw
them in ways that, in fact, turned out to provide more seats
for Hispanics." Id., at 32; see also id., at 33, ("[W]e
want to make sure that we have maps that don't impose
coalition districts"; "we're able to take the people who were
in those coalition districts and make sure they are going to
be in districts that really represent the[ir] voting prefer-
ences"). And conversely, the District Court related, Gover-
nor Abbott consistently "rejected the idea that Texas was
redistricting to fulfill President Trump's demand for addi-
tional Republican districts." Id., at 64. The Governor main-
tained, for example, that the map drew Hispanic seats, not
Republican ones: "It just coincides it's going to be Hispanic
Republicans elected to those seats" given that more Hispan-
ics were "align[ing] with Republicans." Id., at 32; see also
id., at 34, (The "districts we are drawing, they would
be Hispanic districts" that just so "happen to be Hispanic
Republican districts").
And third, the District Court found that legislators, in-
cluding the redistricting bill's primary sponsors, repeatedly
spoke in the same way: They "suggest[ed] that they had in-
tentionally manipulated the districts' lines to create more
majority-Hispanic and majority-Black districts." Id., at 3.
The legislator who introduced the bill, for example, crowed:
"[W]e created four out of five new seats" to have a "Hispanic
majority. I would say that's great. That doesn't ensure that
a political party wins them, but the Hispanic -- four out of
five Hispanic majority out of those new districts -- that's a
8 ABBOTT v. LEAGUE OF UNITED LATIN
AMERICAN CITIZENS
KAGAN, J., dissenting

pretty strong message, and it's good." Id., at 73, ; see
also id., at 75, (another legislator boasting that "pre-
viously, Black voters in that district did not hold a majority,
but under [the new plan], they actually do"); id., at 76, (yet another legislator noting that one district was
"purposely altered to [be] a Black [Citizen Age Voting Pop-
ulation (CVAP)] majority district" and another was "pur-
posely changed to increase its Hispanic CVAP"). The Dis-
trict Court, in reviewing the legislative evidence, well
understood that partisan motivations underlay the new
plan. See, e.g., id., at 76. But the bill's backers, the court
explained, "strategized that a map that eliminated coalition
districts and increased the number of majority-Hispanic
and majority-Black districts would be more 'sellable' than a
nakedly partisan map." Ibid. Such a map would allow leg-
islators to "deny they were redistricting for purely partisan
reasons" and to gain more public support for the endeavor,
especially among Hispanic Texans. Ibid.
Circumstantial evidence, the court continued, confirmed
what the direct evidence showed: that race predominated in
the drawing of district lines. The new plan "fulfilled" al-
most all the racial goals "that DOJ and the Governor de-
sired"; indeed, the map dismantled even more coalition dis-
tricts than the DOJ letter had identified. Id., at 105; see
id., at 50. And most strikingly, the court noted, the map's
conversion of three of those coalition districts into majority-
Black or majority-Hispanic districts was accomplished by
the barest of margins -- half a percentage point or still less.
So, the District Court recounted, one district went from
25.6% to 50.3% Hispanic; another went from 38.8% to 50.5%
Black; and yet a third went from 46.0% to 50.2% Black. See
id., at 97. The court found it "very unlikely" that a map-
maker relying only on race-neutral criteria and using only
non-racial data would "have hit a barely 50% CVAP three
times by pure chance." Id., at 98. It was uncontested that
racial data came preloaded into the mapmaker's
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

KAGAN, J., dissenting

redistricting software, so he could look at it anytime he
wanted. The mapmaker testified to the court that he had
not done so. See id., at 91. But the court, noting that the
mapmaker was "well aware" of the DOJ letter -- indeed,
that he had been shown a draft by White House officials
before it was sent -- "question[ed] [his] veracity" and "dis-
credit[ed]" his testimony. Id., at 96, 98, 99. It was, the court
concluded, "far more plausible that [the mapmaker] had
both racial and partisan data turned on while drawing the
2025 Map and that he used the former to achieve the racial
targets that DOJ and the Governor had explicitly an-
nounced as he simultaneously used the latter to achieve his
partisan goals." Id., at 99.
And that conclusion was confirmed by expert testimony.
One of the expert witnesses testified that she had "gener-
ated tens of thousands of congressional maps that follow
traditional districting criteria and favor Republicans by
various metrics" -- in other words, that eschewed racial
goals and racial data. Id., at 127. The result? "[N]ot one of
them had racial demographics that looked anything like
those in the 2025 Map." Ibid. The expert's analysis thus
supported what the raw numbers (e.g., those three 50% dis-
tricts) showed: It was -- once again -- "highly unlikely" that
a legislature drawing a map based on "partisan and other
race-neutral considerations" would have arrived at the one
Texas enacted. Id., at 121.
Put all of that together -- the direct and circumstantial ev-
idence alike -- and the District Court's conclusion followed:
The plaintiffs were likely to succeed on their racial-gerry-
mandering claim. The desire for more Republican seats no
doubt motivated the redistricting project: It was, as this
Court has said, the officials' "end goal." Cooper, 581 U. S.,
at 308,. But the district lines drawn resulted predomi-
nantly "from the intentional manipulation of the districts'
racial makeup." App. 127. Race provided the excuse for the
partisan effort. And yet more critically, race provided the
10 ABBOTT v. LEAGUE OF UNITED LATIN
AMERICAN CITIZENS
KAGAN, J., dissenting

key means of implementing it. And that, the District Court
held, is a violation of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amend-
ments.
III
A
This Court owes, though today has not given, "significant
deference" to the District Court's marshaling and weighing
of so much evidence. Cooper, 581 U. S., at 293. You would
never guess it from the majority's order, but under this
Court's precedents, a district court's factfinding about elec-
toral districting -- "most notably, as to whether racial con-
siderations predominated in drawing district lines" -- is re-
versible "only for clear error." Ibid.; see Alexander, 602
U. S., at 18 (describing that test as "demanding"). Under
that standard, "we may not reverse just because we would
have decided the matter differently." Cooper, 581 U. S., at
293. If a district court's factual determination is " 'plausible'
in light of the full record -- even if another is equally or more
so" -- that determination "must govern." Ibid. ). And in
deciding what is thus "plausible," we must "give singular
deference to a trial court's judgment about the credibility of
witnesses." Cooper, 581 U. S., at 309. The district court
has conducted the hearing and knows the whole record. It
is better positioned than this Court to decide what evidence
to credit about the drawing of district lines.
Taking that standard seriously calls for denying Texas's
stay application. In its 160-page opinion, the District Court
marched methodically through the entirety of the trial rec-
ord. The court considered with care the evidence support-
ing Texas, as well as that supporting the plaintiffs. See,
e.g., App. 79 -- 104, 128 -- 134. The court explained each of the
credibility judgments it rendered -- noting, to take just one
example, how one witness's testimony conflicted with other
evidence, including another witness's testimony. See, e.g.,
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

KAGAN, J., dissenting

id., at 96 -- 99 (discussing the mapmaker's testimony). Ulti-
mately, the court weighed all the evidence and made find-
ings, summarized above, about how Texas's map was con-
structed. I do not say that those findings were inescapable;
a court coming out the opposite way could well have de-
served this Court's deference too. What they were -- and
this is the thing that matters on clear-error review -- is
plausible. It was "plausible" -- perfectly plausible "in light
of the full record" -- that Texas drew its new map mainly on
racial lines. Cooper, 581 U. S., at 293. (Indeed, I think -- 
though this is not necessary -- that the court's conclusion
was right.)
In asserting instead that the court's conclusion was "im-
plausible," Texas argues that because it was trying to "max-
imize partisan advantage," it would have relegated all ra-
cial considerations to the sidelines. Application 11. But
that claim is too simple by half, as this Court has previously
recognized. Because of the "strong correlation[s] between
race and voting behavior," we have explained, States may
well avail themselves of "race-based districting for ulti-
mately political reasons" -- that is, "to advance their parti-
san interests." Cooper, 581 U. S., at 319, ; see id., at
291,. So, for example, legislators may "think that a
proposed district is more 'sellable' as a race-based VRA com-
pliance measure than as a political gerrymander and will
accomplish much the same thing." Id., at 308,. That is
just what the District Court found that key Texas lawmak-
ers thought in creating and supporting the redistricting
plan. See App. 3, 76; see supra, at 8. The District Court
knew -- explained repeatedly -- that partisan motives lay be-
neath the new map. See, e.g., App. 2 -- 3, 76 -- 77. But so too
the court found that race was all over it. The lawmakers
created new Republican seats while -- indeed, by means of -- 
converting coalition districts into single-race majority-
minority districts. And once again, because that conclusion
12 ABBOTT v. LEAGUE OF UNITED LATIN
AMERICAN CITIZENS
KAGAN, J., dissenting

is "plausible in light of the full record," it "must govern."
Cooper, 581 U. S., at 293.
For its part, the majority complains -- just as wrongly -- 
that the District Court made a "serious error" in "fail[ing]
to honor the presumption of legislative good faith." Ante, at
1. That presumption is, to be sure, a well-settled part of our
districting law. Because of the complexity of electoral dis-
tricting, we have explained, the State's good faith must be
presumed "until a claimant makes a showing" of "race-
based decisionmaking." Miller, 515 U. S., at 915. But con-
tra the majority, the District Court properly extended
Texas that presumption. It explained that federal courts
"must exercise extraordinary caution in adjudicating"
racial-gerrymandering claims. App. 57. And it then stated what that caution en-
tails in much the same terms as today's majority uses:
When considering evidence that could support either a ra-
cial or a non-racial account of a districting action, the court
had to "draw the inference that cuts in the legislature's fa-
vor." App. 58 ; compare
ante, at 1 (calling for "ambiguous" evidence to be "con-
stru[ed]" in the legislature's favor). In line with that under-
standing, the District Court found that certain legislators'
statements were too ambiguous to "clear the presumption
of legislative good faith." App. 71 -- 72, and (again
quoting Alexander, 602 U. S., at 10). But other evidence,
direct and circumstantial alike, was not; and as all the rec-
ord evidence piled up, the court concluded that state offi-
cials "purposefully manipulated the districts' racial num-
bers." App. 77. Presumptions, after all, can be
simultaneously "honor[ed]" and overcome. Ante, at 1. And
so it was here, as the District Court assessed credibility and
found facts -- as, in the end, district courts must.
The majority likewise is wrong to say that the District
Court erred in "fail[ing] to draw a dispositive or near-
dispositive adverse inference" against the plaintiffs for
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

KAGAN, J., dissenting

their failure to "produce a viable alternative map" that met
the State's partisan goals without the enacted map's racial
features. Ante, at 1 -- 2. In fact, the District Court's treatment of the "alterna-
tive map" issue fully accords with our instructions in Alex-
ander -- a case which, like this one, involved the "disen-
tangl[ing]" of race and politics in redistricting. 602 U. S., at
6. We first stated in Alexander that the absence of a sub-
stitute map merits an adverse inference in a racial gerry-
mander case. See id., at 34 -- 35. And in line with that edict,
the District Court drew one. See App. 132. We next said in
Alexander that the inference thus drawn would be "dispos-
itive" (i.e., fatal) only some of the time. Alexander, 602
U. S., at 35. When would it be so? Alexander answered:
"The adverse inference may be dispositive in many, if not
most, cases where the plaintiff lacks direct evidence." Ibid.
The District Court quoted that language, and explained
why it did not force a dispositive inference here. In short,
because there was lots of direct evidence. See App. 132. Or
as the District Court stated more fully: "Unlike the chal-
lengers in Alexander, who 'provided no direct evidence of a
racial gerrymander,' the Plaintiff Groups here have pro-
duced substantial direct evidence indicating that race was
the predominant driver in the 2025 redistricting process."
Ibid.. So a racial ger-
rymander could be found, under Alexander's own terms, de-
spite the lack of a map. That is because the map's absence
does not make the direct evidence of race-based decision-
making go away.*
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*After explaining why the adverse inference was not dispositive in this
case, the District Court also speculated that it might not have had to
draw the inference at all because the case was at such an early stage.
App. 132. (Here, the court noted that the expert testimony suggested
that the plaintiffs would have had no trouble coming up with a map, so
that their failure to do so likely reflected a lack of time. See id., at 134.)
This Court has not specifically opined on that matter one way or another.
14 ABBOTT v. LEAGUE OF UNITED LATIN
AMERICAN CITIZENS
KAGAN, J., dissenting

What, then, does the majority think is wrong? One pos-
sibility lies in the word "near-dispositive" in today's order.
Ante, at 1. Perhaps the majority has a theory about why,
despite all the direct evidence, a "near-dispositive" infer-
ence was still appropriate? If so, that is made up for the
occasion. The word "near-dispositive" does not appear in
Alexander, which everyone agrees is the critical decision ad-
dressing alternative maps. Nor does that term appear in
any other of this Court's decisions respecting adverse infer-
ences (of any type). (Actually, the word appears only three
times in the whole U. S. Reports. See, e.g., Rogers v. Ten-
nessee, (2001) (Scalia, J., dissenting)
(referring to "[t]he near-dispositive strength Blackstone ac-
corded stare decisis" ).) So it is hardly surprising that the
District Court did not address whether a "near-dispositive"
inference was called for; and the court's "fail[ure]" to do so
can play no proper role in today's order. Ante, at 1 -- 2. The
remaining possibility -- no more excusable for an appellate
court -- is that the majority is simply second-guessing the
District Court's factfinding. That court, to repeat, rejected
treating the adverse interest as dispositive (as Alexander
permits) because of the "substantial direct evidence" of
race-based districting. So maybe the majority is just saying
that it sees no such evidence -- that it interprets all the facts
differently, as reflective of only partisan districting, with no
racial component. But on clear-error review, what basis
does the majority have to thus substitute its understanding
of the direct evidence for the District Court's? The short
answer is: It has none.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
But even assuming the adverse inference is appropriate at every stage of
the litigation, the primary rationale of the District Court stands: The ad-
verse inference was not dispositive because of all the direct evidence in
the case.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

KAGAN, J., dissenting

B
Nor does the majority have any warrant to stay the Dis-
trict Court's order for "alter[ing] the election rules on the
eve of an election." Ante, at 2. Here, the majority invokes
(though without naming) the so-called Purcell principle.
See Purcell v. Gonzalez, -- 5 (2006) (per cu-
riam). Under that decision, courts deciding whether to en-
join an election rule or map in the lead-up to an election
must consider, among other relevant equitable factors, the
order's potential for causing "voter confusion." Ibid. It is
an important caution. And it is one the District Court took
seriously, considering how everything this Court has said
on the subject applied to the facts at hand. See App. 140 -- 
156. In then going ahead, the court was right.
Texas is not on "the eve of an election," as was true in the
case the majority cites. Republican National Committee v.
Democratic National Committee, (2020)
(per curiam); see ante, at 2. The election there was five days
after the injunction. Similarly, the election in Purcell was
"just weeks" away. 549 U. S., at 4. Here, Election Day is
eleven months from now. Even the primary election (which
Texas could change) is in March. The District Court care-
fully listed the various "election preparations" underway to
switch to the 2025 map. App. 144. On the other hand, the
court noted how the 2021 map -- which the injunction rein-
stated -- was, in a real sense, the status quo. See id., at 145.
Officials, candidates, and voters are all familiar with it from
the last two election cycles. Until late last summer, every-
one expected that map to govern 2026 too. And indeed, it
will be used in a special runoff election in the State's largest
county on January 31, 2026. So, the District Court properly
concluded, "[a]n injunction in this case would not cause sig-
nificant disruption." Id., at 144. Except to the extent all of
us live in election season all the time, the 2026 congres-
sional election is not well underway.
16 ABBOTT v. LEAGUE OF UNITED LATIN
AMERICAN CITIZENS
KAGAN, J., dissenting

And even supposing it is now the ninth or tenth hour,
whose choice was that? It was of course the Texas legisla-
ture that decided to change its map six months before a
March primary. The plaintiffs could not have moved any
faster: They requested an injunction before the new law was
even signed. And to try to speed the litigation, they de-
clined discovery. (That decision, by the way, probably ac-
counted for their failure to submit an alternative map,
which to be probative must be based on the State's particu-
lar districting criteria. See supra, at 13 n.) The District
Court moved expeditiously too, issuing its 160-page opinion
(on November 18) just a month after post-hearing briefing
concluded. No one dilly-dallied in this case. The District
Court ruled as "late" as it did because the legislature en-
acted a new map less than three months before.
If Purcell prevents such a ruling, it gives every State the
opportunity to hold an unlawful election. The District
Court, once again aptly, made the point: Were judicial re-
view so broadly foreclosed, then to implement even a "bla-
tantly unconstitutional map," the "Legislature would need
only to pass" it on a schedule like this one. App. 154 -- 155.
That cannot be the law -- except of course that today it is.
According to the majority, Texas had a free pass to redis-
trict in August 2025 for the 2026 House elections. See ante,
at 2. All that the plaintiffs can hope for is better luck in
2028.
IV
The majority today loses sight of its proper role. It is sup-
posed to review the District Court's factfinding only for
clear error. But under that deferential standard, the Dis-
trict Court's "plausible" (actually, quite careful) factfinding
must survive. The majority can reach the result it does -- 
overturning the District Court's finding of racial line-
drawing, even if to achieve partisan goals -- only by
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

KAGAN, J., dissenting

arrogating to itself that court's rightful function. We know
better, the majority declares today. I cannot think of a rea-
son why.
And this Court's eagerness to playact a district court here
has serious consequence. The majority calls its "evalua-
tion" of this case "preliminary." Ante, at 1. The results,
though, will be anything but. This Court's stay guarantees
that Texas's new map, with all its enhanced partisan ad-
vantage, will govern next year's elections for the House of
Representatives. And this Court's stay ensures that many
Texas citizens, for no good reason, will be placed in electoral
districts because of their race. And that result, as this
Court has pronounced year in and year out, is a violation of
the Constitution.

============================================================

Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
SUSAN HUTSON v. UNITED STATES, ET AL.
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
No. 24 -- 1022. Decided November 17, 2025

The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied. JUSTICE
GORSUCH would grant the petition for a writ of certiorari.
JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins, dis-
senting from the denial of certiorari.
I would have granted certiorari to terminate the
longstanding and unlawful prison-building order at the cen-
ter of this case. In 2019, the District Court ordered New
Orleans to construct a new facility for inmates with mental-
health needs. Yet the Prison Litigation Reform Act of 1995
(PLRA) specifically states that "[n]othing in this section
shall be construed to authorize the courts, in exercising
their remedial powers, to order the construction of prisons."
18 U. S. C. (1)(C). If a court issued an injunction
in violation of the PLRA, then a party "shall be entitled to
the immediate termination of any prospective relief."
(2); see Miller v. French, (2000).
Thus, because the prison-building injunction was illegal
from the beginning, the courts below should have termi-
nated it.
The lower courts further erred by failing to terminate the
injunction for a second, independent reason. Even if an in-
junction complied with the PLRA when it was issued, the
injunction "shall be terminable... 2 years after the date
the court granted or approved the prospective relief."
(1)(A)(i). Here, the New Orleans sheriff filed a
" 'motion to terminate all orders regarding the construction
of the Phase III jail' " four years after the court granted the
injunction. App. to Pet. for Cert. 81a. At that point, the
2 HUTSON v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

District Court could maintain the injunction only if it found
the injunction "remains necessary to correct a current and
ongoing violation," "extends no further than necessary,"
and "is narrowly drawn and the least intrusive means to
correct the violation." (3). There is a Circuit split
about which party bears the burden at this stage of the lit-
igation.* But Fifth Circuit precedent places the burden on
the party supporting the injunction -- not the party seeking
termination. Guajardo v. Texas Dept. of Crim. Justice, 363
F. 3d 392, 395 -- 396 (2004) (per curiam). Here, the lower
courts did not hold the Government or private plaintiffs to
their burden. Rather, the courts below denied the sheriff 's
termination motion because it provided no "basis for the
district court to grant it." Anderson v. Hutson, 114 F. 4th
408, 420 (CA5 2024). That gets the inquiry backwards. It
was not the sheriff 's burden to provide a basis for termina-
tion; it was the opposing parties' burden to show a basis for
maintaining the injunction.
In short, the Fifth Circuit erroneously resolved an im-
portant issue of federal law on which there is a Circuit split.
This case cried out for our review. By failing to intervene,
we leave New Orleans to pay for the Fifth Circuit's serious
errors. I respectfully dissent.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Compare Balla v. Idaho, 29 F. 4th 1019, 1025 (CA9 2022) (" '[T]he
burden is on the movant to demonstrate that there are no ongoing con-
stitutional violations, that the relief ordered exceeds what is necessary
to correct an ongoing constitutional violation, or both' "), with Laaman v.
Warden, N. H. State Prison, 238 F. 3d 14, 20 (CA1 2001) ("[T]he burden
remains on the plaintiffs to show that such violations persist").

============================================================

Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Statement of ALITO, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
JONATHAN LEE, ET AL. v. POUDRE
SCHOOL DISTRICT R -- 1
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT
No. 25 -- 89. Decided October 14, 2025

The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.
Statement of JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE
THOMAS and JUSTICE GORSUCH join, respecting the denial
of certiorari.
I concur in the denial of certiorari because petitioners do
not challenge the ground for the ruling below. But I remain
concerned that some federal courts are "tempt[ed]" to avoid
confronting a "particularly contentious constitutional ques-
tio[n]": whether a school district violates parents' funda-
mental rights "when, without parental knowledge or con-
sent, it encourages a student to transition to a new gender
or assists in that process." Parents Protecting Our Chil-
dren, UA v. Eau Claire Area School Dist., 604 U. S. ___,
___ -- ___ (2024) (ALITO, J., dissenting from denial of certio-
rari) ( -- 2) (plurality opinion)). Petitioners tell us that
nearly 6,000 public schools have policies -- as respondent al-
legedly does -- that purposefully interfere with parents' ac-
cess to critical information about their children's gender-
identity choices and school personnel's involvement in and
influence on those choices. Pet. for Cert. 24. The trou-
bling -- and tragic -- allegations in this case underscore the
"great and growing national importance" of the question
that these parent petitioners present. Parents Protecting
Our Children, 604 U. S., at ___.

============================================================

Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Statement of ALITO, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
MONTANA, ET AL. v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD OF
MONTANA, ET AL.
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME
COURT OF MONTANA
No. 24 -- 745. Decided July 3, 2025

The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.
Statement of JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE
THOMAS joins, respecting the denial of certiorari.
Montana's Parental Consent for Abortion Act generally
requires physicians to obtain consent from parents before
performing an abortion on a minor. See Mont. Code Ann.
-- 20 -- 501 to 50 -- 20 -- 511 (2023). Planned Parenthood of
Montana filed a lawsuit in Montana state court, seeking to
enjoin enforcement of the law. It asserted that the law was
inconsistent with Montana's State constitution. In the pro-
ceedings below, the State of Montana argued that the law
satisfied state constitutional standards because, among
other things, it promoted the right of parents to make deci-
sions concerning the care, custody, and control of their chil-
dren. See Appellants' Opening Brief in No. DA 23 -- 0272,
pp. 36 -- 37. The State cited a decision of this Court on the
rights of parents as support for its argument based on state
law, but it did not expressly argue that a holding against it
on the state constitutional question would infringe the fed-
eral constitutional rights of parents. Ibid. Similarly, the
Supreme Court of Montana, while citing our decision in
Troxel v. Granville, (2000), did not expressly
hold that the rights of minors under Montana law took prec-
edence over the federal constitutional rights of parents. See
417 Mont. 457, 485 -- 486, 554 P.3d 153, 171 (2024).
After the State Supreme Court struck down the parental
consent requirement, the State filed a petition for certiorari
2 MONTANA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD OF MONTANA

Statement of ALITO, J.

in which it asked us to decide "[w]hether a parent's funda-
mental right to direct the care and custody of his or her chil-
dren includes a right to know and participate in decisions
concerning their minor child's medical care, including a mi-
nor's decision to seek an abortion." Pet. for Cert. i. But
because of the way this case was litigated below, it provides
a poor vehicle for deciding that question. It is therefore es-
pecially important that the denial of review is not read by
interested parties or other courts as a rejection of the argu-
ment that the petition asks us to decide.

============================================================

JUSTICE ALITO delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Board of Education of Montgomery County, Mary-
land (Board), has introduced a variety of "LGBTQ+-
inclusive" storybooks into the elementary school curricu-
lum. These books -- and associated educational instructions
provided to teachers -- are designed to "disrupt" children's
thinking about sexuality and gender. The Board has told
parents that it will not give them notice when the books are
going to be used and that their children's attendance during
those periods is mandatory. A group of parents from di-
verse religious backgrounds sued to enjoin those policies.
They assert that the new curriculum, combined with the
Board's decision to deny opt outs, impermissibly burdens
their religious exercise.
Today, we hold that the parents have shown that they are
entitled to a preliminary injunction. A government burdens
the religious exercise of parents when it requires them to
submit their children to instruction that poses "a very real
threat of undermining" the religious beliefs and practices
that the parents wish to instill. Wisconsin v. Yoder, (1972). And a government cannot condition
the benefit of free public education on parents' acceptance
2 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

of such instruction. Based on these principles, we conclude
that the parents are likely to succeed in their challenge to
the Board's policies.
I
A
1
With just over one million residents, Montgomery County
is Maryland's most populous county. According to a recent
survey, it is also the "most religiously diverse county" in the
Nation.1 In addition to hosting a diverse mix of Christian
denominations, the county ranks in the top five in the Na-
tion in per-capita population of Jews, Muslims, Hindus, and
Buddhists.2 The county's religious diversity is accompanied
by strong cultural diversity as well. The county is home to
several notable ethnic communities. For example, the Ethi-
opian community in Silver Spring is one of the largest in
the country.3 And according to one survey, "[o]nly 56.8% of
county residents speak English at home." N. 1, supra.
Most Montgomery County residents with school age chil-
dren, by choice or necessity, send them to public school. As
a general matter, Maryland law requires that resident chil-
dren ages 5 to 18 "attend a public school regularly during
the entire school year." Md. Educ. Code Ann. -- 301(a -- 
1)(1) (2025). As an exception to this general rule, the State
permits parents to send their children to private school or
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See A. Hertzler-McCain, Montgomery County, Maryland, Was Most

Religiously Diverse US County in 2023, Religion News Service (Aug. 30,
2024), https://religionnews.com/2024/08/30/montgomery-county-maryland-
was-most-religiously-diverse-u-s-county-in-2023/.
2 Public Religion Research Institute, 2023 PRRI Census of American

Religion: County-Level Data on Religious Identity and Diversity 19, 28,
42 -- 49 (Aug. 29, 2024).
3 See, e.g., R. Skirble, Silver Spring Is the Epicenter of a Thriving Ethi-

opian Diaspora, Montgomery Magazine (Oct. 19, 2022), https://www.
montgomerymag.com/silver-spring-is-the-epicenter-of-a-thriving-ethiopian-
diaspora/.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

to educate them at home if certain requirements can be
met. -- 301(a)(3). Parents who cause their children to be
absent unlawfully from school can face fines, mandatory
community service, and even imprisonment. -- 301(e).
Public education in Montgomery County is provided by
Montgomery County Public Schools (MCPS), one of the
largest school districts in the Nation. In the 2022 -- 2023
school year, MCPS enrolled 160,554 students in its 210
schools and had an operating budget of nearly $3 billion.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 597a -- 598a; MCPS, FY2024 Operating
Budget, p. vi -- 1 (2023). The district is overseen and man-
aged by the Montgomery County Board of Education, a pol-
icymaking body consisting of seven elected county residents
and one student. See Md. Educ. Code Ann. -- 901(b).
In recognition of the county's religious diversity, the
Board's "Guidelines for Respecting Religious Diversity" pro-
fess a commitment to making "reasonable accommodations"
for the religious "beliefs and practices" of MCPS students.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 210a, 212a.4 These accommodations
take various forms. For example, according to one MCPS
official, the Board "advises principals that schools should
avoid scheduling tests or other major events on dozens of... 'days of commemoration,' during which MCPS expects
that many students may be absent... or engaged in reli-
gious or cultural observances." Id., at 602a.
This case, however, arises from the Board's abject refusal
to heed widespread and impassioned pleas for accommoda-
tion. In the years leading up to 2022, the Board apparently
"determined that the books used in its existing [English &
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Board has modified its religious diversity guidelines since the

2022 -- 2023 school year, when many of the events in this lawsuit took
place. The most recent version of the Board's guidelines, available
online, continues to state that "MCPS is committed to making reasonable
accommodations" for the religious "beliefs and practices" of its students.
MCPS, Religious Diversity Guidelines in Montgomery County Public
Schools 1 (2024 -- 2025).
4 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

Language Arts] curriculum were not representative of
many students and families in Montgomery County be-
cause they did not include LGBTQ characters." Id., at 603a.
The Board therefore decided to introduce into the curricu-
lum what it described as " 'LGBTQ+-inclusive texts.' "5 Id.,
at 174a. As one email sent by MCPS principals reflects, the
Board selected the books according to a "Critical Selection
Repertoire" that required selectors to review potential texts
and ask questions such as: "Is heteronormativity reinforced
or disrupted?"; "Is cisnormativity reinforced or disrupted?";
and "Are power hierarchies that uphold the dominant cul-
ture reinforced or disrupted?" Id., at 622a.
In accordance with this "[r]epertoire" and other criteria,
the Board eventually selected 13 "LGBTQ+-inclusive" texts
for use in the English and Language Arts curriculum from
pre-K through 12th grade. Id., at 603a -- 604a, 622a. At is-
sue in this lawsuit are the five "LGBTQ+-inclusive" story-
books that are approved for students in Kindergarten
through fifth grade -- in other words, for children who are
generally between 5 and 11 years old.6
A few short descriptions will serve to illustrate the gen-
eral tenor of the storybooks. Intersection Allies tells the
stories of several children from different backgrounds, in-
cluding Kate, who is apparently a transgender child. One

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Some sources in the record use different variations of "LGBTQ+-

inclusive" when referring to the books at issue in this case (e.g., "LGBTQ-
Inclusive"). App. to Pet. for Cert. 603a. For consistency, we use
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" throughout the opinion, except in instances where
the designation appears in the middle of other quoted language, in which
case we retain the formulation that appears in the source.
6 This lawsuit initially concerned seven books: one approved for pre-K

and Head Start students, and six approved for grades K through 5. How-
ever, the one book approved for pre-K students was removed from the
curriculum due to content concerns, and one of the books approved for
grades K through 5 was removed for similar reasons. Brief for Petition-
ers 11, ; Brief for Respondents 6,.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

page shows Kate in a sex-neutral or sex-ambiguous bath-
room, and Kate proclaims: "My friends defend my choices
and place. A bathroom, like all rooms, should be a safe
space." Id., at 323a. Intersection Allies includes a "Page-
By-Page Book Discussion Guide" that asserts: "When we
are born, our gender is often decided for us based on our sex.... But at any point in our lives, we can choose to identify
with one gender, multiple genders, or neither gender." Id.,
at 349a -- 350a. The discussion guide explains that "Kate
prefers the pronouns they/their/them" and asks "What pro-
nouns fit you best?" Id., at 350a (boldface in original).
Prince & Knight tells the story of a coming-of-age prince
whose parents wish to match him with "a kind and worthy
bride." Id., at 397a. After meeting with "many ladies," the
prince tells his parents that he is " 'looking for something
different in a partner by [his] side.' " Id., at 398a, 400a.
Later in the book, the prince falls into the "embrace" of a
knight after the two finish battling a fearsome dragon. Id.,
at 415a. After the knight takes off his helmet, the prince
and knight "gaz[e] into each other's eyes, [and] their hearts
beg[in] to race." Id., at 418a -- 419a. The whole kingdom
later applauds "on the two men's wedding day." Id., at
424a.
Love Violet follows a young girl named Violet who has a
crush on her female classmate, Mira. Mira makes Violet's
"heart skip" and "thunde[r] like a hundred galloping
horses." Id., at 431a, 436a. Although Violet is initially too
afraid to interact with Mira, the two end up exchanging
gifts on Valentine's Day. Afterwards, the two girls are seen
holding hands and "galloping over snowy drifts to see what
they might find. Together." Id., at 446a.
Born Ready: The True Story of a Boy Named Penelope
tells the story of Penelope, a child who is initially treated as
a girl. The story is told from the perspective of Penelope,
who at one point says "If they'd all stop and listen, I'd tell
6 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

them about me. Inside I'm a boy." Id., at 454a. When Pe-
nelope's mother later assures her that " 'If you feel like a
boy, that's okay,' " Penelope responds: " 'No, Mama, I don't
feel like a boy. I AM a boy.' " Id., at 458a. Penelope tells
her mother:
" 'I love you, Mama, but I don't want to be you. I want
to be Papa. I don't want tomorrow to come because to-
morrow I'll look like you. Please help me, Mama. Help
me to be a boy.' " Id., at 459a.
Penelope's mother then agrees that she is a boy, and Pe-
nelope says: "For the first time, my insides don't feel like
fire. They feel like warm, golden love." Id., at 462a. Later,
after the family starts treating Penelope as a boy, Penel-
ope's brother complains that " 'You can't become a boy. You
have to be born one.' " Id., at 465a. This comment draws a
rebuke from Penelope's mother: " 'Not everything needs to
make sense. This is about love.' " Ibid.
Finally, Uncle Bobby's Wedding tells the story of a young
girl named Chloe who is informed that her favorite uncle,
Bobby, will be getting married to his boyfriend, Jamie.
When Bobby and Jamie announce their engagement, every-
one is jubilant "except... Chloe." Id., at 287a. Chloe says
that she does not " 'understand' " why her uncle is getting
married, but her mother responds by explaining: " 'When
grown-up people love each other that much, sometimes they
get married.' " Id., at 288a.
The Board suggested "that teachers incorporate the new
texts into the curriculum in the same way that other books
are used, namely, to put them on a shelf for students to find
on their own; to recommend a book to a student who would
enjoy it; to offer the books as an option for literature circles,
book clubs, or paired reading groups; or to use them as a
read aloud." Id., at 604a -- 605a. And "[a]s with all curricu-
lum resources," the Board voiced its "expectation that
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

teachers use the LGBTQ-Inclusive Books as part of instruc-
tion." Id., at 605a. An MCPS official has made clear that
"[t]eachers cannot... elect not to use the LGBTQ-Inclusive
Books at all." Ibid.
The Board also contemplated that instruction involving
the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks would include class-
room discussion. See id., at 642a (Board's lawyer: "there
will be discussion that ensues. In fact, I think everyone
would hope that discussion ensues"). In anticipation of
such discussion, the Board hosted a "professional develop-
ment workshop" in the summer of 2022, where it provided
teachers with a guidance document suggesting how they
might respond to student inquiries regarding the themes
presented in the books. Id., at 273a -- 276a, 604a, 628a -- 
635a. For example, if a student asserts that two men can-
not get married, the guidance document encouraged teach-
ers to respond by saying: "When people are adults they can
get married. Two men who love each other can decide they
want to get married." Id., at 628a. If a student claims that
a character "can't be a boy if he was born a girl," teachers
were encouraged to respond: "That comment is hurtful."
Id., at 630a. And if a student asks "[w]hat's transgender?",
it was recommended that teachers explain: "When we're
born, people make a guess about our gender and label us
'boy' or 'girl' based on our body parts. Sometimes they're
right and sometimes they're wrong." Ibid. The guidance
document encouraged teachers to "[d]isrupt the either/or
thinking" of their students. Id., at 629a, 633a.
At the same workshop, the Board also provided teachers
with a guidance document that suggested particular re-
sponses to inquiries by parents. For example, if a parent
were to ask whether the school was attempting to teach a
child to "reject" the values taught at home, teachers were
encouraged to respond that "[t]eaching about LGBTQ+ is
not about making students think a certain way; it is to show
that there is no one 'right' or 'normal' way to be." Id., at
8 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

638a. The guidance also urged teachers to assure parents
that there would not be "explicit instruction" about gender
and sexual identity, but that "there may be a need to define
words that are new and unfamiliar to students," and that
"questions and conversations might organically happen."
Id., at 640a. If parents were not comforted by that infor-
mation, teachers could tell them that "[p]arents always
have the choice to keep their student(s) home while using
these texts; however, it will not be an excused absence."
Ibid.
2
The Board officially launched the "LGBTQ+-inclusive"
texts into MCPS schools in the 2022 -- 2023 school year.
Shortly thereafter, parents "began contacting individual
teachers, principals, or MCPS staff " about the storybooks
and asking that their children be excused from classroom
instruction related to them. Id., at 606a. Some parents
showed up at the Board's public business meetings to ex-
press their concerns about the storybooks' content. In an
early 2023 meeting, for example, one parent represented
herself as "a voice for parents in [her] community, many of
[whom] are actually working today and unable to attend."
See MCPS, Jan. 12, 2023, Business Meeting, at 27:15 -- 
27:20, https://mcpsmd.new.swagit.com/videos/196679. She
said that MCPS parents were "frustrated" because, in their
view, "educators and administrators are going behind what
[parents] are teaching their kids at home, and pushing
ideas of gender ideology on their kids." Id., at 27:21 -- 27:30.
The parent felt that the Board was "implying to [children]
that their religion, their belief system, and their family tra-
dition is actually wrong." Id., at 28:25 -- 28:30.
At the same Board meeting, one Board member re-
sponded by saying that "some of the testimony today was
disturbing to me personally. Transgender, LGBTQ individ-
uals are not an ideology, they are a reality.... [T]here are
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

religions out there that teach that women should only
achieve certain subservient roles in life, and MCPS would
never think of not having a book in a classroom that showed
a woman" in a professional role. Id., at 38:35 -- 39:00. The
Board's student member agreed with the sentiment and
proclaimed that "ignorance and hate does exist within our
community, but please know that every student -- each of
our 160,000 students in our large county -- has a place in
the school system." Id., at 40:25 -- 40:36.
Initially, the Board compromised with objecting parents
by notifying them when the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" story-
books would be taught and permitting their children to be
excused from instruction involving the books. That policy
was consistent with the Board's general "Guidelines for Re-
specting Religious Diversity," which at the time provided
that "[w]hen possible, schools should try to make reasona-
ble and feasible adjustments to the instructional program
to accommodate requests from students, or requests from
parents/guardians on behalf of their students, to be excused
from specific classroom discussions or activities that they
believe would impose a substantial burden on their reli-
gious beliefs." App. to Pet. for Cert. 220a -- 221a.
This compromise, however, did not last long. In March
2023, less than a year after the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" texts
were introduced, the Board issued a statement declaring
that "[s]tudents and families may not choose to opt out of
engaging" with the storybooks and that "teachers will not
send home letters to inform families when inclusive books
are read in the future." Id., at 657a. According to one
MCPS official, the Board decided to change its policy be-
cause, among other things, "individual principals and
teachers could not accommodate the growing number of opt
out requests without causing significant disruptions to the
classroom environment." Id., at 607a. The official also
stated that permitting some students to exit the classroom
while the storybooks were being taught would expose other
10 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

students "to social stigma and isolation." Id., at 608a. It
was therefore announced that any existing accommoda-
tions would expire at the end of the 2022 -- 2023 school year.
Shortly after the Board rescinded parental opt outs, more
than 1,000 parents signed a petition asking the Board to
restore opt out rights. See Brief for Petitioners 14. And
hundreds of displeased parents, including many Muslim
and Ethiopian Orthodox parents, appeared at the Board's
public meetings and implored the Board to allow opt outs.
Id., at 14 -- 15. At a May 2023 meeting, one community mem-
ber testified that "thousands" of parents felt "deeply dis-
mayed and betrayed" by the rescission of opt outs from "con-
tent that conflict[s] with their sincerely held religious
beliefs." MCPS, May 25, 2023, Business Meeting, at 35:33 -- 
35:44, https://mcpsmd.new.swagit.com/videos/232766. At
the same meeting, an MCPS student testified and asked the
Board "to allow students like me to opt out of content and
books that contain sensitive and mature topics that go
against my religious beliefs." Id., at 40:47 -- 40:56.
The Board was unmoved. After the testimony, several
Board members and another MCPS official spoke up to
"clarify" that the storybooks would not be used for explicit
instruction on sexuality and gender, but rather as part of
the "literacy curriculum." Id., at 1:11:14 -- 1:16:22. Accord-
ing to a later news article, one Board member recalled that
"she felt 'kind of sorry' " for the student who testified in fa-
vor of opt outs, "and wondered to what extent she may have
been 'parroting dogma' learned from her parents."7 The
Board member also expressed her view that " '[i]f [parents]

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 E. Espey, Parents, Students, Doctors React to MCPS Lawsuit Target-

ing LGBTQ+ Storybooks, Bethesda Magazine (June 2, 2023), https://
bethesdamagazine.com/2023/06/02/parents-students-doctors-react-to-mcps-
lawsuit-targeting-lgbtq-storybooks; see also Mahmoud v. McKnight, 688
F. Supp. 3d 265, 285 (Md. 2023) (recounting the Board member's state-
ments).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

want their child to receive an education that strictly ad-
heres to their religious dogma, they can send their kid to a
private religious school.' " N. 7, supra. The Board member
went on to suggest that the objecting parents were compa-
rable to " 'white supremacists' " who want to prevent their
children from learning about civil rights and " 'xenophobes' "
who object to " 'stories about immigrant families.' " Ibid.
The Board continues to permit children to opt out of other
school activities, including the "family life and human sex-
uality" unit of instruction, for which opt outs are required
under Maryland law. Code of Md. Regs., tit. 13a,.18.01(D)(2)(e)(i) (2025); see App. to Pet. for Cert. 657a.
And although the Board has amended its "Guidelines for
Respecting Religious Diversity" to narrow the circum-
stances in which opt outs are permissible, those guidelines
still allow opt outs from "noncurricular activities, such as
classroom parties or free-time events that involve materials
or practices in conflict with a family's religious, and/or
other, practices." Id., at 672a.
B
1
At the time when this lawsuit was filed, petitioners
Tamer Mahmoud and Enas Barakat had three children en-
rolled in MCPS, including one who was still in elementary
school. Mahmoud and Barakat are Muslims who believe
"that mankind has been divinely created as male and fe-
male" and "that 'gender' cannot be unwoven from biological
'sex' -- to the extent the two are even distinct -- without re-
jecting the dignity and direction God bestowed on humanity
from the start." Id., at 165a -- 166a. Mahmoud and Barakat
believe that it would be "immoral" to expose their "young,
impressionable, elementary-aged son" to a curriculum that
"undermine[s] Islamic teaching." Id., at 532a. And, in their
view, "[t]he storybooks at issue in this lawsuit... directly
undermine [their] efforts to raise" their son in the Islamic
12 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

faith "because they encourage young children to question
their sexuality and gender... and to dismiss parental and
religious guidance on these issues." Ibid.
After the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks were intro-
duced, Mahmoud and Barakat asked to have their son ex-
cused from the classroom when Prince & Knight was read.
Their son's principal initially permitted the boy to sit out-
side the classroom during that time. But, soon after, the
Board announced that opt outs would no longer be availa-
ble. Mahmoud and Barakat then felt "religiously compelled
to send their son to private school at significant financial
sacrifice." Brief for Petitioners 16.
Petitioners Jeff and Svitlana Roman also had a son en-
rolled in an MCPS elementary school when this lawsuit was
filed. Jeff Roman is Catholic, and Svitlana Roman is
Ukrainian Orthodox. They believe that "sexuality is ex-
pressed only in marriage between a man and a woman for
creating life and strengthening the marital union." App. to
Pet. for Cert. 166a. The Romans further believe "that gen-
der and biological sex are intertwined and inseparable" and
that "the young need to be helped to accept their own body
as it was created." Id., at 537a. The Romans understand that their son "loves his
teachers and implicitly trusts them," and so they fear that
allowing those teachers to "teach principles about sexuality
or gender identity that conflict with [their] religious beliefs"
would "significantly interfer[e] with [their] ability to form
[their son's] religious faith and religious outlook on life."
Id., at 541a.
After the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks were intro-
duced, the Romans asked the principal of their son's ele-
mentary school to notify them when the books were being
read and to excuse their son from that instruction. The Ro-
mans were initially told that it was their "right" to ask that
their son not be present when the books are read, id., at
496a, but they were later informed that notice and opt outs
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

would no longer be provided. Thus, the Romans, like
Mahmoud and Barakat, were "religiously compelled to send
their son to private school, at significant expense." Brief for
Petitioners 18.
Petitioners Chris and Melissa Persak have two elementary-
age daughters who attend public school in Montgomery
County. The Persaks are Catholics who believe "that all
humans are created as male or female, and that a person's
biological sex is a gift bestowed by God that is both un-
changing and integral to that person's being." App. to Pet.
for Cert. 543a. The Persaks believe "that children -- partic-
ularly those in elementary school -- are highly impressiona-
ble to ideological instruction presented in children's books
or by schoolteachers." Id., at 544a. They are concerned that
the Board's "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks "are being used
to impose an ideological view of family life and sexuality
that characterizes any divergent beliefs as 'hurtful.' " Ibid.
They think that such instruction will "undermine [their] ef-
forts to raise [their] children in accordance with" their reli-
gious faith. Ibid. The Persaks' daughters were initially
permitted to opt out of instruction related to the storybooks,
but they no longer have that option.
The final petitioner, Kids First, is an unincorporated as-
sociation of parents and teachers that was "formed to advo-
cate for the return of parental notice and opt-out rights in
the Montgomery County Public Schools." Id., at 624a. One
of Kids First's board members -- Grace Morrison -- has a
daughter who previously attended an MCPS elementary
school. Morrison's daughter has Down syndrome and at-
tention deficit disorder. She previously required special ac-
commodations from her public school, including a "full time,
one-on-one paraeducator." Id., at 624a -- 625a. Morrison's
daughter also received special services from the school,
such as speech and occupational therapy. Morrison and her
husband are Catholics who believe that "marriage is the
lifelong union of one man and one woman" and that gender
14 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

is "interwoven" with sex. Id., at 625a. Due to their daugh-
ter's learning challenges, they fear that she "doesn't under-
stand or differentiate instructions from her teachers and
parents" and that they "won't be able to contradict what she
hears from teachers." Id., at 626a.
Because of the services provided to her disabled daughter
in public school, Morrison faced enormous "pressure" to
keep her daughter enrolled. Ibid. She asked that her
daughter be excused from "LGBTQ+-inclusive" instruction,
even after the Board's decision to rescind opt outs. She was
told, however, that opt outs would not be possible. As a re-
sult, the Morrisons felt "religiously compelled" to remove
their daughter from public school. Brief for Petitioners 19.
They anticipate that it will cost at least $25,000 per year to
replace the academic and other services that their daughter
formerly received from the public school system.
2
Faced with the Board's decision to rescind opt outs, peti-
tioners filed this lawsuit in the United States District Court
for the District of Maryland. Among other things, they as-
serted that the Board's no-opt-out policy infringed their
right to the free exercise of their religion. See Kennedy v.
Bremerton School Dist., (2022). They
sought a preliminary and permanent injunction "prohibit-
ing the School Board from forcing [their] children and other
students -- over the objection of their parents -- to read, lis-
ten to, or discuss" the storybooks. App. to Pet. for Cert.
206a.
In support of their request, the parents relied heavily on
this Court's decision in Wisconsin v. Yoder,.
That case concerned Amish parents who wished to with-
draw their children from conventional schooling after the
eighth grade, in direct contravention of a Wisconsin law re-
quiring children to attend school until the age of 16. In
Yoder, we recognized that parents have a right "to direct
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

the religious upbringing of their children," and that this
right can be infringed by laws that pose "a very real threat
of undermining" the religious beliefs and practices that par-
ents wish to instill in their children. Id., at 218, 233. Given
the substantial burdens that Wisconsin's compulsory-at-
tendance law placed on the religious practices of the Amish,
we held that it "carrie[d] with it precisely the kind of objec-
tive danger to the free exercise of religion that the First
Amendment was designed to prevent." Id., at 218.
In the present case, the parents asserted that Yoder's
principle applies to their situation, and they therefore
asked for a preliminary injunction permitting their children
to opt out of the challenged instruction pending the comple-
tion of their lawsuit. The District Court denied that relief.
It characterized the petitioners' primary argument as an
objection to school "indoctrination" and asserted that the
petitioners had not "identified any case recognizing a free
exercise violation based on indoctrination." Mahmoud v.
McKnight, 688 F. Supp. 3d 265, 295 (Md. 2023). It dis-
missed Yoder as "sui generis" and "inexorably linked to the
Amish community's unique religious beliefs and practices."
688 F. Supp. 3d, at 294, 301. And although the District
Court acknowledged that the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" curricu-
lum might result in petitioners' being "less likely to suc-
ceed" in raising their children in their religious faiths, id.,
at 300, it nonetheless held that the curriculum was likely
consistent with the Free Exercise Clause.
A divided panel of the Fourth Circuit affirmed. The ma-
jority did not expressly endorse the District Court's view re-
garding the constitutionality of "indoctrination," but it sug-
gested that petitioners could succeed on their free exercise
claim only if they could "show direct or indirect coercion
arising out of the exposure" to the storybooks. Mahmoud v.
McKnight, 102 F. 4th 191, 212 (2024). And the majority
found that the evidence in the record was insufficient to
make that showing. The majority expressed concern that
16 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

"[t]he record does not show how the Storybooks are actually
being used in classrooms." Id., at 213. And without such
evidence, the majority held, petitioners could not obtain a
preliminary injunction because it could not simply be as-
sumed that any past lessons had or that any future lessons
would "cross the line and pressure students to change their
views or act contrary to their faith." Ibid. As for petition-
ers' reliance on Yoder, the majority quickly dismissed that
argument, describing the decision as "markedly circum-
scribed" and "tailored to the specific evidence in [its] rec-
ord." 102 F. 4th, at 210 -- 211.
Judge Quattlebaum dissented. He accepted the parents'
representation that "their faith compels that they teach
their children about sex, human sexuality, gender and fam-
ily life." Id., at 222. And he acknowledged their claim that
"the messages from the books conflict with and undermine
the sincerely held religious beliefs they hold and seek to
convey to their children." Ibid. Judge Quattlebaum there-
fore concluded that the Board had "force[d] the parents to
make a choice -- either adhere to their faith or receive a free
public education for their children." Ibid. Forcing parents
to make such a choice was, in his view, a burden on their
religion exercise.
After the Fourth Circuit ruled, the parents asked this
Court to review the decision, and we granted their petition
for a writ of certiorari. 604 U. S. ___ (2025). We now hold
that the parents have shown that they are entitled to a pre-
liminary injunction and reverse the judgment below.
II
Our Constitution proclaims that "Congress shall make no
law... prohibiting the free exercise" of religion. Amdt. 1.
That restriction applies equally to the States by way of the
Fourteenth Amendment. Cantwell v. Connecticut, (1940). And the right to free exercise, like
other First Amendment rights, is not "shed... at the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

schoolhouse gate." Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Com-
munity School Dist., -- 507 (1969). Gov-
ernment schools, like all government institutions, may not
place unconstitutional burdens on religious exercise.
The parents assert that the Board's introduction of the
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks -- combined with its deci-
sion to withhold notice and opt outs -- unconstitutionally
burdens their religious exercise. At this stage, the parents
seek a preliminary injunction that would permit them to
have their children excused from instruction related to the
storybooks while this lawsuit proceeds. To obtain that form
of preliminary relief, the parents must show that they are
likely to succeed on the merits, that they are likely to suffer
irreparable harm in the absence of preliminary relief, that
the balance of equities tips in their favor, and that an in-
junction would be in the public interest. Winter v. Natural
Resources Defense Council, Inc., (2008). The
parents have made that showing.
III
To begin, we hold that the parents are likely to succeed
on their claim that the Board's policies unconstitutionally
burden their religious exercise. "[W]e have long recognized
the rights of parents to direct 'the religious upbringing' of
their children." Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Revenue, (2020).
And we have held that those rights are violated by govern-
ment policies that "substantially interfer[e] with the reli-
gious development" of children. Id., at 218. Such interfer-
ence, we have observed, "carries with it precisely the kind
of objective danger to the free exercise of religion that the
First Amendment was designed to prevent." Ibid. For the
reasons explained below, we conclude that such an "objec-
tive danger" is present here.
18 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

A
We start by describing the nature of the religious practice
at issue here and explaining why it is burdened by the
Board's policies.
1
At its heart, the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amend-
ment protects "the ability of those who hold religious beliefs
of all kinds to live out their faiths in daily life through the
performance of " religious acts. Kennedy, 597 U. S., at 524. And for many people
of faith across the country, there are few religious acts more
important than the religious education of their children.
See Our Lady of Guadalupe School v. Morrissey-Berru, (2020) ("Religious education is vital to many
faiths practiced in the United States"). Indeed, for many
Christians, Jews, Muslims, and others, the religious educa-
tion of children is not merely a preferred practice but rather
a religious obligation. See id., at 754 -- 756. The parent pe-
titioners in this case reflect this reality: they all believe they
have a "sacred obligation" or "God-given responsibility" to
raise their children in a way that is consistent with their
religious beliefs and practices. App. to Pet. for Cert. 531a,
538a, 543a, 625a.
The practice of educating one's children in one's religious
beliefs, like all religious acts and practices, receives a gen-
erous measure of protection from our Constitution. "Draw-
ing on 'enduring American tradition,' we have long recog-
nized the rights of parents to direct 'the religious
upbringing' of their children." Espinoza, 591 U. S., at 486. And this is not
merely a right to teach religion in the confines of one's own
home. Rather, it extends to the choices that parents wish
to make for their children outside the home. It protects, for
example, a parent's decision to send his or her child to a
private religious school instead of a public school. Pierce v.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

Society of Sisters, -- 535 (1925).
Due to financial and other constraints, however, many
parents "have no choice but to send their children to a pub-
lic school." Morse v. Frederick, (2007)
(ALITO, J., concurring). As a result, the right of parents "to
direct the religious upbringing of their" children would be
an empty promise if it did not follow those children into the
public school classroom. We have thus recognized limits on
the government's ability to interfere with a student's reli-
gious upbringing in a public school setting.
An early example comes from our decision in West Vir-
ginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943). In that
case, we considered a resolution adopted by the West Vir-
ginia State Board of Education that required students "to
participate in the salute honoring the Nation represented
by the flag." Id., at 626.
If students failed to comply, they faced expulsion and could
not be readmitted until they yielded to the State's com-
mand. Id., at 629. A group of plaintiffs sued to prevent the
enforcement of this policy against Jehovah's Witnesses who
considered the flag to be a "graven image" and refused to
salute it. Ibid.. The
challengers asserted that the policy was, among other
things, "an unconstitutional denial of religious freedom."
Id., at 630.
We agreed that the policy could not be squared with the
First Amendment. The effect of the State's policy, we ob-
served, was to "condition access to public education on mak-
ing a prescribed sign and profession and at the same time
to coerce attendance by punishing both parent and child."
Id., at 630 -- 631. Although the policy did not clearly require
students to "forego any contrary convictions of their own
and become unwilling converts," it nonetheless required a
particular "affirmation of a belief and an attitude of mind."
Id., at 633. For a public school to require students to make
such an affirmation, in contravention of their beliefs and
20 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

those of their parents, was to go further than the First
Amendment would allow.
Barnette dealt with an especially egregious kind of direct
coercion: a requirement that students make an affirmation
contrary to their parents' religious beliefs. But that does
not mean that the protections of the First Amendment ex-
tend only to policies that compel children to depart from the
religious practices of their parents. To the contrary, in
Yoder, we held that the Free Exercise Clause protects
against policies that impose more subtle forms of interfer-
ence with the religious upbringing of children.
Yoder concerned a Wisconsin law that required parents
to send their children to public or private school until the
age of 16. Respondents Jonas Yoder, Wallace Miller, and
Adin Yutzy were members of Wisconsin's Amish commu-
nity who refused to send their children to public school after
the completion of the eighth grade. In their view, the values
taught in high school were "in marked variance with Amish
values and the Amish way of life," and would result in an
"impermissible exposure of their children to a 'worldly' in-
fluence in conflict with their beliefs." 406 U. S., at 211. In
response, this Court observed that formal high school edu-
cation would "plac[e] Amish children in an environment
hostile to Amish beliefs... with pressure to conform to the
styles, manners, and ways of the peer group" and that it
would "tak[e] them away from their community, physically
and emotionally, during the crucial and formative adoles-
cent period of life." Ibid. "In short," the Court concluded,
"high school attendance... interposes a serious barrier to
the integration of the Amish child into the Amish religious
community." Id., at 211 -- 212.
In Yoder, unlike in Barnette, there was no suggestion that
the compulsory-attendance law would compel Amish chil-
dren to make an affirmation that was contrary to their par-
ents' or their own religious beliefs. Nor was there a sugges-
tion that Amish children would be compelled to commit
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

some specific practice forbidden by their religion. Rather,
the threat to religious exercise was premised on the fact
that high school education would "expos[e] Amish children
to worldly influences in terms of attitudes, goals, and values
contrary to [their] beliefs" and would "substantially inter-
fer[e] with the religious development of the Amish child."
406 U. S., at 218.
That interference, the Court held, violated the parents'
free exercise rights. The compulsory-education law "car-
rie[d] with it precisely the kind of objective danger to the
free exercise of religion that the First Amendment was de-
signed to prevent" because it placed Amish children into "an
environment hostile to Amish beliefs," where they would
face "pressure to conform" to contrary viewpoints and life-
styles. Id., at 211, 218.
As our decision in Yoder reflects, the question whether a
law "substantially interfer[es] with the religious develop-
ment" of a child will always be fact-intensive. Id., at 218.
It will depend on the specific religious beliefs and practices
asserted, as well as the specific nature of the educational
requirement or curricular feature at issue. Educational re-
quirements targeted toward very young children, for exam-
ple, may be analyzed differently from educational require-
ments for high school students. A court must also consider
the specific context in which the instruction or materials at
issue are presented. Are they presented in a neutral man-
ner, or are they presented in a manner that is "hostile" to
religious viewpoints and designed to impose upon students
a "pressure to conform"? Id., at 211.
We now turn to the application of these principles to this
case.
2
In light of the record before us, we hold that the Board's
introduction of the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks -- com-
bined with its decision to withhold notice to parents and to
22 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

forbid opt outs -- substantially interferes with the religious
development of their children and imposes the kind of bur-
den on religious exercise that Yoder found unacceptable.
To understand why, start with the storybooks them-
selves. Like many books targeted at young children, the
books are unmistakably normative. They are clearly de-
signed to present certain values and beliefs as things to be
celebrated and certain contrary values and beliefs as things
to be rejected.
Take, for example, the message sent by the books con-
cerning same-sex marriage. Many Americans "advocate
with utmost, sincere conviction that, by divine precepts,
same-sex marriage should not be condoned." Obergefell v.
Hodges, (2015). That group includes
each of the parents in this case. App. to Pet. for Cert. 530a,
537a, 543a, 625a. The storybooks, however, are designed to
present the opposite viewpoint to young, impressionable
children who are likely to accept without question any
moral messages conveyed by their teachers' instruction.
For example, the book Prince & Knight clearly conveys
the message that same-sex marriage should be accepted by
all as a cause for celebration. The young reader is guided
to feel distressed at the prince's failure to find a princess,
and then to celebrate when the prince meets his male part-
ner. See id., at 397a -- 401a, 419a -- 423a. The book relates
that "on the two men's wedding day, the air filled with cheer
and laughter, for the prince and his shining knight would
live happily ever after." Id., at 424a. Those celebrating the
same-sex wedding are not just family members and close
friends, but the entire kingdom. For young children, to
whom this and the other storybooks are targeted, such cel-
ebration is liable to be processed as having moral connota-
tions. If this same-sex marriage makes everyone happy and
leads to joyous celebration by all, doesn't that mean it is in
every respect a good thing? High school students may un-
derstand that widespread approval of a practice does not
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

necessarily mean that everyone should accept it, but very
young children are most unlikely to appreciate that fine
point.
Uncle Bobby's Wedding, the only book that the dissent is
willing to discuss in any detail, conveys the same message
more subtly. The atmosphere is jubilant after Uncle Bobby
and his boyfriend announce their engagement. Id., at 286a
("Everyone was smiling and talking and crying and laugh-
ing" ). The book's main character, Chloe,
does not share this excitement. " 'I don't understand!' " she
exclaims, " 'Why is Uncle Bobby getting married?' " Id., at
288a. The book is coy about the precise reason for Chloe's
question, but the question is used to tee up a direct message
to young readers: " 'Bobby and Jamie love each other,' said
Mummy. 'When grown-up people love each other that
much, sometimes they get married.' " Ibid. The book there-
fore presents a specific, if subtle, message about marriage.
It asserts that two people can get married, regardless of
whether they are of the same or the opposite sex, so long as
they " 'love each other.' " Ibid. That view is now accepted
by a great many Americans, but it is directly contrary to the
religious principles that the parents in this case wish to in-
still in their children.
It is significant that this book does not simply refer to
same-sex marriage as an existing practice. Instead, it pre-
sents acceptance of same-sex marriage as a perspective that
should be celebrated. The book's narrative arc reaches its
peak with the actual event of Uncle Bobby's wedding, which
is presented as a joyous event that is met with universal
approval. See id., at 300a -- 305a. And again, there are
many Americans who would view the event that way, and
it goes without saying that they have every right to do so.
But other Americans wish to present a different moral mes-
sage to their children. And their ability to present that
message is undermined when the exact opposite message is
positively reinforced in the public school classroom at a very
24 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

young age.
Next, consider the messages sent by the storybooks on
the subject of sex and gender. Many Americans, like the
parents in this case, believe that biological sex reflects di-
vine creation, that sex and gender are inseparable, and that
children should be encouraged to accept their sex and to live
accordingly. Id., at 530a -- 531a, 538a -- 540a, 543a, 625a.
But the challenged storybooks encourage children to adopt
a contrary viewpoint. Intersection Allies presents a
transgender child in a sex-ambiguous bathroom and pro-
claims that "[a] bathroom, like all rooms, should be a safe
space." Id., at 323a. The book also includes a discussion
guide that asserts that "at any point in our lives, we can
choose to identify with one gender, multiple genders, or nei-
ther gender" and asks children "What pronouns fit you
best?" Id., at 350a (boldface in original). The book and the
accompanying discussion guidance present as a settled
matter a hotly contested view of sex and gender that
sharply conflicts with the religious beliefs that the parents
wish to instill in their children.
The book Born Ready presents similar ideas in an even
less veiled manner. The book follows the story of Penelope,
an apparently biological female who asserts " 'I AM a boy.' "
Id., at 458a. Not only does the story convey the message
that Penelope is a boy simply because that is what she
chooses to be, but it slyly conveys a positive message about
transgender medical procedures. Penelope says the follow-
ing to her mother:
" 'I love you, Mama, but I don't want to be you. I want
to be Papa. I don't want tomorrow to come because to-
morrow I'll look like you. Please help me, Mama. Help
me to be a boy.' " Id., at 459a.
Penelope's mother then agrees that Penelope is a boy, and
Penelope exclaims: "For the first time, my insides don't feel
like fire. They feel like warm, golden love." Id., at 462a. To
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

Opinion of the Court

young children, the moral implication of the story is that it
is seriously harmful to deny a gender transition and that
transitioning is a highly positive experience. The book goes
so far as to present a contrary view as something to be rep-
rimanded. When the main character's brother says " 'You
can't become a boy. You have to be born one,' " his mother
corrects him by saying: " 'Not everything needs to make
sense. This is about love.' " Id., at 465a (emphasis in origi-
nal). The upshot is that it is hurtful, perhaps even hateful,
to hold the view that gender is inextricably bound with bio-
logical sex.
These books carry with them "a very real threat of under-
mining" the religious beliefs that the parents wish to instill
in their children. Yoder, 406 U. S., at 218. Like the com-
pulsory high school education considered in Yoder, these
books impose upon children a set of values and beliefs that
are "hostile" to their parents' religious beliefs. Id., at 211.
And the books exert upon children a psychological "pressure
to conform" to their specific viewpoints. Ibid. The books
therefore present the same kind of "objective danger to the
free exercise of religion" that we identified in Yoder. Id., at
218.
That "objective danger" is only exacerbated by the fact
that the books will be presented to young children by au-
thority figures in elementary school classrooms. As repre-
sentatives of the Board have admitted, "there is an expec-
tation that teachers use the LGBTQ-Inclusive Books as
part of instruction," and "there will be discussion that en-
sues." App. to Pet. for Cert. 605a, 642a.
The Board has left little mystery as to what that discus-
sion might look like. The Board provided teachers with sug-
gested responses to student questions related to the books,
and the responses make it clear that instruction related to
the storybooks will "substantially interfer[e]" with the par-
ents' ability to direct the "religious development" of their
children. Yoder, 406 U. S., at 218. In response to a child
26 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

who states that two men "can't get married," teachers are
encouraged to respond "[t]wo men who love each other can
decide they want to get married.... There are so many
different kinds of families and ways to be a family." App. to
Pet. for Cert. 628a -- 629a. If a child says "[h]e can't be a boy
if he was born a girl," the teacher is urged to respond "that
comment is hurtful." Id., at 630a. If a child asks "What's
transgender?", it is suggested that the teacher answer:
"When we're born, people make a guess about our gender.... Sometimes they're right and sometimes they're
wrong." Ibid.
In other contexts, we have recognized the potentially co-
ercive nature of classroom instruction of this kind. "The
State exerts great authority and coercive power through"
public schools "because of the students' emulation of teach-
ers as role models and the children's susceptibility to peer
pressure." Edwards v. Aguillard, (1987);
see also Lee v. Weisman, (1992) ("[T]here
are heightened concerns with protecting freedom of con-
science from subtle coercive pressure in the elementary and
secondary public schools"). Young children, like those of pe-
titioners, are often "impressionable" and "implicitly trus[t]"
their teachers. App. to Pet. for Cert. 532a, 541a.8 Here,
the Board requires teachers to instruct young children us-
ing storybooks that explicitly contradict their parents' reli-
gious views, and it encourages the teachers to correct the
children and accuse them of being "hurtful" when they ex-
press a degree of religious confusion. Id., at 630a. Such

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The dissent tries to divert attention from the ages of the children sub-

ject to the instruction at issue here. It sees no difference between peti-
tioners' young children and the high school students in Kennedy v.
Bremerton School Dist., (2022). See post, at 11 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). And it criticizes our decision for taking the age of stu-
dents into account. Post, at 19. It goes without saying, however, that
the age of the children involved is highly relevant in any assessment of
the likely effect of instruction on the subjects in question.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

Opinion of the Court

instruction "carries with it precisely the kind of objective
danger to the free exercise of religion that the First Amend-
ment was designed to prevent." Yoder, 406 U. S., at 218.
3
None of the counterarguments raised by the dissent, the
Board, the courts below, or the Board's amici give us any
reason to doubt the existence of a burden here.
a
To start, we cannot accept the Board's characterization of
the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" instruction as mere "exposure to
objectionable ideas" or as lessons in "mutual respect." Brief
for Respondents 27 -- 28; Tr. of Oral Arg. 101, 169. As we
have explained, the storybooks unmistakably convey a par-
ticular viewpoint about same-sex marriage and gender.
And the Board has specifically encouraged teachers to rein-
force this viewpoint and to reprimand any children who dis-
agree. That goes far beyond mere "exposure."
We similarly disagree with the dissent's deliberately
blinkered view that these storybooks and related instruc-
tion merely "expos[e] students to the 'message' that LGBTQ
people exist" and teach them to treat others with kindness.
See post, at 1, 31 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). In making
this argument, the dissent ignores what anyone who reads
these books can readily see. It ignores the messages that
the authors plainly intended to convey. And, what is per-
haps most telling, it ignores the Board's stated reasons for
inserting these books into the curriculum and much of the
instructions it gave to teachers. See supra, at 3 -- 4, 6 -- 8.
Only by air-brushing the record can the dissent claim that
the books and instruction are just about exposure and kind-
ness.
In any event, the Board and the dissent are mistaken
when they rely extensively on the concept of "exposure."
28 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

The question in cases of this kind is whether the educa-
tional requirement or curriculum at issue would "substan-
tially interfer[e] with the religious development" of the
child or pose "a very real threat of undermining" the reli-
gious beliefs and practices the parent wishes to instill in the
child. Yoder, 406 U. S., at 218. Whether or not a require-
ment or curriculum could be characterized as "exposure" is
not the touchstone for determining whether that line is
crossed.
b
We are also unpersuaded by the Board's reliance -- echoed
by the dissent -- on our decisions in Bowen v. Roy, (1986), and Lyng v. Northwest Indian Cemetery Protec-
tive Assn., (1988). See post, at 16 -- 19 (opinion
of SOTOMAYOR, J.). In Bowen, a father mounted a free ex-
ercise challenge to the Government's use of a Social Secu-
rity number associated with his daughter. 476 U. S., at
695 -- 698. And in Lyng, Native Americans and other plain-
tiffs raised a free exercise challenge to the construction of a
paved road on federal land. 485 U. S., at 442 -- 443. In those
cases, we held that "[t]he Free Exercise Clause simply can-
not be understood to require the Government to conduct its
own internal affairs in ways that comport with the religious
beliefs of particular citizens," Bowen, 476 U. S., at 699, even
when the conduct of such internal affairs might result in
"incidental interference with an individual's spiritual activ-
ities," Lyng, 485 U. S., at 450. And, we emphasized, that
conclusion was appropriate because the government actions
at issue did not "discriminate" against religion or "coerce
individuals into acting contrary to their religious beliefs."
Id., at 450, 453; see also Bowen, 476 U. S., at 703 (plurality
opinion).
These cases have no application here. The government's
operation of the public schools is not a matter of "internal
affairs" akin to the administration of Social Security or the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

Opinion of the Court

selection of "filing cabinets." Id., at 700 (majority opinion).
It implicates direct, coercive interactions between the State
and its young residents. The public school imposes rules
and standards of conduct on its students and holds a limited
power to discipline them for misconduct. See, e.g., Mahanoy
Area School Dist. v. B. L., -- 188 (2021). If
questions of public school curriculum were purely a matter
of internal affairs, one could imagine that other First
Amendment protections -- such as the right to free speech
or the right to be free from established religion -- would also
be inapplicable in the public school context. But our prece-
dents plainly provide otherwise. See Tinker, 393 U. S., at
506; Weisman, 505 U. S., at 587.
c
Next, we cannot agree with the decision of the lower
courts to dismiss our holding in Yoder out of hand. Alt-
hough the decision turned on a close analysis of the facts in
the record, there is no reason to conclude that the decision
is "sui generis" or uniquely "tailored to [its] specific evi-
dence," as the courts below reasoned. See 688 F. Supp. 3d,
at 301; 102 F. 4th, at 211. We have never confined Yoder to
its facts. To the contrary, we have treated it like any other
precedent. We have at times relied on it as a statement of
general principles. See, e.g., Espinoza, 591 U. S., at 486;
Employment Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore. v.
Smith, and (1990). And we have
distinguished it when appropriate. See, e.g., Lyng, 485
U. S., at 456 -- 457.
True, we noted in Yoder that the Amish had made a "con-
vincing showing, one that probably few other religious
groups or sects could make." 406 U. S., at 235 -- 236; see post,
at 21 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). But that language must
be read in the context of the specific claims raised by the
Amish respondents. They did not challenge a discrete edu-
cational requirement or element of the curriculum, like the
30 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

plaintiffs in Barnette. Instead, they asserted a right to
withdraw their children from all conventional schooling af-
ter a certain age. Such a claim required them to show that
the practice of formal education after the eighth grade
would substantially and systemically interfere with the re-
ligious development of their children. It was on that point
that they had made a "convincing showing" that others
might struggle to make. But that says nothing at all about
whether other parents could make the same convincing
showing with respect to more specific educational require-
ments. Yoder is an important precedent of this Court, and
it cannot be breezily dismissed as a special exception
granted to one particular religious minority.
It instead embodies a principle of general applicability,
and that principle provides more robust protection for reli-
gious liberty than the alarmingly narrow rule that the dis-
sent propounds. The dissent sees the Free Exercise
Clause's guarantee as nothing more than protection against
compulsion or coercion to renounce or abandon one's reli-
gion. See post, at 10 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.) ("the
Clause prohibits the government from compelling individu-
als, whether directly or indirectly, to give up or violate their
religious beliefs"); ibid. (the "Free Exercise Clause forbids
affirmatively compelling individuals to perform acts unde-
niably at odds with fundamental tenets of their religious
beliefs" (internal quotation marks and alterations omit-
ted)); ibid. (the "Free Exercise Clause prohibits laws that
have a tendency to coerce individuals into acting contrary
to their religious beliefs" (internal quotation marks omit-
ted)). Under this test, even instruction that denigrates or
ridicules students' religious beliefs would apparently be al-
lowed.9

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 In a footnote, the dissent retreats and suggests that denigration and

ridicule could amount to prohibited "coercion." See post, at 12, (opin-
ion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). But this concession is either meaningless or un-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

Opinion of the Court

We reject this chilling vision of the power of the state to
strip away the critical right of parents to guide the religious
development of their children. Yoder and Barnette embody
a very different view of religious liberty, one that comports
with the fundamental values of the American people.
d
We also disagree with the Fourth Circuit's view that the
record before us is too "threadbare" to demonstrate a bur-
den on religious exercise. 102 F. 4th, at 209. That court
faulted the parents for failing to make specific allegations
describing how the books "are actually being used in class-
rooms." Id., at 213. But when a deprivation of First
Amendment rights is at stake, a plaintiff need not wait for
the damage to occur before filing suit. Susan B. Anthony
List v. Driehaus, (2014) ). Instead, to pursue a
pre-enforcement challenge, a plaintiff must show that "the
threatened injury is certainly impending, or there is a sub-
stantial risk that the harm will occur." 573 U. S., at 158. Here, the parents have
undoubtedly made that showing. The Board does not dis-
pute that it is introducing the storybooks into classrooms,
that it is requiring teachers to use them as part of instruc-
tion, and that it has encouraged teachers to approach class-
room discussions in a certain way. See, e.g., Brief for Re-
spondents 9 -- 10. We do not need to "wait and see" how a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
dermines the dissent's entire argument. The primary definition of "coer-
cion" is little different from compulsion. See Webster's Third New Inter-
national Dictionary 439 (1971) ("use of physical or moral force to compel
to act or assent"); Random House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary 398
(2d ed. 2001) ("use of force or intimidation to obtain compliance"). If that
is what the dissent means by "coercion," then it is unclear why ridicule
or denigration would qualify as coercion under its test. By contrast, if
the dissent defines "coercion" to require less, then it has failed to explain
why our understanding of what the Clause protects is flawed.
32 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

particular book is used in a particular classroom on a par-
ticular day before evaluating the parents' First Amendment
claims. We need only decide whether -- if teachers act ac-
cording to the clear and undisputed instructions of the
Board -- a burden on religious exercise will occur.
Besides, it is not clear how the Fourth Circuit expects the
parents to obtain specific information about how a particu-
lar book was used or is planned for use at a particular time.
The Board has stated that it will not notify parents when
the books are being read. And it is not realistic to expect
parents to rely on after-the-fact reports by their young chil-
dren to determine whether the parents' free exercise rights
have been burdened. In circumstances like these, where
the Board has clearly stated how it intends to proceed, the
parents may base their First Amendment claim on the
Board's representations.
e
Finally, we reject the alternatives offered to parents by
those who would defend the judgment below. The first of
those proposed alternatives is the suggestion that any par-
ents who are unhappy about the instruction in question can
simply "place their children in private school or... educate
them at home." Brief for Religious and Civil-Rights Organ-
izations as Amici Curiae 14; accord, Brief for National Ed-
ucation Association et al. as Amici Curiae 15; Brief for
American Civil Liberties Union et al. as Amici Curiae 10;
Tr. of Oral Arg. 61 -- 62. The availability of this option is no
answer to the parents' First Amendment objections. As we
have previously held, when the government chooses to pro-
vide public benefits, it may not "condition the availability of
[those] benefits upon a recipient's willingness to surrender
his religiously impelled status." Trinity Lutheran Church
of Columbia, Inc. v. Comer, (2017) (inter-
nal quotations marks and alterations omitted). That is
what the Board has done here. Public education is a public
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

Opinion of the Court

benefit, and the government cannot "condition" its "availa-
bility" on parents' willingness to accept a burden on their
religious exercise. Ibid. Moreover, since education is com-
pulsory in Maryland, see Md. Educ. Code Ann. -- 301(a -- 
1)(1), the parents are not being asked simply to forgo a pub-
lic benefit. They have an obligation -- enforceable by fine or
imprisonment -- to send their children to public school un-
less they find an adequate substitute. -- 301(a)(3), (e).10
And many parents cannot afford such a substitute.
The provision of education is an expensive endeavor. In
Montgomery County, as in many other jurisdictions, public
education is the most significant expenditure in the county
budget by a wide margin.11 In the 2025 -- 2026 school year,
the county expects to spend $3.6 billion on public schools,
amounting to roughly $22,644 per student. See M. Elrich,
County Executive, FY26 Recommended Operating Budget
and FY26 -- FY31 Public Services Program, pp. 16 (mes-
sage), 10 -- 11 (Mar. 2025). To help finance that budget,
Montgomery County will levy property taxes and income
taxes on all residents, regardless of whether they send their
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 In light of this obligation, Wisconsin v. Yoder, (1972),

cannot be distinguished, as the dissent claims, see post, at 14 -- 15 (opinion
of SOTOMAYOR, J.), on the ground that it involved compulsory school at-
tendance. Here, the parents are being "affirmatively compel[led]" to do
the same thing as the parents in Yoder: submit their children to instruc-
tion that would "substantially interfer[e] with the[ir] religious develop-
ment." 406 U. S., at 218. The dissent claims that the parents in Yoder,
unlike petitioners, "were prohibited by the challenged law from engaging
in religious teaching at home," post, at 15, but that is plainly untrue.
All that the Wisconsin law required was that the children attend school
until they reached the age of 16. Yoder, 406 U. S., at 207. The State
made no effort to prevent religious training when students were not in
school.
11 In fiscal year 2026, the county expects to spend 47.3% of its budget on

public schools. See Montgomery County MD, Operating Budget by the
Numbers (2025), https://apps.montgomerycountymd.gov/BASISOPERATING
/Common/Index.aspx. By comparison, the next greatest expenditure
(public safety) is expected to account for just 10.6% of the budget. Ibid.
34 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

children to a public school. Id., at 5 -- 10 to 5 -- 11. Private
elementary schools in Montgomery County are expensive;
many cost $10,000 or more per year prior to financial aid.12
And homeschooling comes with a hefty price as well; it re-
quires at least one parent to stay at home during the nor-
mal workday to educate children, thereby forgoing addi-
tional income opportunities. It is both insulting and legally
unsound to tell parents that they must abstain from public
education in order to raise their children in their religious
faiths, when alternatives can be prohibitively expensive
and they already contribute to financing the public schools.
Although the dissent does not follow suit in proposing
that the objecting parents send their children to private
school, it offers two other alternatives that are no better.
First, it suggests that the parents in this case have no legit-
imate cause for concern because enforcement of the Board's
policy would not prevent them from "teach[ing] their reli-
gious beliefs and practices to their children at home." Post,
at 15, (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). This suggestion com-
plements the dissent's narrow view of the right of parents
to raise their children in accordance with their faith. Ac-
cording to the dissent, parents who send their children to
public school must endure any instruction that falls short
of direct compulsion or coercion and must try to counteract
that teaching at home. The Free Exercise Clause is not so
feeble. The parents in Barnette and Yoder were similarly
capable of teaching their religious values "at home," but
that made no difference to the First Amendment analysis
in those cases.
Mustering one last alternative, the dissent asserts that,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 See, e.g., Melvin J. Berman Hebrew Academy, Tuition and Financial

Aid, https://www.bermanhebrewacademy.org/admissions/financial-aid;
St. Bartholomew Catholic School, Tuition, https://www.school.
stbartholomew.org/tuition-and-support; St. Bernadette Catholic School,
2025 -- 2026 Tuition, https://saintbernadetteschool.org/tuition; Alim Acad-
emy, Tuition 2025 -- 2026, https://alimacademy.org/tuition-2025-2026/.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

Opinion of the Court

under its approach, the parents would "remain free to raise
objections to specific material through the" democratic pro-
cess. Post, at 28. In making this argument, the dissent
seems to confuse our country with those in which laws en-
acted by a parliament or another legislative body cannot be
challenged in court. In this country, that is not so. Here,
the Bill of Rights and the doctrine of judicial review protect
individuals who cannot obtain legislative change. The First
Amendment protects the parents' religious liberty, and they
had every right to file suit to protect that right.13
B
For these reasons, we conclude that the Board's introduc-
tion of the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks, combined with
its no-opt-out policy, burdens the parents' right to the free
exercise of religion. We now turn to the question whether
that burden is constitutionally permitted.
1
Under our precedents, the government is generally free
to place incidental burdens on religious exercise so long as
it does so pursuant to a neutral policy that is generally ap-
plicable. Smith, 494 U. S., at 878 -- 879. Thus, in most cir-
cumstances, two questions remain after a burden on reli-
gious exercise is found. First, a court must ask if the
burdensome policy is neutral and generally applicable. Sec-
ond, if the first question can be answered in the negative, a
court will proceed to ask whether the policy can survive
strict scrutiny. Under that standard, the government must
demonstrate that "its course was justified by a compelling
state interest and was narrowly tailored in pursuit of that
interest." Kennedy, 597 U. S., at 525.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 In any event, the dissent's argument ignores the extensive efforts

already made by parents in Montgomery County. Indeed, hundreds of
parents beseeched the Board to allow opt outs, but those pleas fell largely
on deaf ears. Supra, at 8 -- 10.
36 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

Here, the character of the burden requires us to proceed
differently. When the burden imposed is of the same char-
acter as that imposed in Yoder, we need not ask whether
the law at issue is neutral or generally applicable before
proceeding to strict scrutiny. That much is clear from our
decisions in Yoder and Smith.
In Yoder, the Court rejected the contention that the case
could be "disposed of on the grounds that Wisconsin's re-
quirement... applies uniformly to all citizens of the State
and does not, on its face, discriminate against religions or a
particular religion." 406 U. S., at 220. Instead, the Court
bypassed those issues and proceeded to subject the law to
close judicial scrutiny, asking whether the State's interest
"in its system of compulsory education [was] so compelling
that even the established religious practices of the Amish
must give way." Id., at 221.
Then, in Smith, we recognized Yoder as an exception to
the general rule that governments may burden religious ex-
ercise pursuant to neutral and generally applicable laws.
Specifically, we described Yoder as a case "in which we have
held that the First Amendment bars application of a neu-
tral, generally applicable law to religiously motivated ac-
tion." Smith, 494 U. S., at 881. And we explained that the
general rule did not apply in Yoder because of the special
character of the burden in that case. 494 U. S., at 881.
Thus, when a law imposes a burden of the same character
as that in Yoder, strict scrutiny is appropriate regardless of
whether the law is neutral or generally applicable.14
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 In Smith, the Court speculated that the general rule was not applied

in Yoder because it "involved not the Free Exercise Clause alone, but the
Free Exercise Clause in conjunction with other constitutional protec-
tions." 494 U. S., at 881. We need not consider whether the case before
us qualifies as such a "hybrid rights" case. Contra, post, at 35
(SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). Rather, it is sufficient to note that the bur-
den imposed here is of the exact same character as that in Yoder. That
is enough to conclude that here, as in Yoder, strict scrutiny is appropriate
regardless of whether the policy is neutral and generally applicable.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 37

Opinion of the Court

As we have explained, the burden in this case is of the
exact same character as the burden in Yoder. The Board's
policies, like the compulsory-attendance requirement in
Yoder, "substantially interfer[e] with the religious develop-
ment" of the parents' children. 406 U. S., at 218. And those
policies pose "a very real threat of undermining" the reli-
gious beliefs and practices that the parents wish to instill
in their children. Ibid. We therefore proceed to consider
whether the policies can survive strict scrutiny.
2
To survive strict scrutiny, a government must demon-
strate that its policy "advances 'interests of the highest or-
der' and is narrowly tailored to achieve those interests."
Fulton v. Philadelphia, (2021) ). In its filings before us, the Board asserts
that its curriculum and no-opt-out policy serve its compel-
ling interest in "maintaining a school environment that is
safe and conducive to learning for all students." Brief for
Respondents 49. It re-
lies on the statements of an MCPS official who testified that
permitting opt outs would result in "significant disruptions
to the classroom environment" and would expose certain
students to "social stigma and isolation." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 607a -- 608a.
We do not doubt that, as a general matter, schools have a
"compelling interest in having an undisrupted school ses-
sion conducive to the students' learning." Grayned v. City
of Rockford, (1972). But the Board's con-
duct undermines its assertion that its no-opt-out policy is
necessary to serve that interest. As we have noted, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
We acknowledge the many arguments pressed by the parents that the
Board's policies are not neutral and generally applicable. See Brief for
Petitioners 35 -- 44. But we need not consider those arguments further
given that strict scrutiny is appropriate under Yoder.
38 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

Board continues to permit opt outs in a variety of other cir-
cumstances, including for "noncurricular" activities and the
"Family Life and Human Sexuality" unit of instruction, for
which opt outs are required under Maryland law. App. to
Pet. for Cert. 672a; Brief for Respondents 10 -- 11 (2)). And the Board
goes to great lengths to provide independent, parallel pro-
gramming for many other students, such as those who qual-
ify as emergent multilingual learners (EMLs) or who qual-
ify for an individualized educational program.15
This robust "system of exceptions" undermines the
Board's contention that the provision of opt outs to religious
parents would be infeasible or unworkable. Fulton, 593
U. S., at 542.
The Board's attempt to distinguish the other programs
for which it provides opt outs is unconvincing. The Board
asserts that the "Family Life and Human Sexuality" unit of
instruction is meaningfully different because it is "discrete"
and "predictably timed," and therefore schools can accom-
modate opt outs without producing the same "absenteeism
and administrability concerns." Brief for Respondents 46.
But this assertion only tends to show that the Board's con-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
15 As of September 30, 2023, 24.6% of Montgomery County elemen-

tary school students qualified as EMLs. See MCPS, School Profiles,
MCPS Elementary Summary Dashboard, at Slide 1, https://www.
montgomeryschoolsmd.org/school-profiles/. Many MCPS schools provide
EML students with independent parallel programming pursuant to a
"[p]ullout" model, "in which... teachers work with EML students out-
side of regular content classrooms." M. McKnight, MCPS Superinten-
dent, English Language Development Program Evaluation Report, pt. 2,
pp. 2 -- 4 to 2 -- 5 (Dec. 15, 2022) (prepared by Center for Applied Linguis-
tics). In the 2022 -- 2023 school year, "approximately one out of every
eight students" in MCPS schools received "special education services"
pursuant to an " 'Individualized Educational Program.' " Brief for 66
Members of Congress as Amici Curiae 18 -- 19.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 39

Opinion of the Court

cerns about "administrability" are a product of its own de-
sign. If the Board can structure the "Family Life and Hu-
man Sexuality" curriculum to more easily accommodate opt
outs, it could structure instruction concerning the
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks similarly. The Board can-
not escape its obligation to honor parents' free exercise
rights by deliberately designing its curriculum to make pa-
rental opt outs more cumbersome.
The Board also suggests that permitting opt outs from
the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks would be especially un-
workable because, when it permitted such opt outs in the
past, they resulted in "unsustainably high numbers of ab-
sent students." Id., at 12. But again, the Board's concern
is self-inflicted. The Board is doubtless aware of the pres-
ence in Montgomery County of substantial religious com-
munities whose members hold traditional views on mar-
riage, sex, and gender. When it comes to instruction that
would burden the religious exercise of parents, the Board
cannot escape its obligations under the Free Exercise
Clause by crafting a curriculum that is so burdensome that
a substantial number of parents elect to opt out. There is
no de maximis exception to the Free Exercise Clause.
Nor can the Board's policies be justified by its asserted
interest in protecting students from "social stigma and iso-
lation." App. to Pet. for Cert. 608a. In Maryland, the "Fam-
ily Life and Human Sexuality" unit of instruction includes
discussions about sexuality and gender. See Maryland
State Dept. of Ed., Maryland Comprehensive Health Edu-
cation Framework 33 (June 2021). Yet the Board has not
suggested that the legally-required provision of opt outs
from that curriculum has resulted in stigma or isolation.
Even if it did, the Board cannot purport to rescue one group
of students from stigma and isolation by stigmatizing and
isolating another. A classroom environment that is wel-
coming to all students is something to be commended, but
such an environment cannot be achieved through hostility
40 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Opinion of the Court

toward the religious beliefs of students and their parents.
We acknowledge that "courts are not school boards or leg-
islatures, and are ill-equipped to determine the 'necessity'
of discrete aspects of a State's program of compulsory edu-
cation." Yoder, 406 U. S., at 235. It must be emphasized
that what the parents seek here is not the right to mi-
cromanage the public school curriculum, but rather to have
their children opt out of a particular educational require-
ment that burdens their well-established right "to direct
'the religious upbringing' of their children." Espinoza, 591
U. S., at 486. We
express no view on the educational value of the Board's pro-
posed curriculum, other than to state that it places an un-
constitutional burden on the parents' religious exercise if it
is imposed with no opportunity for opt outs. Providing such
an opportunity would give the parents no substantive con-
trol over the curriculum itself.
Several States across the country permit broad opt outs
from discrete aspects of the public school curriculum with-
out widespread consequences. See, e.g., 22 Pa. Code.4(d)(3) (2025); Minn. Stat..20 (2024); Ariz. Rev.
Stat. Ann. -- 102(A)(4), (8)(c) (2024). And prior to the
introduction of the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybooks, the
Board's own "Guidelines for Respecting Religious Diver-
sity" gave parents a broad right to have their children ex-
cused from specific aspects of the school curriculum. These
facts belie any suggestion that the provision of parental opt
outs in circumstances like these "will impose impossible ad-
ministrative burdens on schools." Post, at 24 (SOTOMAYOR,
J., dissenting).
IV
The Board's introduction of the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" sto-
rybooks, along with its decision to withhold opt outs, places
an unconstitutional burden on the parents' rights to the
free exercise of their religion. The parents have therefore
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 41

Opinion of the Court

shown that they are likely to succeed in their free exercise
claims. They have likewise shown entitlement to a prelim-
inary injunction pending the completion of this lawsuit. In
the absence of an injunction, the parents will continue to be
put to a choice: either risk their child's exposure to burden-
some instruction, or pay substantial sums for alternative
educational services. As we have explained, that choice un-
constitutionally burdens the parents' religious exercise,
and " '[t]he loss of First Amendment freedoms, for even min-
imal periods of time, unquestionably constitutes irrepara-
ble injury.' " Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn v. Cuomo,
(2020) (per curiam) (plurality opinion)). Fur-
thermore, in light of the strong showing made by the par-
ents here, and the lack of a compelling interest supporting
the Board's policies, an injunction is both equitable and in
the public interest. The petitioners should receive prelimi-
nary relief while this lawsuit proceeds. See Winter, 555
U. S., at 20. Specifically, until all appellate review in this
case is completed, the Board should be ordered to notify
them in advance whenever one of the books in question or
any other similar book is to be used in any way and to allow
them to have their children excused from that instruction.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed, and the
case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.
42 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of the Court

APPENDIX

App. to Pet. for Cert. 286a
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 43

Appendix to opinion of the Court

App. to Pet. for Cert. 287a
44 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of the Court

App. to Pet. for Cert. 288a
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 45

Appendix to opinion of the Court

App. to Pet. for Cert. 323a
46 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of the Court

App. to Pet. for Cert. 350a
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 47

Appendix to opinion of the Court

App. to Pet. for Cert. 424a
48 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of the Court

App. to Pet. for Cert. 459a
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 49

Appendix to opinion of the Court

App. to Pet. for Cert. 461a
50 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of the Court

App. to Pet. for Cert. 462a
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 51

Appendix to opinion of the Court

App. to Pet. for Cert. 465a
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 297
_________________

TAMER MAHMOUD, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.
THOMAS W. TAYLOR, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring.
The Board of Education of Montgomery County (Board)
adopted a series of controversial "LGBTQ+-inclusive" story-
books for use in its prekindergarten through fifth-grade
English Language Arts (ELA) curriculum. Hundreds of
parents raised religious objections and sought to use the
Board's then-existing opt-out policy to exclude their chil-
dren from lessons involving these books. The Board re-
sponded by removing the opt-out option, and even refused
to provide parents with notice of when schools would use
the materials. Parents sued, arguing that the Board's new
no-opt-out policy violates their First Amendment rights.
The Court correctly holds that the policy contravenes the
parents' free exercise right to direct the religious upbring-
ing of their children, see ante, at 17, and I join its opinion
in full. I write separately to highlight additional reasons
why the Board's policy cannot survive constitutional scru-
tiny, as well as to emphasize an important implication of
this decision for schools across the country.
I
As the Court today holds, the Board's policy is incompat-
ible with this Court's decision in Wisconsin v. Yoder, (1972). Ante, at 17 -- 27. Yoder addressed whether
a Wisconsin law requiring children to attend school past the
2 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

THOMAS, J., concurring

eighth grade violated the free exercise rights of Amish par-
ents who objected on the ground that the law interfered
with their ability to direct their children's religious up-
bringing. 406 U. S., at 207 -- 209. In holding that the law
violated the parents' First Amendment rights, the Court
made clear that only "interests of the highest order" that
are "not otherwise served can overbalance legitimate claims
to the free exercise of religion." Id., at 215.
The Court understood history and tradition to inform the
inquiry whether Wisconsin had established "interests of the
highest order," and it explicitly examined the historical ped-
igree of the State's alleged interest in education past the
eighth grade. The Court explained that one key reason why
Wisconsin's interests could not justify its law as applied to
the Amish was that "compulsory education beyond the
eighth grade [was] a relatively recent development" that
emerged "[l]ess than 60 years ago," yet the Amish had a
track record of "successful social functioning... approach-
ing almost three centuries." Id., at 226 -- 227. In a similar
vein, the Court observed that the Amish were not "a group
claiming to have recently discovered some 'progressive' or
more enlightened process for rearing children," but instead
had a centuries-long history "as an identifiable religious
sect and a long history as a successful and self-sufficient
segment of American society." Id., at 235. Thus, for the
Amish, education past the eighth grade was demonstrably
inessential to "meeting the duties of citizenship." Id., at
227.
That analysis is instructive here. As with compulsory ed-
ucation past the eighth grade at the time the Court decided
Yoder, sex education is also a "relatively recent develop-
ment" -- and the practice of teaching sexuality- and gender-
related lessons to young children even more so. And, as in
Yoder, there is little to suggest that these lessons are criti-
cal to the students' civic development.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

What is now labeled "sex education" is a 20th-century in-
novation. Early in the Nation's history, "schooling seldom
extended beyond the elementary subjects." M. Katz, A His-
tory of Compulsory Education Laws 14 (1976). It was not
until the 1970s that public schools began implementing
what we might today recognize as sex education, with les-
sons focused on cautioning students about how to avoid "un-
intended pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases." K.
Rufo, Note, Public Policy vs. Parent Policy: States Battle
Over Whether Public Schools Can Provide Condoms to Mi-
nors Without Parental Consent, 13 N. Y. L. S. J. Hum.
Rights 589, 591 -- 592, and (1997). Sex education has
shifted in recent decades toward the even more controver-
sial "[c]omprehensive [a]pproach," though the curriculum
generally still "begin[s] with 'basic facts' " and emphasizes
"contraceptive use" to avoid pregnancy and disease. Id., at
592 -- 593; see Brief for Petitioners 32.
The practice of teaching sexuality and gender identity to
very young children at school appears to be significantly
more recent than typical sex education. Although the plain-
tiffs placed the storybook curriculum's recency and lack of
historical pedigree in issue, see id., at 47, the Board failed
to identify any tradition of teaching sexuality and gender
identity to young children -- much less a tradition of pre-
venting parents from opting their children out of such in-
struction. The Board's "LGBTQ+-inclusive" storybook cur-
riculum appears to be as novel as the storybooks
themselves, all of which were published within the last dec-
ade.1 See App. to Pet. for Cert. 603a (storybook curriculum
was adopted because "[i]n recent years" ELA curriculum
had not been sufficiently representative of Montgomery
County community).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See S. Brannen, Uncle Bobby's Wedding (2020); C. Johnson, L. Coun-

cil, & C. Choi, Intersection Allies (2019); D. Haack, Prince & Knight
(2020); C. Wild, Love, Violet (2021); J. Patterson, Born Ready (2021).
4 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

THOMAS, J., concurring

The storybook curriculum is also different in kind from
traditional sex education. See Brief for Respondents 1 -- 2
("[T]he storybooks are not sex-education materials"). In-
stead of incorporating materials focused on health and re-
production, for example, the Board chose the storybooks
based on factors such as whether they "reinforced or dis-
rupted" "heteronormativity," "cisnormativity," and "power
hierarchies that uphold the dominant culture." App. to Pet.
for Cert. 622a; see also ante, at 3 -- 4. The Board further pro-
vided teachers with guidance about how to conduct
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" instruction, which, among other
things, suggested that teachers should "[d]isrupt" their stu-
dents' "either/or thinking" about sexuality and gender.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 629a, 633a. In the Board's view, these
instructional directives helped advance its objective of "ed-
ucational equity" -- that is, viewing each student's "[g]ender
identity and expression," "[s]exual orientation," and other
specified "individual characteristics as valuable." Code of
Md. Regs., tit. 13a,.06.01(B), 01.06.03(B) (2025).2
Yoder's historical analysis applies with full force in this
case. Until very recently, young children have gone without
sexual- and gender-identity education in school. Nothing
suggests that the countless generations who did not receive

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The majority discusses five books currently incorporated in the

Board's "LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum. Ante, at 4 -- 6. The Board had
also approved another book, Pride Puppy, but, after more than a year of
using the book in classroom instruction, the Board removed it due to con-
tent concerns during the course of this litigation. See N. Asbury, Mont-
gomery Schools Stopped Using Two LGBTQ-Inclusive Books Amid Legal
Battle, Washington Post, Oct. 23, 2024, https://www.washingtonpost.
com/education/2024/10/23/montgomery-schools-opt-out-storybooks/; see
also ante, at 4,. Pride Puppy tells the story of a young child "cele-
brating Pride Day" and losing her dog in the parade. See App. to Pet. for
Cert. 234a. The book, which the Board intended for teachers to read to
3- and 4-year-olds, see ibid., invites readers to search for items depicted
in the book's illustrations, including "underwear," a "[drag] king," and a
"[drag] queen," id., at 270a.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring

such education failed to "mee[t] the duties of citizenship,"
406 U. S., at 227 -- or that, if they did, their failure was due
to a lack of exposure to sexual- and gender-identity instruc-
tion during early adolescence. Further, as in Yoder, the
parents seeking to protect their children's religious up-
bringings do not belong to a group pushing some "recently
discovered... 'progressive' or more enlightened process for
rearing children for modern life." Id., at 235. They are de-
vout Christians and Muslims. See ante, at 11 -- 13. Given
the novelty of its "LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum and no-
opt-out policy, if any party is pressing a progressive child-
rearing process in this litigation, clearly it is the Board.
Such an unprecedented curriculum cannot "overbalance"
the parents' "legitimate claims to the free exercise of reli-
gion." 406 U. S., at 215.3
II
Perhaps recognizing that its ban on parental opt-outs
lacks historical support, the Board seeks to defend its policy
by claiming that it promotes "equity" and "inclusi[on]" and
diminishes classroom disruption. Decl. of N. Hazel in
Mahmoud v. McKnight, No. 8:23 -- cv -- 01380 (D Md.), ECF
Doc. 42 -- 1, pp. 2, 6; Brief for Respondents 49. But, these
assertions do not amount to "interests of the highest order"
sufficient to justify the policy's interference with parents'
First Amendment rights. Yoder, 406 U. S., at 215. And,
much of the alleged potential for classroom disruption
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 According to JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, the recency inquiry outlined in

Yoder could inhibit schools' ability to teach "computer literacy, robotics,
and film studies," and thus "fails to appreciate the constantly evolving
nature of education." Post, at 37, (dissenting opinion). But, JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR fails to appreciate the enduring nature of religion -- and the
Constitution's respect for it. As the Court explained in Yoder, a com-
pelled curriculum focused on "contemporary worldly society" -- no matter
how practically useful -- may still impermissibly "contraven[e]... basic
religious tenets and practice..., both as to the parent and the child."
406 U. S., at 211, 218.
6 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

THOMAS, J., concurring

stems from choices that the Board itself made.
A
The record in this case suggests that the Board's
"LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum and no-opt-out policy rest
on the sort of conformity-driven rationales that this Court
rejected in Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925).
In Yoder, the Court observed that if a State were "empow-
ered, as parens patriae, to 'save' a child" from the supposed
"ignorance" of his religious upbringing, then "the State will
in large measure influence, if not determine, the religious
future of the child." 406 U. S., at 222, 232. Such an ar-
rangement would upend the "enduring American tradition"
of parents occupying the "primary role... in the upbringing
of their children" -- a role that includes the "inculcation of... religious beliefs." Id., at 232 -- 233.
In reaching this conclusion, the Court relied heavily on
its earlier decision in Pierce, which articulated "perhaps the
most significant statements of the Court in this area."
Yoder, 406 U. S., at 232. The Court held in Pierce that Or-
egon's Compulsory Education Act, 1922 Ore. Laws p. 9, as amending, which mandated public schooling for
children between 8 and 16 years old and thus forbade them
from attending religious schools, "unreasonably interfere[d]
with the liberty of parents and guardians to direct the up-
bringing and education of children under their control."
Pierce, 268 U. S., at 530, 534 -- 535. "The fundamental the-
ory of liberty upon which all governments in this Union re-
pose," the Court explained, "excludes any general power of
the State to standardize its children by forcing them to ac-
cept instruction from public teachers only." Id., at 535. The
Court rejected the premise that the child was merely a
"creature of the State"; rather, "those who nurture him and
direct his destiny have the right, coupled with the high
duty, to recognize and prepare him for additional obliga-
tions." Ibid.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

THOMAS, J., concurring

While the Court did not decide Pierce on free exercise
grounds,4 the context in which Pierce arose confirms that it
"stands as a charter of the rights of parents to direct the
religious upbringing of their children." Yoder, 406 U. S., at
233. The case came to the Court during "a time of broad
and relentless hostility to the European immigrants whose
labor the nation needed but whose religions were seen as
alien and un-American." S. Carter, Parents, Religion and
Schools: Reflections on Pierce, 70 Years Later, 27 Seton
Hall L. Rev. 1194, 1196 (1997) (Carter). "Roman Catholi-
cism and, to a lesser extent, Judaism, were widely viewed
as threats to America, which was self-consciously a
Protestant country." Id., at 1197. Public schooling was per-
ceived as a solution that could "Protestantize the immi-
grant children" and thus diminish the threats these foreign
beliefs posed. Id., at 1199; see also Espinoza v. Montana
Dept. of Revenue, -- 504 (2020) (ALITO, J.,
concurring) (describing popular anti-Catholic sentiment
and attempts to " 'Americanize' the incoming Catholic im-
migrants"). Unsurprisingly, parents who adhered to the
disfavored faiths sought alternative educational options.
"[B]y the end of the nineteenth century, there were Catholic
schools everywhere there were Catholics." Carter 1200.
The arguments that Oregon pressed in defense of its com-
pulsory-education law make clear that the State sought ide-
ological conformity among its citizens, and viewed immi-
grants and their religious schools as standing in the way.
It would be "both unjust and unreasonable," Oregon argued,
"to prevent [the States] from taking the steps which each
may deem necessary and proper for Americanizing its new
immigrants and developing them into patriotic and law-
abiding citizens." Pierce, 268 U. S., at 526 (arguments of

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Court decided Pierce 15 years before it recognized that the First

Amendment's free-exercise guarantee applies against the States. See
Cantwell v. Connecticut, (1940).
8 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

THOMAS, J., concurring

counsel). Absent such power, there would be no way to "pre-
vent the entire education of a considerable portion of [a
State's] future citizens being controlled and conducted by
bolshevists, syndicalists and communists." Ibid. The State
even asserted an interest in "a greater equality" to justify
its attempt at state-enforced uniformity. Id., at 527.
Though these sentiments were "comfortably consonant
with the smart-set views of the day," R. Garnett, Taking
Pierce Seriously: The Family, Religious Education, and
Harm to Children, 76 Notre Dame L. Rev. 109, 124 (2000)
(Garnett),5 the Court rejected them as antithetical to our
Nation's "fundamental theory of liberty," 268 U. S., at 535.
The Board's "LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum and no-opt-
out policy pursue the kind of ideological conformity that
Pierce and Yoder prohibit. To be sure, the Board frames its
policy in more veiled terms. It has maintained throughout
this litigation that the storybooks serve broad interests in
"promot[ing] equity, respect, and civility among [its] diverse
community"; "normaliz[ing] a fully inclusive environment";

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The anti-Catholic views animating Oregon's law were both popular

and prestigious. Harper's Weekly warned that "every good citizen should
strenuously oppose" Catholics' plans for "extension of the Roman sect."
The "Parochial" Schools, Harpers Weekly, Apr. 10, 1875, p. 294; see also
Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Revenue, (2020) (ALITO,
J., concurring) (picturing 1871 Harper's Weekly cartoon "depict[ing]
Catholic [bishops] as crocodiles slithering hungrily toward American
children"). "Books full of anti-Catholic sentiment, and stern nativist
warnings, were best-sellers" at the time. Carter 1197. Ellwood Cubber-
ley of Stanford University -- the "preeminent education scholar" of the
era -- "identified the assimilation of immigrants as the dominant school-
ing challenge of the time." J. Driver, The Schoolhouse Gate: Public Ed-
ucation, the Supreme Court, and the Battle for the American Mind 44
(2018). And, John Dewey, one of the 20th century's most prominent ed-
ucational reformers, "insisted that parents should not be permitted to
'inoculate' their children with the outdated and useless religious beliefs
that they 'happen[ed] to have found serviceable to themselves.' " Garnett
124,.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

THOMAS, J., concurring

"encourag[ing] respect for all"; and creating a "safe educa-
tional environment." Defendants' Memorandum of Law in
Opposition, ECF Doc. 42, p. 32; ECF Doc. 42 -- 1, at 2, 6 (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). It further determined
that allowing opt-outs might "expos[e]" students "who be-
lieve that the books represent them or their families" to "so-
cial stigma and isolation." App. to Pet. for Cert. 607a -- 608a;
see also ante, at 10. As the acting principal of one Mont-
gomery County public school euphemistically explained,
"being accepting is the goal." App. to Pet. for Cert. 498a.
But, the Board's response to parents' unsuccessful at-
tempts to opt their children out of the storybook curriculum
conveys that parents' religious views are not welcome in the
"fully inclusive environment" that the Board purports to
foster. ECF Doc. 42 -- 1, at 6. As the majority recounts, the
Board ignored that " 'thousands' of parents felt 'deeply dis-
mayed and betrayed' by the rescission of opt outs from 'con-
tent that conflict[s] with their sincerely held religious be-
liefs.' " Ante, at 10. After parents attempted to opt their
children out of the Board's new curriculum on religious
grounds, at least one Board member suggested that stu-
dents were " ' "parroting" ' " their parents' " ' "dogma" ' " Ibid.
The Board member further analogized the parents to
" ' "white supremacists" ' " and " ' "xenophobes." ' " Ante, at 11.
And, a different Board member suggested that any objec-
tion to the "LGBTQ+-inclusive" curriculum stemmed from
" 'ignorance and hate.' " Ante, at 9. In the Board's view, for
parents to suggest that the storybooks were inappropriate
would be "a dehumanizing form of erasure." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 514a. At a minimum, these statements suggest that
"being accepting" has limits -- and that parents' sincerely
held religious beliefs fall beyond them. Id., at 498a.
The curriculum itself also betrays an attempt to impose
ideological conformity with specific views on sexuality and
gender. The storybooks are, "[l]ike many books targeted at
young children,... unmistakably normative." Ante, at 22.
10 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

THOMAS, J., concurring

They present views that run contrary to traditional reli-
gious teachings as "correct and worthy of acclaim," assert-
ing, for example, that "sex is irrelevant to whether two peo-
ple can get married," that students should question their
genders, and that gender transitions are unequivocally pos-
itive. See ante, at 22 -- 25. Beyond the materials themselves,
the Board instructed teachers to reprimand certain tradi-
tional religious views about sex and gender as " 'hurtful,' "
and to respond to students' questions with answers that,
among other things, endorse same-sex marriage and
transgender ideology. See ante, at 25 -- 26.
The Board's exclusion of traditional religious views, cou-
pled with a curriculum that "pressure[s students] to con-
form," Yoder, 406 U. S., at 211, constitute an impermissible
attempt to "standardize" the views of students, Pierce, 268
U. S., at 535. Just as Oregon claimed that it would use its
education system to promote "equality" and generate "pat-
riotic and law-abiding citizens," id., at 526 -- 527 (arguments
of counsel), the Board purports to use the same means to
promote " 'equity' " and create " 'civi[l]' " students. ECF Doc.
42, at 8, 9. But, in both instances, the government's vision
is irreconcilable with "the rights of parents to direct the re-
ligious upbringing of their children," Yoder, 406 U. S., at
233, even if it aligns with "the smart-set views of the day,"
Garnett 124; see, e.g., H. Alvaré, Families, Schools, and Re-
ligious Freedom, 54 Loyola U. Chi. L. J. 579, 631 -- 632
(2022) (observing that "the most visible corporations and
websites... celebrate beliefs and conduct about the family
that directly contradict Christian norms").
At bottom, the parents in this case are "member[s] of the
community too." Trinity Lutheran Church of Columbia,
Inc. v. Comer, (2017). Their objections to
the Board's curriculum follow "decent and honorable reli-
gious... premises." Obergefell v. Hodges, (2015). Far from promoting "inclusi[on]" and "respect
for all," ECF Doc. 42 -- 1, at 6, the Board's no-opt-out policy
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

THOMAS, J., concurring

imposes conformity with a view that undermines parents'
religious beliefs, and thus interferes with the parents' right
to "direct the religious upbringing of their children," Yoder,
406 U. S., at 232 -- 233.6
B
The Board's alleged interest in efficient administration
does not help it, either. In the Board's view, if it can show
that it " 'could not accommodate the growing number of opt
out requests without causing significant disruptions to the
classroom and undermining [its] educational mission,' "
then it can vindicate its policy. Brief for Respondents 49.
But, as the majority notes, the significant disruptions that
the Board complains about are "a product of its own design."
Ante, at 39. If the Court were to accept the Board's argu-
ment, we would effectively give schools a playbook for evad-
ing the First Amendment.
Teaching young children about sexual and gender iden-
tity in ways that contradict parents' religious teachings un-
dermines those parents' right to "direct the religious up-
bringing of their children," Yoder, 406 U. S., at 233,7 and

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR responds that, "[i]f there is any conformity that

the Board seeks to instill, it is universal acceptance of kindness and ci-
vility." Post, at 33,. I recognize that the Board purports to instill
such a principle. See supra, at 8 -- 9. But, as discussed above, in this case
Board members' treatment of parents has been neither "kin[d]" nor
"civi[l]" nor "universal[ly] accept[ing]." Post, at 33, (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). The Board's decision to disregard -- or, in some cases, to
denigrate -- parents' sincerely held religious beliefs is anathema to its de-
clared objectives.
7 Not only are "sexual orientation and gender identity" "sensitive polit-

ical topics," Janus v. State, County, and Municipal Employees, -- 914 (2018), but education about these subjects is uniquely
likely to "interfer[e]" with children's "religious development," Yoder, 406
U. S., at 218. These subjects relate to "the very architecture" of many
faiths. H. Alvaré, Families, Schools, and Religious Freedom, 54 Loyola
U. Chi. L. J. 579, 629 (2022). Thus, when schools "offe[r] normative an-
swers to moral questions" about these "familial matters," their moral
12 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

THOMAS, J., concurring

the Board may undermine that right only if it has no other
way to advance a compelling interest. Here, not only do the
Board's interests in its curriculum and policy fall below the
"highest order" of importance, see supra, at 4 -- 5, 8 -- 11, but
these alleged logistical challenges are attributable to the
Board's deliberate decision to "weave" the storybooks into
its broader curriculum. Brief for Respondents 13; see also
ante, at 38 -- 39.
The Board easily could avoid sowing tension between its
curriculum and parents' First Amendment rights. Most
straightforwardly, rather than attempt to "weave the story-
books seamlessly into ELA lessons," the Board could cabin
its sexual- and gender-identity instruction to specific units.
Brief for Respondents 13; see ante, at 38 -- 39. The Board's
formal sex-education curriculum, for example, is a "dis-
crete" "[u]nit of [i]nstruction" from which parents may opt
out their children "for any reason." Brief for Respondents
11; see also Tr. of Oral Arg. 131 (noting that sex education
is "something where you're able to predict precisely when
the curriculum is going to be deployed"). Had the Board
confined its "LGBTQ-inclusive" curriculum to a "discrete"
"[u]nit" as well, Brief for Respondents 11, parental opt outs
would pose no greater administrative burden on schools
than those that the schools already confront. The Board
instead chose to incorporate these controversial concepts
into broader instruction.
The Board may not insulate itself from First Amendment
liability by "weav[ing]" religiously offensive material

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
statements inevitably address "religious matter[s]," leaving the instruc-
tion "inseparable from what Pierce and Yoder firmly agreed belongs to
parents' constitutional authority respecting their children." Id., at 617.
The interference with parents' right to direct their children's religious
upbringing is especially pronounced here, given the Board's concession
that the storybook curriculum may provide children with "a new perspec-
tive not easily contravened by their parents." App. 46.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

THOMAS, J., concurring

throughout its curriculum and thereby significantly in-
crease the difficulty and complexity of remedying parents'
constitutional injuries. Id., at 13. Were it otherwise, the
State could nullify parents' First Amendment rights simply
by saturating public schools' core curricula with material
that undermines "family decisions in the area of religious
training." Yoder, 406 U. S., at 231. The "Framers intended"
for "free exercise of religion to flourish." Espinoza, 591
U. S., at 497 (THOMAS, J., concurring). Insofar as schools
or boards attempt to employ their curricula to interfere
with religious exercise, courts should carefully police such
"ingenious defiance of the Constitution" no less than they
do in other contexts. South Carolina v. Katzenbach, (1966).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 297
_________________

TAMER MAHMOUD, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.
THOMAS W. TAYLOR, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
Public schools, this Court has said, are " 'at once the sym-
bol of our democracy and the most pervasive means for pro-
moting our common destiny.' " Edwards v. Aguillard, (1987). They offer to children of all faiths
and backgrounds an education and an opportunity to prac-
tice living in our multicultural society. That experience is
critical to our Nation's civic vitality. Yet it will become a
mere memory if children must be insulated from exposure
to ideas and concepts that may conflict with their parents'
religious beliefs.
Today's ruling ushers in that new reality. Casting aside
longstanding precedent, the Court invents a constitutional
right to avoid exposure to "subtle" themes "contrary to the
religious principles" that parents wish to instill in their
children. Ante, at 23. Exposing students to the "message"
that LGBTQ people exist, and that their loved ones may cel-
ebrate their marriages and life events, the majority says, is
enough to trigger the most demanding form of judicial scru-
tiny. Ibid. That novel rule is squarely foreclosed by our
precedent and offers no limiting principle. Given the great
diversity of religious beliefs in this country, countless inter-
actions that occur every day in public schools might expose
children to messages that conflict with a parent's religious
2 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

beliefs. If that is sufficient to trigger strict scrutiny, then
little is not.
The result will be chaos for this Nation's public schools.
Requiring schools to provide advance notice and the chance
to opt out of every lesson plan or story time that might im-
plicate a parent's religious beliefs will impose impossible
administrative burdens on schools. The harm will not be
borne by educators alone: Children will suffer too. Class-
room disruptions and absences may well inflict long-lasting
harm on students' learning and development.
Worse yet, the majority closes its eyes to the inevitable
chilling effects of its ruling. Many school districts, and par-
ticularly the most resource strapped, cannot afford to en-
gage in costly litigation over opt-out rights or to divert re-
sources to tracking and managing student absences.
Schools may instead censor their curricula, stripping mate-
rial that risks generating religious objections. The Court's
ruling, in effect, thus hands a subset of parents the right to
veto curricular choices long left to locally elected school
boards. Because I cannot countenance the Court's contor-
tion of our precedent and the untold harms that will follow,
I dissent.
I
By the majority's telling, the Montgomery County Public
School Board (Board) has undertaken an intentional cam-
paign to "impose upon children a set of values and beliefs
that are 'hostile' to their parents' religious" principles.
Ante, at 25; see ante, at 3 -- 11. The Court draws on excerpts
from Board documents and statements, shorn from context,
see infra, at 30 -- 33, and, that it claims reflect that in-
tent. The full record reveals a starkly different reality.
A
In the years leading up to the present dispute, the Board
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

determined that the books in its English language curricu-
lum failed to represent many students and families in the
county. The Board has long been committed to promoting
a "fully inclusive environment for all students" by using in-
structional materials that "reflect [the] diversity of the
global community," including "persons with disabilities,
persons from diverse racial, ethnic, and cultural back-
grounds, as well as persons of diverse gender identity, gen-
der expression, or sexual orientation." App. to Pet. for Cert.
589a -- 590a, 603a. Yet certain perspectives, the Board con-
cluded, were absent from its English language curriculum.
The Board, for instance, determined that some "races and
cultures" were not adequately reflected. Id., at 602a. In
response, it added books like The Leavers, which tells the
story of an Asian-American immigrant family, and the
March trilogy, which recounts the life of civil rights leader
John Lewis.
The Board found that LGBTQ children and families were
similarly underrepresented in its English language curric-
ulum. The books taught in English classes simply "did not
include LGBTQ characters." Id., at 603a. To fill that gap,
the Board worked with a committee of specialists to identify
LGBTQ-inclusive books that it could incorporate into the
existing curriculum. After a years-long process, the Board
announced in October 2022 that it would add several new
books into the elementary school English language curricu-
lum, five of which are at issue in this case (collectively, the
Storybooks).1
Uncle Bobby's Wedding tells the story of a young girl
named Chloe and her "favourite uncle." Id., at 282a. Chloe
loves spending time with her Uncle Bobby, and the two of-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The complaint identified seven books to which petitioners object, but

two are no longer approved for instructional use. See Brief for Respond-
ents 8.
4 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

ten go on adventures, like boating trips and stargazing out-
ings. One day, during a family picnic, Uncle Bobby an-
nounces that he is engaged to his friend, Jamie. The an-
nouncement is met with much excitement, and the whole
family is "smiling and talking and crying and laughing."
Id., at 286a. Chloe, however, is apprehensive. She tells her
uncle she "do[esn't] think [he] should get married" because
she "want[s them] to keep having fun together like always."
Id., at 292a. Uncle Bobby promises that they will " 'still
have fun together,' " ibid., and he and Jamie take Chloe on
trips to the ballet, to the beach, and out camping. Chloe's
excitement for the wedding grows, and on the day of the
ceremony, she "was so happy, she felt like doing a cart-
wheel" down the aisle. Id., at 302a. The story ends with
everyone dancing happily at the wedding under the light of
the moon.

Id., at 279a.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Because the majority selectively excerpts the book in or-
der to rewrite its story, readers are encouraged to go di-
rectly to the source, reproduced below. See Appendix, infra;
see also infra, at 19 -- 20, and.2
The remaining books play on similar themes. Prince &
Knight tells the story of a prince who falls in love with a
young knight after the knight helps him defeat a fearsome
dragon. Love, Violet describes a shy girl who has a crush
on her classmate, Mira and eventually gives her a Valen-
tine's Day card that says "For Mira, Love, Violet." Id., at
434a.
Other books introduce readers to children from different
backgrounds and identities. Intersection Allies features
eight different characters, each with their own unique at-
tributes. Alejandra, for instance, uses a wheelchair that al-
lows her to "zzzip glide and play," id., at 316a, while Kate
prefers "superhero cape[s]" over "[s]kirts and frills" and is
pictured in a gender-neutral bathroom, id., at 322a -- 323a.
Born Ready: The True Story of a Boy Named Penelope tells
the story of a child who likes skateboarding, "baggy blue
jeans, button-front shirts, math, science, and getting
straight A's," and "most of all" wants a "Mohawk haircut."
Id., at 452a. When Penelope tells his mother that he is a
boy, she accepts him: " 'However you feel is fine, baby,' " she
says. Id., at 458a. When Penelope's brother expresses
skepticism, his mother says, " 'Not everything needs to
make sense. This is about love.' " Id., at 465a (emphasis in
original).
The five Storybooks introduce readers to LGBTQ charac-
ters, but they draw on many of the themes common to chil-
dren's books. Indeed, Montgomery County Public Schools
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The majority buries this book at the end of its discussion of the chal-

lenged materials, see ante, at 6, and understandably so. The Court's con-
clusion that even mere exposure to Uncle Bobby's Wedding poses an in-
tolerable "threat" to religious views illustrates the untenable breadth of
its position. Ante, at 25; see infra, at 19 -- 21, and.
6 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(MCPS) libraries are replete with children's books that tell
similar stories about overcoming differences, fairytale ro-
mances, and celebrating big milestones like weddings. See
MCPS Library Portal, https://mcpsmd.follettdestiny.com
/portal (online catalogue of MCPS elementary school books).
The Board directed the schools to use the new books in
the same manner as all other books in the English language
program, namely, to "assist students with mastering read-
ing concepts like answering questions about characters, re-
telling key events about characters in a story, and drawing
inferences about story characters based on their actions."
Id., at 605a. The Board made clear to individual schools
that "there is no planned explicit instruction on gender
identity and sexual orientation in elementary school," using
the Storybooks or otherwise. Ibid. The Board's policies,
moreover, mandate that "no student or adult [will be] asked
to change how they feel about" issues of "gender identity
and sexual orientation," ibid., and that, "[i]f a child does not
agree with or understand another student's gender identity
or expression or their sexuality..., they do not have to
change how they feel about it," id., at 638a; see also id., at
520a.
Before MCPS introduced the books into classrooms, the
Board provided guidance to teachers on how to respond to
student questions and commentary regarding the books.
The guidance focuses on encouraging mutual tolerance and
"respect" for all those in the community. Id., at 628a. To
take one example, if a child says that "[b]eing... gay, les-
bian, queer, etc[.] is wrong and not allowed in [her] reli-
gion," the guidance suggests that a teacher could respond
by saying:
"I understand that is what you believe, but not eve-
ryone believes that. We don't have to understand or
support a person's identity to treat them with respect
and kindness. School is a place where we learn to work
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

together regardless of our differences. In any commu-
nity, we'll always find people with beliefs different from
our own and that is okay -- we can still show them re-
spect." Ibid.
The guidance also directs teachers to discourage the use
of language that could be hurtful to students in the class.
If a student says, "That's so gay," for instance, the guidance
suggests a teacher may respond by saying: "Regardless of
how it's intended, using gay to describe something negative
reflects a long history of prejudice against LGBTQ+ people,
so please don't use it in that way." Id., at 634a.
During the first year of the Storybooks' inclusion in the
English language program, MCPS permitted parents,
through agreements with individual schools, to opt their
children out of lessons that featured the books. Parents be-
gan making individualized opt-out requests. Although
some of the requests were religious in nature, many were
not.
In March 2023, the Board met with a "small group of
principals" and learned that teachers could not accommo-
date the opt-out requests "without causing significant dis-
ruptions to the classroom environment and undermining
MCPS's educational mission." Id., at 607a. The Board also
worried that permitting some students to leave the class-
room whenever a teacher brought out books featuring
LGBTQ characters could expose LGBTQ students (and
those with LGBTQ parents) to social stigma and isolation.
MCPS therefore announced it would no longer permit par-
ents to opt out of instruction using the Storybooks.
B
MCPS regulations establish a multilevel appeal process
for parents to challenge the "appropriateness of instruc-
tional materials or library books." App. 25. Parents can
first raise objections at the school level. If that proves un-
successful, parents can appeal to the head of the district's
8 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

evaluation and selection unit, who must "[a]ppoint an ad
hoc committee" of library media specialists, teachers, prin-
cipals, and other staff "to reevaluate the material." Ibid.
The committee makes a recommendation to the associate
superintendent for instruction and program development,
who herself considers the appropriateness of the relevant
instructional material and renders a decision. If the par-
ents are still unsatisfied, they may appeal to the superin-
tendent of schools, and then the board itself, pursuant to
extensive county regulations governing appeal and hearing
procedures.
C
Rather than avail themselves of the district's established
process for challenging objectionable instructional mate-
rial, petitioners sued the MCPS Board in federal court.3 Us-
ing the Storybooks in English class "without parental notice
or opt-out rights," the parents argued, violates the Free Ex-
ercise Clause of the Constitution by "expos[ing]" their chil-
dren to content that conflicts with the parents' religious
views. App. to Pet. for Cert. 190a, 194a. More specifically,
petitioners Tamer Mahmoud and Enas Barakat object to
"exposing" their son "to activities and curriculum on sex,
sexuality, and gender that undermine Islamic teaching on
these subjects." Id., at 532a. They worry that "reading th[e]
[Story]books and engaging in related discussions would
confuse [their son's] religious upbringing" and "undermine
[their] efforts to raise" their son "in accordance with [their]
faith." Id., at 532a -- 533a. Chris and Melissa Persak like-
wise object to "exposing" their children to "viewpoints on

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 There are three sets of parent-plaintiffs: Tamer Mahmoud and Enas

Bakarat, Jeff and Svitlana Roman, and Chris and Melissa Persak. Alt-
hough the majority discusses evidence in the record related to the asso-
ciational plaintiff, Kids First, see ante, at 13 -- 14, that association did not
join in the parent-plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction. See
Mahmoud v. McKnight, 102 F. 4th 191, 201, (CA4 2024).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sex, sexuality, and gender that contradict Catholic teaching
on these subjects." Id., at 544a. Jeff and Svitlana Roman
similarly believe that their son's teachers should not "teach
principles about sexuality or gender identity that conflict
with [their] religious beliefs." Id., at 541a.
Petitioners asked the district court to enjoin MCPS from
"denying [them] notice and opportunity to opt their children
out of reading, listening to, or discussing the... Story-
books," and "any other instruction related to family life or
human sexuality that violates the Parents' or their chil-
dren's religious beliefs." Motion for Preliminary Injunction
in No. 23 -- cv -- 01380 (D Md., June 12, 2023), ECF Doc. 23,
p. 1. After an evidentiary hearing, the district court denied
petitioners' preliminary injunction motion. See Mahmoud
v. McKnight, 688 F. Supp. 3d 265, 272 (Md. 2023). The
Fourth Circuit affirmed. 102 F. 4th 191 (2024). It held that
petitioners had failed to establish that the Board "direct[ly]
or indirect[ly] pressure[d]" them or their children to "aban-
don [their] religious beliefs or affirmatively act contrary to
those beliefs" in the way this Court's precedents require.
Id., at 210 ).
II
A
The Free Exercise Clause commands that the govern-
ment "shall make no law... prohibiting the free exercise"
of religion. U. S. Const., Amdt. 1. "The crucial word in the
constitutional text is 'prohibit,' " for it makes clear " 'the
Free Exercise Clause is written in terms of what the gov-
ernment cannot do to the individual, not in terms of what
the individual can exact from the government.' " Lyng, 485
U. S., at 451.
It follows from the text that the Free Exercise Clause
does not "require the Government itself to behave in ways
that the individual believes will further his or her spiritual
10 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

development or that of his or her family." Bowen v. Roy,
(1986) (emphasis in original). Instead,
the Clause prohibits the government from compelling indi-
viduals, whether directly or indirectly, to give up or violate
their religious beliefs. See, e.g., Wisconsin v. Yoder, (1972) (Free Exercise Clause forbids "affirm-
atively compel[ling]" individuals "to perform acts undenia-
bly at odds with fundamental tenets of their religious be-
liefs"); School Dist. of Abington Township v. Schempp, (1963) ("[I]t is necessary in a free exercise
case for one to show the coercive effect of the enactment as
it operates against him in the practice of his religion");
Bowen, 476 U. S., at 700 ("The Free Exercise Clause affords
an individual protection from certain forms of governmen-
tal compulsion... "); Lyng, 485 U. S., at 451 (Free Exercise
Clause prohibits laws that have a "tendency to coerce indi-
viduals into acting contrary to their religious beliefs"); Trin-
ity Lutheran Church of Columbia, Inc. v. Comer, (2017) ("[T]he Free Exercise Clause protects
against 'indirect coercion... ' "); Carson v. Makin, (2022) (same).
Consistent with these longstanding principles, this Court
has made clear that mere exposure to objectionable ideas
does not give rise to a free exercise claim. That makes
sense: Simply being exposed to beliefs contrary to your own
does not "prohibi[t]" the "free exercise" of your religion.
Amdt. 1. Nor does mere " '[o]ffense... equate to coercion.' "
Kennedy v. Bremerton School Dist., 
(2022) (plurality opinion). The
Constitution thus does not " 'guarantee citizens a right en-
tirely to avoid ideas with which they disagree.' " Id., at 589.
Indeed, "[i]t would betray its own principles if it did," for
"no robust democracy insulates its citizens from views that
they might find novel or even inflammatory." Elk Grove
Unified School Dist. v. Newdow, (2004)
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(O'Connor, J., concurring in judgment).
There is no public school exception to these principles.
This Court's decision in West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Bar-
nette, (1943), is instructive. There, the Court
held that "compelling" students who adhere to the Jeho-
vah's Witnesses faith to salute the flag, in contravention of
their religious beliefs, violated the First Amendment. Id.,
at 642. Yet the Court distinguished the "compulsion of stu-
dents to declare a belief " from simply exposing students to
ideas that might conflict with their religious tenets. Id., at
631. For instance, the Court recognized that schools could
"acquain[t students] with the flag salute so that they may
be informed as to what it is or even what it means." Ibid.
No problem arose, either, the Court observed, from having
objecting students "remai[n] passive during a flag salute
ritual," while watching the rest of the class engage in it. Id.,
at 634. What the State could not do, however, is "compe[l]
the flag salute and pledge," when those actions required
students to "declare a belief " contrary to their own religious
views. Id., at 631, 642.
So too, in Kennedy v. Bremerton School Dist., the Court
recognized that seeing objectionable conduct alone is not ac-
tionable under the First Amendment. There, the Court re-
jected the argument that the exposure of children to a
school coach's religious prayer violated the Establishment
Clause. See 597 U. S., at 538 -- 539. Even though hearing
and watching an authority figure engage in a denomina-
tional prayer with classmates at a school-sponsored event
could, of course, undermine parents' efforts to instill differ-
ent religious beliefs in their children, a majority of this
Court concluded that no cognizable "coercion" had occurred,
and so no Establishment Clause violation inhered in the
coach's conduct. See id., at 539.4
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Court misconstrued the record in that case, and thus erred in
12 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

In sum, never, in the context of public schools or else-
where, has this Court held that mere exposure to concepts
inconsistent with one's religious beliefs could give rise to a
First Amendment claim.5
B
These well-established principles, previously recognized
and respected by this Court, resolve this case. As recounted
earlier, each of the three sets of parent-plaintiffs premised
their objections on, in essence, "expos[ure]" to material that
conflicts with their religious beliefs. App. to Pet. for Cert.
532a; see supra, at 8 -- 9; see also App. to Pet. for Cert. 194a
(challenging "exposure to the Pride Storybooks" and having
"children... read the Pride Storybooks"). Yet for the rea-
sons just explained, the effects of mere exposure to material
with which one disagrees does not and should not give rise

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
deciding that the coach's prayer ritual was not coercive. See Kennedy,
597 U. S., at 547 -- 556, 561 -- 562 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). Taking the
majority's recitation of the facts at face value, however, the Court plainly
viewed exposure to the aforementioned activities as insufficient to raise
First Amendment concerns, notwithstanding their apparent potential to
undermine a parent's religious upbringing of their child. See id., at 538 -- 
539.
5 The majority claims that this Court's precedent, as set forth above,

establishes an "alarmingly narrow rule" that would permit "even instruc-
tion that denigrates or ridicules students' religious beliefs." Ante, at 30 -- 
31. That the majority sees exposure to books featuring LGBTQ charac-
ters as comparable to "denigrat[ion] or ridicul[e]" of religion is telling.
Ante, at 31. In any event, the majority is wrong: Denigration and ridicule
can easily amount to coercion. Such conduct bears no resemblance to
merely exposing children to concepts or ideas that incidentally conflict
with a parent's religious beliefs. (The majority, for its part, cannot com-
prehend that coercion may cover denigration without reaching exposure,
and so mistakes this point for a concession. See ante, at 31.) Addi-
tionally, this Court's precedent forbids government action motivated by
"hostility to a religion or religious viewpoint." Masterpiece Cakeshop,
Ltd. v. Colorado Civil Rights Comm'n, (2018). Exist-
ing precedent thus addresses the majority's hypotheticals without resort
to its unbounded test. See infra, at 21 -- 24.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

to a free exercise claim.
Nor have petitioners shown that MCPS's policies coerced
them to give up or violate their religious beliefs. See Bar-
nette, 319 U. S., at 633. To the contrary, MCPS explicitly
prohibits teachers from asking students to give up or
change their views regarding gender and sexuality,
whether religious or not. See supra, at 6; see also App. to
Pet. for Cert. 520a, 605a, 638a. The parents have proffered
no evidence of teachers acting contrary to that policy.
Recall, too, that MCPS exclusively uses the challenged
Storybooks to teach students literacy in English language
class. Like all other books in the English language curric-
ulum, the Storybooks will be used to "assist students with
mastering reading concepts like answering questions about
characters, retelling key events about characters in a story,
and drawing inferences about story characters based on
their actions." Id., at 605a. As for integrating the books
into classes, teachers may opt "to put them on a shelf for
students to find on their own; to recommend a book to a
student who would enjoy it; to offer the books as an option
for literature circles, book clubs, or paired reading groups;
or to use them as a read aloud." Id., at 604a -- 605a. It is
possible, of course, that such instruction may introduce stu-
dents to concepts or views objectionable to their faiths. Be-
ing "merely made acquainted with" these themes, however,
does not give rise to a cognizable free exercise burden. Bar-
nette, 319 U. S., at 631.
III
Rather than follow this Court's unambiguous precedent,
the majority rescues petitioners' exposure theory by simply
renaming it. Petitioners' free exercise rights are burdened
by the Storybooks, the majority claims, because they "carry
with them 'a very real threat of undermining' the religious
beliefs that the parents wish to instill in their children."
Ante, at 31. In other words, reading books like Uncle
14 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Bobby's Wedding is sufficient, in the majority's view, be-
cause of the " 'threat' " those books pose to the religious up-
bringing of petitioners' children. Ibid.; see ante, at 36 -- 37.
That is simply exposure by another name.
From where does the majority derive its novel "threat"
test? Yoder, the majority claims, established
it over half a century ago, unbeknownst to any court of ap-
peals in the Nation (and until today, this Court as well).
The flaws in the majority's reasoning are legion. The
Court's reading of Yoder is not simply incorrect; it is defin-
itively foreclosed by precedent. The majority's novel test,
moreover, imposes no meaningful limits on the types of
school decisions subject to strict scrutiny, as the Court's
own application of its test confirms. Today's ruling thus
promises to wreak havoc on our Nation's public schools and
the courts tasked with resolving this new font of litigation.
A
1
Start with the majority's misreading of Yoder. According
to the Court, Yoder held that the government violates the
" 'rights of parents to direct "the religious upbringing" of
their children' " whenever a government policy "poses 'a
very real threat of undermining' the religious beliefs and
practices that the parents wish to instill." Ante, at 1, 17.
That is incorrect.
Yoder addressed a First Amendment challenge to Wis-
consin's "compulsory-attendance law" for high school stu-
dents. 406 U. S., at 207. The law compelled parents to send
their children to public school or an equivalent until age 16,
and imposed criminal penalties on violators. See ibid. A
group of Amish parents punished under the law argued that
their convictions violated the Free Exercise Clause because
"their children's attendance at high school, public or pri-
vate, was contrary to the Amish religion and way of life."
Id., at 209.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

This Court agreed. See id., at 234 -- 236. Wisconsin's law
violated the Free Exercise Clause because it "affirmatively
compel[led]" the parents, "under threat of criminal sanc-
tion, to perform acts undeniably at odds with fundamental
tenets of their religious beliefs." Id., at 218. "Formal high
school education beyond eighth grade," the Court ex-
plained, foreclosed Amish religious practice by "tak[ing
children] away from their community" at a time when they
"must acquire... the specific skills needed to perform the
adult role of an Amish farmer or housewife." Id., at 211.
Sending their children to school during that "crucial" time
would accordingly require the Amish parents to "abandon"
their faith. Id., at 218.
Yoder thus does not support the proposition that any gov-
ernment policy that poses a " 'very real threat' " to a parent's
religious development of their child triggers strict scrutiny.
Ante, at 1, 25. The problem in Yoder was not that the law
exposed children to material that would incidentally "un-
dermine" religious beliefs, but that it compelled Amish par-
ents to do what their religion forbade: send their children
away rather than integrate them into the Amish commu-
nity at home. Contra, ante, at 1, 20 -- 21, 33,.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The majority sets up a strawman in response, claiming that the pre-

ceding analysis distinguishes Yoder because it "involved compulsory
school attendance." Ante, at 33,. That misses the point entirely:
Yoder is distinguishable because the challenged law "affirmatively com-
pel[led]" the parents "to perform acts undeniably at odds with fundamen-
tal tenets of their religious beliefs." 406 U. S., at 218.
That is not true here. See supra, at 12 -- 13. It also bears emphasis that
the parents in this case remain free to teach their religious beliefs and
practices to their children at home, as petitioners acknowledge. See Re-
ply Brief 8. The parents in Yoder, by contrast, were prohibited by the
challenged law from engaging in religious teaching at home that was
critical to "integrat[ing]... Amish child[ren] into the Amish religious
community" because the law required them to send their children away
to school during that same time. 406 U. S., at 211 -- 212; see id., at 218.
It was thus impossible to both comply with the law and engage in the
16 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

If there were any doubt, this Court already rejected the
majority's flawed reading of Yoder in Lyng,.
There, a group of Native Americans brought a free exercise
challenge to the construction of a federal road through an
area that the group used "to conduct a wide variety of spe-
cific rituals." Id., at 451. This Court rejected the plaintiffs'
claim. Id., at 449 -- 451. Although "the challenged Govern-
ment action would interfere significantly with private per-
sons' ability to pursue spiritual fulfillment according to
their own religious beliefs," the Court reasoned, the affected
individuals would not be "coerced by the Government's ac-
tion into violating their religious beliefs." Id., at 449. Ac-
cordingly, the Court held that the plaintiffs had failed to
make out a cognizable free exercise claim. See id., at 451 -- 
452.
The dissent in Lyng argued that the Court's ruling con-
flicted with Yoder, which it described as "str[iking] down a
state compulsory school attendance law on free exercise
grounds not so much because of the affirmative coercion the
law exerted on individual religious practitioners, but be-
cause of 'the impact' " that the law would have on Amish
communities. 485 U. S., at 466 (opinion of Brennan, J.)
(emphasis deleted). Wisconsin's law implicated the Free
Exercise Clause, the dissent claimed, because the school en-
vironment "posed 'a very real threat of undermining the
Amish community and religious practice.' " Id., at 467 (quot-
ing Yoder, 406 U. S., at 218). The majority today uses that
same refrain as the foundation of its analysis. See, e.g.,
ante, at 1, 15, 25, 28, 37.
The Court in Lyng, however, could not have been clearer:
"The dissent... misreads Wisconsin v. Yoder." 485 U. S.,
at 456. "The statute directly compelled the Amish to send

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
religious teaching at home deemed necessary by the Amish parents. So
they were not "similarly capable of teaching their religious values 'at
home.' " Contra, ante, at 34 -- 35.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

their children to public high schools 'contrary to the Amish
religion and way of life,' " the Court explained. Id., at 457.
"The dissent's out-of-context quotations notwithstanding,
there is nothing whatsoever in the Yoder opinion to support
the proposition that the 'impact' on the Amish religion
would have been constitutionally problematic if the statute
at issue had not been coercive in nature." Ibid. So the mere
"threat of undermining" Amish beliefs and practices was
not, on its own, what gave rise to a cognizable free exercise
burden in Yoder. Contra, ante, at 1, 15, 25, 28, 37. "What-
ever may be the exact line between unconstitutional prohi-
bitions on the free exercise of religion and the legitimate
conduct by government of its own affairs," Lyng explained,
"the location of the line cannot depend on measuring the
effects of a governmental action on a religious objector's
spiritual development." 485 U. S., at 451.
The majority's novel test directly contravenes not only
Lyng, but also Bowen,. There, the Court ad-
dressed a father's free exercise challenge to the Govern-
ment's use of a Social Security number associated with his
daughter as a condition of receiving certain Government
benefits. See id., at 695 -- 696. According to the father's sin-
cerely held religious beliefs, use of the Social Security num-
ber would " 'rob the spirit' of his daughter and prevent her
from attaining greater spiritual power," thereby interfering
with his ability to direct the religious development of his
child. Id., at 696. This Court rejected the father's claim.
"Never... has the Court interpreted the First Amendment
to require the Government itself to behave in ways that the
individual believes will further his or her spiritual develop-
ment or that of his or her family," the Court explained. Id.,
at 699 (emphasis in original).
The majority's "very real threat" test is irreconcilable
with Bowen. There can be no question that the Govern-
ment's challenged policy in Bowen gravely threatened the
father's ability to direct his child's religious development;
18 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the Government's "us[e]" of his daughter's Social Security
number would (in the father's sincerely held view) " 'rob the
spirit' of his daughter." Id., at 696. So if the test for iden-
tifying a cognizable free exercise burden is, as the majority
today claims, whether the law poses " 'a very real threat of
undermining' " a parent's religious development of their
child, ante, at 25, then Bowen was wrongly decided.
2
The majority relegates its discussion of Bowen and Lyng
to a few sentences, claiming that those cases involved "in-
ternal affairs" of Government. Ante, at 28. The majority,
however, articulates no coherent line between the "internal
affairs" that the Court deemed nonactionable in those two
cases and the external effects of government decisions that
the majority announces are actionable here.
In Bowen, the entire premise of the father's claim was
that the Government's internal choices about how to oper-
ate its program would have external effects on his right to
direct the religious development of his child: The father
averred that the Government's use of his child's Social Se-
curity number would irrevocably destroy his child's "spirit,"
and thus his ability to protect her spiritual development.
476 U. S., at 696. Here, by the majority's own telling, the
parents make the same type of claim. They argue that the
schools' use of the Storybooks will harm their ability to di-
rect their children's religious development. See ante, at 1,
11 -- 12, 25. The underlying theories are indistinguishable.
The incoherence of the majority's "internal affairs" theory
comes into even sharper focus as applied to the Court's de-
cision in Lyng. There, the Court acknowledged that the
Government's construction of the road would " 'physically
destro[y] the environmental conditions and the privacy
without which the [religious] practices cannot be con-
ducted.' " 485 U. S., at 449. Yet the
majority today recasts the decision to build a road through
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sacred land as a purely "internal affai[r]" of the Govern-
ment, thereby rendering Lyng inapposite. Ante, at 28. Im-
plausible as that assertion may be, it is the majority's only
maneuver around Bowen and Lyng. In short, the Court's
novel "threat" test flouts settled precedent, and the major-
ity's contrary claim is illogical.
B
That is only the beginning of the majority's errors. Turn,
next, to the Court's articulation of what, exactly, the "very
real threat" is that triggers the most demanding level of ju-
dicial review. The majority declares the inquiry will turn
on several context clues: the "specific religious beliefs and
practices asserted," the "specific nature of the educational
requirement or curricular feature at issue," the age of the
children, and the context and manner in which the relevant
materials "are presented." Ante, at 21. On that last point,
the majority adds, courts should ask whether the materials
are "presented in a neutral manner" or "in a manner that is
'hostile' to religious viewpoints and designed to impose
upon students a 'pressure to conform.' " Ibid..
That test lacks any meaningful limit. Consider what the
majority deems intolerably "hostile" to religious views. Un-
cle Bobby's Wedding, the Court asserts, contains a "subtle"
"normative" message about marriage that is "contrary to
the religious principles that the parents in this case wish to
instill in their children": that "two people can get married,
regardless of whether they are of the same or the opposite
sex, so long as they ' "love each other." ' " Ante, at 23. Ac-
cording to the Court, that message is apparent in the "jubi-
lant" reactions of Uncle Bobby's family to his engagement
announcement and a statement by the protagonist's mother
that, " ' "[w]hen grown-up people love each other that much,
sometimes they get married." ' " Ibid.; see App. to Pet. for
20 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Cert. 288a.7
With those snippets in hand, the majority concludes that
Uncle Bobby's Wedding is akin to "the compulsory high
school education law considered in Yoder." Ante, at 25.
Reading the book aloud in elementary class, the majority
claims, "impose[s] upon children a set of values and beliefs
that are 'hostile' to their parents' religious [views]" and "ex-
ert[s] upon children a psychological 'pressure to conform' "
to the view that families can be happy about same-sex wed-
dings. Ibid.. That is ap-
parently enough, in the majority's view, to create a cogniza-
ble free exercise burden, for the Court ultimately prohibits
use of the Storybooks "or any other similar book" "in any
way" absent an opt-out right. Ante, at 41.
Even if Yoder had established some form of "threat" test,
the majority's application of it in this case would expand it
beyond recognition. The Court in Yoder detailed, at length,
the record evidence that compulsory high school attendance
would "result in the destruction of the Old Order Amish
church community as it exist[ed] in the United States." 406
U. S., at 212; see id., at 209 -- 213. Compelled attendance
effectively barred "integration of the Amish child into the
Amish religious community," id., at 211 -- 212, such that, un-
der Wisconsin's law, the petitioners in Yoder were forced
"either [to] abandon belief and be assimilated into society
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 The majority strains to cast the book as a story about a child who is

apprehensive that her uncle is marrying a man. See ante, at 6, 23. The
book is "coy," the majority claims, about the reason the protagonist,
Chloe, asks her mother, " ' "Why is Uncle Bobby getting married?" ' "
Ante, at 23. With respect, the reason is plainly stated in the book and
has nothing to do with the gender of anyone involved: "Bobby was Chloe's
favourite uncle," the book explains, and Chloe " 'do[esn't] think [Uncle
Bobby] should get married' " because she " 'wants [them] to keep having
fun together like always.' " App. to Pet. for Cert. 282a, 292a. Perhaps
conscious of its creative reading, the majority admits the message it iden-
tifies is "subtle." Ante, at 23. The right word, instead, might be "imag-
ined."
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

at large, or... to migrate to some other and more tolerant
region," id., at 218. Yoder thus set an exceedingly high bar
for future plaintiffs to clear. Indeed, the Court in Yoder ex-
plicitly predicted that "few other religious groups" could
make the showing that the Amish parents in that case had.
Id., at 236.
Yet, in the majority's eyes, reading aloud Uncle Bobby's
Wedding is just "[l]ike the compulsory high school educa-
tion considered in Yoder." Ante, at 25. That assertion is
remarkable. Reading a storybook that portrays a family as
happy at the news of their gay son's engagement, the ma-
jority claims, is equivalent to a law that threatened the very
"survival of [the] Amish communit[y]" in the United States.
406 U. S., at 209; see ante, at 25. To read that sentence is
to refute it.8
The majority's myopic attempt to resolve a major consti-
tutional question through close textual analysis of Uncle
Bobby's Wedding also reveals its failure to accept and ac-
count for a fundamental truth: LGBTQ people exist. They
are part of virtually every community and workplace of any
appreciable size. Eliminating books depicting LGBTQ indi-
viduals as happily accepted by their families will not elimi-
nate student exposure to that concept. Nor does the Free
Exercise Clause require the government to alter its pro-
grams to insulate students from that "message." Ante, at
23.
In distorting Yoder to say otherwise, the majority leaves

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The majority's discussion of Prince & Knight is no less eye opening.

See ante, at 22 -- 23. The Court zeroes in on the book's classic fairytale
ending, in which the protagonists' marriage is celebrated by their family
and others in the kingdom. See ante, at 22; App. to Pet. for Cert. 424a
("[T]he air filled with cheer and laughter, for the prince and his shining
knight would live happily ever after"). According to the majority, that
makes reading Prince & Knight equivalent to a law that risked "destruc-
tion of the Old Order Amish church community." Yoder, 406 U. S., at
212. The absurdity of that claim, once again, requires no explanation.
22 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

its test without any discernible limits. How are courts ob-
jectively to evaluate what amounts to a "very real threat"
to a parent's religious development of their child? Should
they try to measure the intensity of the parent's protesta-
tions, or must they simply accept the parent's assertion that
exposure to any particular book threatens their child's reli-
gious upbringing? Or will judges simply know it when they
see it and call their analysis "fact-intensive"? Ante, at 21.
Perhaps cognizant of this problem, the majority insists re-
peatedly that its test looks for an " 'objective danger to the
free exercise of religion.' " Ante, at 15, 17, 21, 25, 27. That
incantation, however, will be cold comfort to courts at-
tempting to apply this peculiarly subjective test.
What is more, if even potentially imagined "coy" mes-
sages hidden in a picture book are sufficient to trigger strict
scrutiny when they conflict with a parent's religious beliefs,
ante, at 23, then it is hard to say what will not. Indeed, as
the majority admits, "many books targeted at young chil-
dren" contain a "normative" message, ante, at 22, about,
say, the virtues of helping your community or the joys of
getting married. (How many children's books, after all, end
with a joyous wedding and the couple living happily ever
after?) The same is true for books and textbooks through-
out any public school curriculum.
Given the multiplicity of religious beliefs in this country,
innumerable themes may be "contrary to the religious prin-
ciples" that parents "wish to instill in their children." Ante,
at 23. Books expressing implicit support for patriotism,
women's rights, interfaith marriage, consumption of meat,
immodest dress, and countless other topics may conflict
with sincerely held religious beliefs and thus trigger strin-
gent judicial review under the majority's test. Imagine a
children's picture book that celebrates the achievements of
women in history, including female scientists, politicians,
astronauts, and authors. Perhaps the book even features a
page that states, "Girls can do it all!" That message may be
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

"directly contrary to the religious principles that" a parent
"wish[es] to instill in their chil[d]." Ibid. In the majority's
view, it appears, that is sufficient to trigger strict scrutiny
of any school policy not providing notice and opt out to ob-
jecting parents.
These types of challenges are not mere hypotheticals, ei-
ther. Lower courts have long fielded religious objections of
this nature. See, e.g., Mozert v. Hawkins Cty. Bd. of Ed.,
827 F. 2d 1058, 1062 (CA6 1987) (religious objections to "bi-
ographical material about women who have been recog-
nized for achievements outside their homes," lessons on
"evolution," and teaching "children to use imagination be-
yond the limitation of scriptural authority"); Fleischfresser
v. Directors of School Dist. 200, 15 F. 3d 680, 683 (CA7 1994)
(religious objections to materials containing " 'wizards, sor-
cerers, giants and other unspecified creatures with super-
natural powers' "); Altman v. Bedford Central School Dist.,
245 F. 3d 49, 56, 60 -- 63 (CA2 2001) (religious objections to
activities involving, among other things, yoga, meditation
exercises, and the Drug Abuse Resistance Education
(DARE) program); Moody v. Cronin, 484 F. Supp. 270, 272
(CD Ill. 1979) (religious objections to "mandatory coeduca-
tional physical education" that requires children to "view
and interact with members of the opposite sex who are
wearing 'immodest attire' ").
Nor is the Court's reasoning seemingly limited to reading
material. Interactions with teachers and students could
presumably involve implicit "normative" messages that
parents may find "contrary to the religious principles" they
wish to impart to their children and therefore "hostile" to
their religious beliefs. Ante, at 22 -- 23, 25. A female teacher
displaying a wedding photo with her wife; a student's
presentation on her family tree featuring LGBTQ parents
or siblings; or an art display with the phrase "Love Is Love"
all could "positively reinforc[e]" messages that parents dis-
approve on religious grounds. Ante, at 24. Would that be
24 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sufficient to trigger strict scrutiny if a school fails to provide
advance notice and the opportunity to opt out of any such
exposure? The majority offers no principled basis easily to
distinguish those cases from this one.
Hard questions might arise, too, from a school's efforts to
encourage mutual respect or to prevent bullying. If a stu-
dent calls a classmate a "sinner" for not wearing a headcov-
ering or coming out as gay, how can a teacher respond with-
out "undermining" that child's religious beliefs? Can
parents litigate the content of teacher responses and im-
pose scripts or opt-out policies for everyday interactions de-
signed to foster tolerance and civility? Again, the majority
gives no guidance.
C
One thing is clear, however: The damage to America's
public education system will be profound. Over 47 million
students attend K -- 12 public schools in the United States,
with nearly 17 million in elementary school. See Dept. of
Commerce, J. Fabina, E. Hernandez, & K. McElrath, U. S.
Census Bureau (Census Bureau), School Enrollment in the
United States: 2021, p. 2 (2023). These students and their
parents adhere to a wide range of religious beliefs, and the
range of curricular topics, from science to literature to mu-
sic and theater, covered in public schools is similarly vast.
Against that backdrop, requiring schools to provide ad-
vance notice and the opportunity to opt out of every book,
presentation, or field trip where students might encounter
materials that conflict with their parents' religious beliefs
will impose impossible administrative burdens on schools.
Consider, first, the difficulties of providing adequate ad-
vance notice. There are more than 370 distinct religious
groups in this country,9 and as the majority points out,
Montgomery County is the " 'most religiously diverse
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 See Census Bureau, C. Grammich et al., 2020 U. S. Religion Census:

Religious Congregations & Adherents Study 7 (2023).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

county' " in the Nation. Ante, at 2. Under the majority's
test, school administrators will have to become experts in a
wide range of religious doctrines in order to predict, in ad-
vance, whether a parent may object to a particular text, les-
son plan, or school activity as contrary to their religious be-
liefs. The scale of the problem is only compounded by the
majority's conclusion that even "subtle" and implicit mes-
sages contained in children's books can trigger notice and
opt-out obligations. Ante, at 23. If a parent objects to all
material and interactions that support "nontraditional gen-
der roles," for instance, how are schools workably to deduce
what books might cross the line? Or take the parents' re-
quest in this very case: How should a school go about iden-
tifying "any other instruction related to family life or hu-
man sexuality that violates the [p]arents' or their children's
religious beliefs" in addition to the five Storybooks at issue
here? ECF Doc. 23, at 1. Those in the majority will appar-
ently "know it when [they] see it." Jacobellis v. Ohio, (1964) (Stewart, J., concurring) (referring to
pornography).
Of course, school districts are currently free to publish in-
formation about their curricula. As one group of amici rep-
resenting over 10,000 school district leaders and advocates
and an association of 25 state school board associations at-
tests, however, "it would be an extreme and overly broad
burden to force all school districts in the country" to provide
the extensive notification regime that the majority's test
would require. Brief for School Superintendents Associa-
tion et al. as Amici Curiae 15 (Brief for AASA); see also
Brief for National Education Association et al. as Amici Cu-
riae 21 -- 29 (explaining that "endless administrative confu-
sion" would result from petitioners' requested notice man-
date). Such a regime, amici warn, would force school
administrators and teachers "to divert their already limited
resources and time to ensure full compliance" with these
new "parental notification rights." Brief for AASA 15.
26 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Managing opt outs will impose even greater administra-
tive burdens. At present, the vast majority of States that
allow parents to opt students out of instruction limit that
right to a specific course or single curricular unit, rather
than permitting opt outs for certain themes or particular
materials. See id., at 10 -- 14, and (collecting state stat-
utes). That approach ensures that opt outs can be "admin-
istered centrally" in a way that "reduce[s] the burden on
teachers and principals" and "minimizes interruption o[f]
classroom instruction for other students." Id., at 14.
Establishing a new constitutional right to opt out of any
instruction that involves themes contrary to anyone's reli-
gious beliefs will create a nightmare for school administra-
tors tasked with fielding, tracking, and operationalizing
highly individualized and vaguely defined requests for par-
ticular students, as this Board learned. See App. to Pet. for
Cert. 606a -- 607a.
Opt outs will not just affect classroom instruction, either.
Teachers will need to adjust homework assignments to ex-
clude objectionable material and develop bespoke exams for
students subject to different opt-out preferences. See Brief
for Justin Driver et al. as Amici Curiae. Schools will have
to divert resources and staff to supervising students during
opt-out periods, too, which could become a significant drain
on funding and staffing that is already stretched thin. See
Brief for AASA 15 -- 16.
Worse yet, the majority's new rule will have serious
chilling effects on public school curricula. Few school dis-
tricts will be able to afford costly litigation over opt-out
rights or to divert resources to administering impracticable
notice and opt-out systems for individual students. The
foreseeable result is that some school districts may strip
their curricula of content that risks generating religious ob-
jections. See Brief for Justin Driver et al. as Amici Curiae
22. In the current moment, that means material represent-
ing LGBTQ students and families, like the Storybooks here,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

will be among the first to go, with grave consequences for
LGBTQ students and our society. See Brief for State of
Maryland et al. as Amici Curiae (discussing the importance
of efforts like MCPS's in combating harassment against
LGBTQ youth). Next to go could be teaching on evolution,
the work of female scientist Marie Curie, or the history of
vaccines.
In effect, then, the majority's new rule will hand a subset
of parents a veto power over countless curricular and ad-
ministrative decisions. Yet that authority has long been
left to democratically elected state and local decisionmak-
ers, not individual parents and courts. This Court has re-
peatedly recognized the wisdom of that regime, including in
Yoder itself. See 406 U. S., at 235 (underscoring the "obvi-
ous fact that courts are not school boards or legislatures,
and are ill-equipped to determine the 'necessity' of discrete
aspects of a State's program of compulsory education"); San
Antonio Independent School Dist. v. Rodriguez, (1973) (recognizing that "educational policy" is an "area
in which this Court's lack of specialized knowledge and ex-
perience counsels against premature interference with the
informed judgments made at the state and local levels");
Epperson v. Arkansas, (1968) ("By and
large, public education in our Nation is committed to the
control of state and local authorities").
At present, States and localities across the Nation have
adopted a patchwork of different policies governing school
material related to gender and sexuality and parental opt-
out rights. For instance, some States mandate, while oth-
ers forbid, instruction on sexual orientation. See Brief for
AASA 5 -- 6, and nn.4 -- 8 (collecting state statutes). Statutes
governing opt-out policies are equally diverse. See id., at
10 -- 14, and nn. 10 -- 22. Tellingly, however, only a handful
of States have permitted opt-out rights for all material that
a parent finds objectionable, see id., at 13 -- 14, and nn. 20 -- 
21, and even some of those States have required that the
28 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

parents and school agree upon an alternative lesson plan
that the parent will fund, id., at 13, and. Today's de-
cision will thus usher in a sea change in the law, shifting
the primary locus of decisionmaking on these difficult and
often contested policy issues from democratically elected of-
ficials to judges.
There is also real reason to think that the democratic pro-
cess and local mechanisms for parental advocacy were
working here. Three of the seven MCPS Board members
were voted out during the most recent election, see ABC 7
News, K. Lynn, Montgomery County Voters Elect New
School Board Members in Significant Shift (Nov. 12, 2024),
https://wjla.com/news/local/montgomery-county-voters-
elect-new-school-board-members-education-association-
president-david-stein-leadership-rita-montoya-laura-stewart-
natalie-zimmerman-accountability-maryland-dmv, and two
of the seven books to which the parents originally objected
are no longer in use, see Brief for Respondents 8. Parents,
additionally, remain free to raise objections to specific ma-
terial through the multilevel appeal system established by
Board and state policies in Maryland, see supra, at 7 -- 8,
which the parents in this case apparently never tried to
pursue.
The Court today subverts Maryland's functioning demo-
cratic process, whistling past decades of precedent that rec-
ognizes the primacy and importance of local decisionmak-
ing in this area of law. Members of this Court have oft and
recently called for deference to the democratic process in
other contexts. See, e.g., Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health
Organization, (2022) (decrying decisions
that "wrongly remov[e] an issue from the people and the
democratic process"); United States v. Skrmetti, 605 U. S.
___, ___ (2025) (" '[T]he Constitution pre-
sumes that even improvident decisions will eventually be
rectified by the democratic processes' " ));
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Grants Pass v. Johnson, (2024) (objecting
that "[i]nstead of encouraging 'productive dialogue' and 'ex-
perimentation' through our democratic institutions, courts
have frozen in place their own 'formulas' by 'fiat' " and "in-
terfered with 'essential considerations of federalism,' tak-
ing from the people and their elected leaders difficult ques-
tions traditionally 'thought to be the[ir] province' "). Yet
today, it seems, those principles do not apply to the Govern-
ment when it designs curricula for a free public education.10
D
Unwilling to acknowledge the implications of its ruling,
the majority insists that it has not announced a new " 'ex-
posure' " theory of free exercise violations. Ante, at 27. The
record in this case goes "far beyond mere 'exposure,' " the
majority claims, because "the storybooks unmistakably con-
vey a particular viewpoint about same-sex marriage and
gender," and because the "Board has specifically encour-
aged teachers to reinforce this viewpoint and to reprimand
any children who disagree." Ibid.
The majority, however, makes clear that reading aloud
the books is sufficient under its test. The Court mandates
that the schools "notify [petitioners] in advance whenever
one of the books in question or any other similar book is to
be used in any way and to permit [petitioners] to have their
children excused from that instruction." Ante, at 41 (em-
phasis added). The Court could only issue such a directive
if any instructional use of the books in class, including

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 Having refused to apply "the Bill of Rights and the doctrine of judi-

cial review [to] protect individuals who cannot obtain legislative change,"
ante, at 35, in several recent decisions, see, e.g., Dobbs, 597 U. S., at 231,
269; Skrmetti, 605 U. S., at ____, ___ (, 24), the Court now
asserts it has no choice but to play school board here. Of course, our
precedent requires just the opposite result. See supra, at 13 -- 19.
30 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

merely reading them aloud, would prove intolerably " 'hos-
tile' " to religious beliefs under the majority's test. Ante, at
25.11 Indeed, if the problem arose from the teacher guid-
ance, rather than exposure to the books themselves, the
Court could (and should) simply issue an injunction man-
dating the opportunity to opt out of the specific teacher
statements deemed objectionable. See Madsen v. Women's
Health Center, Inc., (1994) ("[An] injunc-
tion [should be] no broader than necessary to achieve its
desired goals").
As a result, what it comes down to under the majority's
test is that students will hear or read the text of books that
"convey a particular viewpoint" that is "contrary to the re-
ligious principles" that a parent wishes to instill in their
child. Ante, at 23, 27. That is mere exposure to objectiona-
ble ideas in its clearest form.12
The majority, in any event, badly misreads the Board's
teacher guidance. Far from directing teachers to "accuse
[students] of being 'hurtful' when they express a degree of
religious confusion," ante, at 27; see also ante, at 10
(THOMAS, J., concurring), the guidance is plainly designed
to foster mutual civility and "respect." App. to Pet. for Cert.
628a.
That purpose is clear throughout the materials. For in-
stance, the guidance suggests that, in response to a child's
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 Petitioners conceded that they have no objection "to the books being

on the shelf or available in the library." Tr. of Oral Arg. 48. The Court's
injunctive relief can thus only cover use of the books as part of "instruc-
tion" in the classroom. Ante, at 41. The injunction therefore should not
be read to prohibit schools from placing the books on shelves or in librar-
ies.
12 Despite stating that the age of the child matters to its "threat" anal-

ysis earlier in the opinion, see ante, at 21, the majority declines to limit
the injunctive relief that it orders based on the age of the students in-
volved. The majority thus fails to put its age-based test into practice,
treating 5-year-old kindergarteners and 11-year-old fifth graders identi-
cally when it comes to reading Uncle Bobby's Wedding.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

statement that, "[b]eing... gay, lesbian, queer, etc[.] is
wrong and not allowed in my religion," a teacher could re-
spond: "I understand that is what you believe, but not eve-
ryone believes that. We don't have to understand or sup-
port a person's identity to treat them with respect and
kindness... In any community, we'll always find people
with beliefs different from our own and that is okay -- we
can still show them respect." Ibid.
That recommended response is careful to respect the re-
ligious views of students, while still encouraging civility
and "kindness" towards others. Ibid. Those values, moreo-
ver, are precisely what the parents in this case say they en-
dorse. See, e.g., id., at 529a ("We... believe that all hu-
mans... must be respected, regardless of the person's
faith, race, ethnic origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orien-
tation, or social status"); id., at 536a ("We firmly reject that
any student should be bullied or harassed for any reason,
and we teach our son to treat all others with kindness and
respect"); id., at 543a ("We believe that all persons should
be treated with respect and dignity regardless of religion,
race, sex, ethnicity, gender identity, sexual orientation, or
other characteristics").
To the extent students make comments that may be hurt-
ful to classmates in the room, the guidance recommends
teachers discourage such behavior. If a student says,
"That's so gay," the guidance suggests a teacher may re-
spond: "Regardless of how it's intended, using gay to de-
scribe something negative reflects a long history of preju-
dice against LGBTQ+ people, so please don't use it in that
way.... You may not have meant to be hurtful: but when
you use the word 'gay' in any way outside of its definition,
it's disrespectful." Id., at 634a. Simi-
larly, if a child says, "That's weird. He can't be a boy if he
was born a girl," the guidance encourages teachers to re-
spond: "That comment is hurtful; we shouldn't use negative
32 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

words to talk about peoples' identities." Id., at 630a (em-
phasis added).
The majority reads these portions of the guidance to di-
rect teachers to "accuse [students] of being 'hurtful' when
they express" "confusion" based on their religious views.
Ante, at 27. The ma-
jority only reaches that conclusion, however, by omitting
portions of the student commentary to which the teachers
are responding in the guidance. See id., at 630a (omitting
"[t]hat's so gay" and "that's weird"). Those excised state-
ments, the majority should presumably agree, could be
hurtful to students in the classroom and thus warrant dis-
couragement. Id., at 630a, 634a.
Comments like that, moreover, are sadly not uncommon
in the Nation's school system today. In a recent study, "the
overwhelming majority" of LGBTQ students reported hear-
ing homophobic language used by their peers, including
"that's so gay," "dyke," "faggot," and "tranny." J. G. Kosciw,
C. Clark, & L. Menard, GLSEN, The 2021 National School
Climate Survey: The Experiences of LGBTQ+ Youth in Our
Nation's Schools xv -- xvi (2022). Over two-thirds of LGBTQ
students, moreover, reported feeling unsafe at school be-
cause of their sexual orientation or gender identity. Ibid.
Numerous other studies have found similar trends. See
Brief for State of Maryland et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 8, and
nn. 7 -- 17 (collecting additional studies).
The Board's guidance to teachers thus simply seeks to an-
ticipate the kinds of difficult interactions that might arise
in response to greater inclusivity toward LGBTQ stu-
dents.13 If that is sufficient to render classroom instruction
"coercive," ante, at 26, then mutual tolerance and respect

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 The majority apparently misses the foregoing in claiming that the

dissent "ignores" the Board's teacher guidance. Ante, at 27.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

may no longer have a place in public schools.14
The majority and concurrence also draw on news articles
about comments that a Board member apparently made to
reporters. See ante, at 10 -- 11 (majority opinion); ante, at 9
(opinion of THOMAS, J.). All Members of the majority have
recognized before, however, that "statements by individual
legislators" and members of similar decisionmaking enti-
ties are not appropriately attributed to the entire body.
NLRB v. SW General, Inc., (2017); see
also Trump v. Hawaii, (2018); Dobbs, 597
U. S., at 253 -- 254 ("Even when an argument about legisla-
tive motive is backed by statements made by legislators
who voted for a law, we have been reluctant to attribute
those motives to the legislative body as a whole. 'What mo-
tivates one legislator to make a speech about a statute is
not necessarily what motivates... others to enact it' "). The
statement by this individual Board member, apparently
made outside any official proceeding, should not be treated
differently, particularly in light of the Board's consistent
commitment to fostering mutual respect and civility, re-
flected in its official policies and guidance. See, e.g., App.
to Pet. for Cert. 581a -- 589a, 669a -- 675a.15
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 JUSTICE THOMAS views the Board's LGBTQ-inclusive program as de-

signed to enforce "ideological conformity." Ante, at 8 (concurring opin-
ion). If there is any conformity that the Board seeks to instill, it is uni-
versal acceptance of kindness and civility. JUSTICE THOMAS can claim
otherwise only by attributing to the Board a few selectively excerpted
statements of individual Board members. See infra, at 33, and.
That approach is inconsistent with the views JUSTICE THOMAS has taken
elsewhere. See infra, at 33, and.
15 The majority and concurrence describe the Board member as "sug-

gest[ing] that the objecting parents were comparable" to " ' "white su-
premacists" ' " and " ' "xenophobes." ' " Ante, at 11 (majority opinion); ante,
at 9 (opinion of THOMAS, J.). The full quote, however, indicates the mem-
ber intended to express concern about the potential administrative im-
plications of having to accommodate opt out requests from other hypo-
thetical parents. See E. Espey, Parents, Students, Doctors React to
34 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Lastly, the majority is, of course, right to observe that not
all parents can afford to send their children to private reli-
gious schools or to provide for homeschooling. See ante, at
32 -- 33. Yet for public schools to function, it is inescapable
that some students will be exposed to ideas and concepts
that their parents may find objectionable on religious
grounds. Indeed, this Court has long recognized that real-
ity. See Lee v. Weisman, (1992) (observ-
ing students may be "expos[ed]" or "subjected during the
course of their educations to ideas deemed offensive and ir-
religious"). To presume that public schools must be free of
all such exposure is to presume public schools out of exist-
ence.
IV
Not content to invent a new standard for free exercise
burdens, the majority goes on to consider an issue beyond
the question presented and unaddressed by the Fourth Cir-
cuit below: whether the alleged burden in this case is "con-
stitutionally permitted." Ante, at 35.
That decision runs roughshod over the Court's procedural
practices. "As a general rule," this Court "do[es] not decide
issues outside the questions presented by the petition for
certiorari," Glover v. United States, 
(2001), and it is fundamental to this Court's role in our Na-
tion's judicial system that "we are a court of review, not of
first view." Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005).
The majority's exercise in judicial maximalism is not
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
MCPS Lawsuit Targeting LGBTQ+ Storybooks, Bethesda Magazine,
June 2, 2023, https://bethesdamagazine.com/2023/06/02/parents-
students-doctors-react-to-mcps-lawsuit-targeting-lgbtq-storybooks ("Do
[the petitioners] realize it would be an impossible disruption to the school
system if teachers had to screen the content they plan to teach every day
and send out notices so white supremacists could opt out of civil rights
content and xenophobes could opt out of stories about immigrant fami-
lies").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

without cost to our precedent, either. The majority recog-
nizes, as it must, that "the government is generally free to
place incidental burdens on religious exercise so long as it
does so pursuant to a neutral policy that is generally appli-
cable." Ante, at 35. That bedrock principle of free exercise
doctrine ensures that " 'professed doctrines of religious be-
lief ' " are not " 'superior to the law of the land,' " for an "in-
dividual's religious beliefs [may not] excuse him from com-
pliance with an otherwise valid law" or policy (in this case,
the Board's generally applicable rule against opt outs based
on any reason). Employment Div., Dept. of Human Re-
sources of Ore. v. Smith, -- 879 (1990)).
The majority nevertheless proceeds to announce that "the
character of the burden" in this case "requires [it] to proceed
differently." Ante, at 36. Smith, the Court claims, "recog-
nized Yoder as an exception to the general rule," and "the
burden in this case is of the exact same character as the
burden in Yoder." Ante, at 36 -- 37.
The problem for the majority is that this is not what
Smith said. Smith recognized that "[t]he only decisions in
which we have held that the First Amendment bars appli-
cation of a neutral, generally applicable law to religiously
motivated action have involved not the Free Exercise
Clause alone, but the Free Exercise Clause in conjunction
with other constitutional protections." 494 U. S., at 881.
Only in such "hybrid situation[s]" does the Court set aside
its neutral and generally applicable inquiry. Id., at 882.
Yoder, the Smith Court explained, was such a hybrid rights
case because the parents relied on both their substantive
due process rights to "direct the education of their children"
and the Free Exercise Clause. 494 U. S., at 881, and 
(discussing Yoder). Here, however, the Court's analysis
makes no mention of substantive due process rights or the
Fourteenth Amendment Due Process Clause. It instead as-
serts, simply, that "the burden in this case is of the exact
same character as the burden in Yoder." Ante, at 37. But
36 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

saying so does not make it so. To the contrary, as detailed
above, the burden asserted in this case is vastly different
from that identified in Yoder. See supra, at 14 -- 17.
Finally, the Court's application of strict scrutiny itself
only underscores the folly of its new approach. Under strict
scrutiny, the government bears the burden of demonstrat-
ing that its policy "advances 'interests of the highest order'
and is narrowly tailored to achieve those interests." Fulton
v. Philadelphia, (2021) ). The Court acknowledges that schools "have a 'com-
pelling interest in having an undisrupted school session
conducive to the students' learning.' " Ante, at 38 ). It
concludes the Board's policy permitting no opt outs, how-
ever, is not narrowly tailored to that interest. Ante, at 38 -- 
39. The Court notes that the Board permits opt outs from
the "Family Life and Human Sexuality" program, a discrete
health-education unit that MCPS offers in accordance with
Maryland law. See ante, at 38 -- 39; Code of Md. Regs., tit.
13a.18.01(C)(1)(c), (D)(2) (2019). "If the Board can
structure the 'Family Life and Human Sexuality' curricu-
lum to more easily accommodate opt outs, it could structure
instruction concerning the 'LGBTQ+-inclusive' storybooks
similarly," the Court asserts. Ante, at 39.
That misguided assessment illustrates perfectly why
judges should not be tasked with second-guessing questions
of school administration. The Court assumes, with no "spe-
cialized knowledge and experience" in the field of "educa-
tional policy," Rodriguez, 411 U. S., at 42, that MCPS can
simply create a new unit of instruction on these particular
Storybooks and thereby resolve any undue administrative
burdens from managing opt outs. Ante, at 38 -- 39; see also
ante, at 11 -- 12 (THOMAS, J., concurring) (making this same
point). What the majority elides, however, is that its ruling
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 37

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

is not limited to a set of five storybooks. It applies, ex-
pressly, to "any other similar book," ante, at 41, an amor-
phous category the Court declines to define, but which will
presumably include all other books that contain "subtle"
messages on gender and sexuality, even not involving
LGBTQ characters, that the parents here (and others in the
future) might find objectionable, ante, at 23.
The logic of the Court's ruling will also apply to countless
other topics, interactions, and activities that may conflict
with a parent's religious preferences. What of the parent
who wants his child's curriculum stripped of any mention
of women working outside the home, sincerely averring that
such activity conflicts with the family's religious beliefs? It
blinks reality to suggest that the simple solution for schools
is to create new discrete units of instruction to cover any set
of material to which a parent objects. The Court's analysis
thus reflects, all too well, the "obvious fact that courts are
not school boards or legislatures, and are ill-equipped to de-
termine the 'necessity' of discrete aspects of a State's pro-
gram of compulsory education." Yoder, 406 U. S., at 235.16

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
16 JUSTICE THOMAS goes yet further. He argues that the strict scrutiny

analysis should require schools to identify a "history and tradition" of
teaching the relevant subject or material. Ante, at 2 (concurring opin-
ion); see ante, at 3 -- 5 (faulting the Board for failing to demonstrate a his-
tory and tradition of "LGBTQ+-inclusive" teaching). That approach fails
to appreciate the constantly evolving nature of education. Classes on
computer literacy, robotics, and film studies, to take just a few examples,
are modern developments. In the early 19th century, moreover, "the
common curriculum usually included a handful of elementary subjects,"
such as "reading, writing, and arithmetic." W. Reese, America's Public
Schools 28 (2005). Under JUSTICE THOMAS's test, it appears, schools may
have no compelling interest in teaching anything beyond those topics. It
is not clear, either, how far back JUSTICE THOMAS would have courts look.
Should courts limit their inquiry to the founding era or the 19th century
for guidance on which topics schools have a sufficiently compelling inter-
est in teaching for purposes of this "history and tradition" test? It is in-
conceivable that learning should be shackled to a moment in time.
38 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

What is more, the point of the Board's program is to en-
sure that diverse groups of students are represented in
reading materials across the curriculum. The Board cannot
accomplish that purpose simply by consolidating all books
involving LGBTQ characters into a single inclusivity hour
and allowing opt outs, as the majority appears to believe.
Ante, at 39. That approach would emphasize difference ra-
ther than sameness and foster exclusion rather than inclu-
sion. The point of inclusivity is to use books representing a
diversity of identities and viewpoints the same way one
might use any other book, communicating that one's
LGBTQ classmates should be treated in the same manner
as anyone else.
* * *
Today's ruling threatens the very essence of public edu-
cation. The Court, in effect, constitutionalizes a parental
veto power over curricular choices long left to the demo-
cratic process and local administrators. That decision guts
our free exercise precedent and strikes at the core premise
of public schools: that children may come together to learn
not the teachings of a particular faith, but a range of con-
cepts and views that reflect our entire society. Exposure to
new ideas has always been a vital part of that project, until
now.
The reverberations of the Court's error will be felt, I fear,
for generations. Unable to condone that grave misjudg-
ment, I dissent.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 39

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.

APPENDIX

App. to Pet. for Cert. 279a, 281a -- 305a.
40 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 41

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
42 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 43

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
44 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 45

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
46 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 47

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
48 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 49

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
50 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 51

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
52 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 53

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
54 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 55

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
56 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 57

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
58 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 59

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
60 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 61

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
62 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 63

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
64 MAHMOUD v. TAYLOR

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 65

Appendix to opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.