JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
A federal statute authorizes district courts to shorten
prison sentences for "extraordinary and compelling rea-
sons" -- most commonly, conditions like the prisoner's age
and infirmity. 18 U. S. C. (1)(A). Petitioner Joe
Fernandez argues that doubts about a conviction's validity
also qualify as "extraordinary and compelling" reasons for
relief under the statute. We disagree. A prisoner who col-
laterally attacks the validity of his conviction must proceed
through 28 U. S. C., not 18 U. S. C..
I
Fernandez was indicted in 2013 for his role in the assas-
sination of two gang members. The prosecution's theory
was that members of a drug ring had paid Fernandez
$40,000 to act as the backup shooter. When the primary
shooter's gun jammed, Fernandez stepped in. He fired 14
rounds, killing both victims.
Fernandez's cousin and alleged co-conspirator, Patrick
Darge, testified against him at trial. To discredit Darge,
Fernandez's counsel argued that Darge was framing Fer-
nandez to protect the real second shooter, Darge's brother.
Unconvinced, the jury convicted Fernandez of murder for
2 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

hire and a firearms offense. See 18 U. S. C., 1958.
The District Court then imposed two consecutive life sen-
tences.
Fernandez asked the District Court to reconsider, alleg-
ing that the prosecution had violated Brady v. Maryland,
(1963). He pressed that argument several
times, first in a motion to vacate the verdict, then in a mo-
tion for new trial, and again in a motion for rehearing. Ac-
cording to Fernandez, the Government should have dis-
closed that another alleged co-conspirator, Luis Rivera, had
denied driving the getaway car. To determine whether Ri-
vera had in fact denied his involvement, the District Court
reviewed the Government's notes from Rivera's interview;
it concluded that they "d[id] not contain any relevant infor-
mation." United States v. Fernandez, 2014 WL 7180225, *1
(SDNY, Nov. 25, 2014). There was no evidence that Rivera
had ever made such a statement, and it was not clear that
it would have mattered to the jury if he had. Even so, the
judge noted that he was "troubled" that prosecutors had "al-
low[ed] Rivera to plead to a lesser narcotics offense and
[had] dismiss[ed] the murder and gun charges against him."
Id., at *3. In the judge's view, the prosecutors could have
used the evidence in Fernandez's case to show that Rivera
had engaged in similar wrongdoing. Ibid.
Fernandez appealed, and the Second Circuit affirmed his
conviction and sentence. See United States v. Fernandez,
648 Fed. Appx. 56 (2016). Although Fernandez argued that
the Government had failed to turn over its notes before
trial, those notes "d[id] not reflect Rivera's unequivocal de-
nial of a getaway driver role." Id., at 61. "[I]n any event,"
the court said, "Fernandez fails to show how the notes could
have been 'useful'" for impeaching any witness. Ibid. Fer-
nandez also argued that insufficient evidence supported his
conviction: He insisted that Darge's testimony was not cred-
ible and highlighted the Government's choice not to charge
Rivera as a co-conspirator in the murder-for-hire plot,
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

which he considered indicative of the weakness of the Gov-
ernment's case. But the court rejected the insufficiency
claim too. It held that a reasonable jury could credit
Darge's testimony, that it was corroborated by other evi-
dence in the record, and that the evidence was sufficient to
support Fernandez's conviction.
Fernandez persisted. He twice moved for postconviction
relief under 28 U. S. C.. The first time, Fernandez
argued (among other things) that he was actually innocent
because the testimony against him was not credible. He
said that "[e]ven the Government did not fully believe Pat-
rick Darge," as shown by the Government's decision not to
charge Rivera with murder for hire. Reply Brief in No. 18 -- 
06 (CA2), pp. 8 -- 9,. The Second Circuit described this
argument as "plainly meritless," concluding that "[t]he jury
was entitled to credit the witnesses who testified that Fer-
nandez committed the crimes with which he was charged."
Fernandez v. United States, 757 Fed. Appx. 52, 55 -- 56
(2018). The second collateral challenge succeeded. The Dis-
trict Court set aside Fernandez's conviction for a firearms
offense after United States v. Davis, (2019),
held that 18 U. S. C. (3)'s residual clause is uncon-
stitutionally vague. See Fernandez v. United States, 569
F. Supp. 3d 169 (SDNY 2021).
Still, the District Judge remained troubled about Fernan-
dez's murder-for-hire conviction. No new evidence had sur-
faced. But the judge continued to focus on Rivera -- the get-
away driver who had pleaded guilty to a less serious charge.
In his order vacating the firearms conviction, the judge
speculated that the Government had offered Rivera such a
lenient plea deal because it "kn[ew] something" incon-
sistent with Darge's testimony. Id., at 174,. And if
Darge was lying, the judge wondered, "perhaps there is
something to Petitioner's argument, that not he, but Pat-
rick Darge's brother... was the second shooter, and that
Patrick Darge testified to cover that up." Ibid. Notably, the
4 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Second Circuit had already rejected this argument twice,
and Fernandez had not briefed it again before the District
Court. But the judge brought it up anyway, pointedly not-
ing that if Fernandez's life sentence on the murder-for-hire
charge "were to be commuted, or held unlawful, [Fernan-
dez] would be released immediately." Id., at 179.
Fernandez took the hint. Within two weeks, he filed a
motion for compassionate release under (1)(A)(i).
See No. 1:10 -- cr -- 00863 (SDNY), ECF Doc. 248. He argued
that extraordinary and compelling reasons -- above all, that
he was innocent -- warranted a sentencing reduction. Ac-
cording to Fernandez, Darge's testimony was biased and
uncorroborated by forensic evidence; moreover, his identifi-
cation of Rivera as the getaway driver was inconsistent
with a later statement made by Rivera himself. The Gov-
ernment had not turned over its notes on that statement,
Fernandez asserted, and had allowed Rivera to plead guilty
to a lesser charge.
The District Court granted the motion. Nearly a decade
after presiding over the trial and sentencing, the judge felt
"a certain disquiet" about whether Darge's testimony had
been truthful and whether the cross-examination had been
effective. 2022 WL 17039059, *4 (SDNY, Nov. 17, 2022).
He had "strong concerns" about the Government's decision
to charge the getaway driver with a lesser offense and
"doubt[ed] that the jury's verdict was correct." Ibid. Darge
might have "sacrifice[d]" Fernandez "to save his brother,"
and Fernandez might not have been the shooter or even "a
member of the conspiracy." Ibid. That "disquiet" formed
the "basis of [the District Court's] finding that Petitioner
Joe Fernandez has shown extraordinary and compelling
circumstances for his release." Ibid.1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The District Court also granted compassionate release based on the

sentencing "disparity between Fernandez'[s] life sentence and the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

The Second Circuit reversed, holding that "challenges to
the validity of a conviction are not cognizable as 'extraordi-
nary and compelling reasons' under section 3582(c)(1)(A)."
104 F. 4th 420, 431 (2024). Congress has channeled such
claims into federal postconviction proceedings under 28
U. S. C., and by design, compassionate release and
do not overlap. "Challenging the validity of a convic-
tion under the extraordinary-and-compelling-reasons
prong of section 3582," the court explained, "would permit
a defendant to 'evade the collateral review structure' of sec-
tion 2255." 104 F. 4th, at 430 (alteration omitted).
While seven other Circuits have reached the same con-
clusion, two have taken the other side.2 We granted certio-
rari to resolve the split. (2025).
II
Collateral attacks on federal convictions are governed by
28 U. S. C., which imposes tight procedural con-
straints. It carries a one-year statute of limitations.. With very narrow exceptions, a prisoner gets only
one shot at collateral relief. (1) -- (2). Claims that
have already been raised and rejected on direct review typ-
ically cannot be relitigated in motions. See Kaufman
v. United States, (1969); Reed v. Far-
ley, (1994) (Scalia, J., concurring in part
and concurring in judgment). And claims not raised on
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
sentences of the co-defendants." 2022 WL 17039059, *4. The Second
Circuit concluded that this was an error, 104 F. 4th 420, 429 (2024), and
the issue is not before us.
2 Compare United States v. Ferguson, 55 F. 4th 262, 270 -- 272 (CA4

2022); United States v. Escajeda, 58 F. 4th 184, 186 -- 187 (CA5 2023);
United States v. West, 70 F. 4th 341, 346 -- 348 (CA6 2023); United States
v. Von Vader, 58 F. 4th 369, 371 (CA7 2023); United States v. Crandall,
25 F. 4th 582, 586 (CA8 2022); United States v. Wesley, 60 F. 4th 1277,
1284 -- 1286 (CA10 2023); United States v. Jenkins, 50 F. 4th 1185, 1202 -- 
1204 (CADC 2022), with United States v. Trenkler, 47 F. 4th 42, 48 (CA1
2022); United States v. Roper, 72 F. 4th 1097, 1102 -- 1103 (CA9 2023).
6 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

direct review are procedurally defaulted unless the prisoner
can demonstrate " 'cause' " and " 'prejudice,' " or else actual
innocence. Bousley v. United States, 
(1998). If the prisoner clears these procedural hurdles, he
must demonstrate that the applicable substantive law enti-
tles him to relief. Section 2255's companion statute, 28
U. S. C., imposes similar constraints on state prison-
ers.
Recall that Fernandez brought -- and lost -- a challenge to
his conviction under. This case arises from his mo-
tion presenting similar arguments under a different stat-
ute, 18 U. S. C., which permits prisoners to seek com-
passionate release from prison. In contrast to 's
reticulated scheme, imposes a single procedural re-
quirement: A prisoner must first present his request for re-
lease to the Bureau of Prisons. (1)(A). A motion
may then be filed in district court, where the prisoner (or
the Bureau, acting on his behalf ) must show that "extraor-
dinary and compelling reasons" warrant his early release
from confinement. (1)(A)(i).
This is not the first time we have addressed the relation-
ship between the habeas statutes and other kinds of pris-
oner litigation. In Preiser v. Rodriguez, prisoners brought
claims under 42 U. S. C. challenging the forfeiture of
their good-time credits, and their claims "plainly came
within the literal terms of that statute." 
(1973). Even so, we held that "[t]he broad language of
" did not afford the prisoners a cause of action. Id., at
489. "Congress has determined that habeas corpus is the
appropriate remedy for state prisoners attacking the valid-
ity of the fact or length of their confinement, and that spe-
cific determination must override the general terms of." Id., at 490. Challenges "close to the core of habeas
corpus" must be brought, if at all, under "the specific federal
habeas corpus statute" -- in that case -- which was
"explicitly and historically designed to provide the means
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

for a state prisoner to attack the validity of his confine-
ment." Id., at 489. A contrary result would allow prisoners
to evade 's requirements, and so would "wholly frus-
trate explicit congressional intent." Ibid. That is why
" must be read in harmony with the habeas statute."
District Attorney's Office for Third Judicial Dist. v. Os-
borne, (2009).
Gonzalez v. Crosby, (2005), flows in the
same vein. There, we held that prisoners may not use Fed-
eral Rule of Civil Procedure 60(b) to argue that a denial of
habeas relief was wrong on the merits and warrants reo-
pening. The language of Rule 60(b) is expansive, permit-
ting courts to reopen a final judgment whenever a movant
shows "any... reason that justifies relief." Fed. Rule Civ.
Proc. 60(b)(6). And the text of "did
not expressly circumscribe the operation of Rule 60(b)."
Gonzalez, 545 U. S., at 529. Yet allowing movants to use a
Rule 60(b) motion to make merits arguments would still col-
lide with. It would permit movants to "circumvent"
the strict statutory habeas standards, including "that a suc-
cessive habeas petition be precertified by the court of ap-
peals." Id., at 531 -- 532 (3)). And
the Rule could not be applied to habeas proceedings in a
manner " 'inconsistent with' ". 545 U. S., at 529 (quot-
ing 28 U. S. C. Rule 11 (2000 ed., Supp. IV)). Thus,
Rule 60(b)'s allowance of reopening for "any... reason" was
narrowed to account for.
Much like the prisoners in Preiser and Gonzalez, Fernan-
dez has pursued a collateral attack outside the rigorous ha-
beas framework. And as in those cases, the workaround is
impermissible. Challenging the validity of a conviction
8 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

through a compassionate release motion circumvents the
exacting requirements of.3
Indeed, Fernandez candidly admits that avoiding 's
procedural and substantive requirements is the benefit of
his approach. As for procedure: Fernandez asserted at oral
argument that "there are harsh limitations associated with
[§]2255, and Congress has stated... that those limitations
are appropriate, but it doesn't mean that in every case, as
applied to every defendant, that those limitations are fair."
Tr. of Oral Arg. 18 -- 19. According to Fernandez, the ability
to bring a merits-based challenge under mitigates
"[t]he error and the unfairness of [the prisoner's] not having
been able to bring it under [§]2255." Id., at 19. His take on
substance is similar. He offers the example of a prisoner
who claims that prosecutors withheld mitigating evidence
and that his lawyer was constitutionally ineffective for fail-
ing to pursue that evidence. Fernandez posits that these
arguments would fail to satisfy "the legal intricacies of the
doctrines related to Brady v. Maryland and Strickland v.
Washington." Brief for Petitioner 41 (citation omitted).
Still, Fernandez asserts, these half-baked legal challenges
could count as "extraordinary and compelling reasons" that
justify a reduced sentence. Ibid. The dissent, too, pro-
claims that the "core mission" of compassionate release is

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The dissent dismisses Preiser and Gonzalez on the ground that 

and Rule 60(b) are "general" provisions, whereas 18 U. S. C.
(1)(A) is "specific." Post, at 14 -- 16 (opinion of JACKSON, J.). But
Preiser and Gonzalez do not lay the relevant statutes side-by-side to de-
termine which is more "general" than the other. (If that were the metric,
(1)(A) is certainly "more general" than 28 U. S. C..) In-
stead, both cases apply an anticircumvention principle: They ask
whether it would "impermissibly circumvent" the specific design of the
habeas statute to permit prisoners to challenge the legality of their con-
finement through a statute whose literal language might otherwise ap-
ply. Gonzalez, 545 U. S., at 532; see also Preiser, 411 U. S., at 489. We
undertake the same inquiry here.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

to offer deserving prisoners relief from the rigors of.
Post, at 21 (opinion of JACKSON, J.).
It is easy to see why Fernandez would prefer this con-
struction. Section 3582 -- in sharp contrast to -- im-
poses no time limit or numerical cap on motions. Nor is
there any bar to raising issues waived or already decided on
direct appeal. So a prisoner proceeding under could
challenge the validity of his conviction repeatedly, for years
after it became final, even if the issue had already been
raised or decided in prior proceedings. This system would
enable prisoners not only to bypass, but also to over-
ride it. Consider this very case: Fernandez lost an argu-
ment on direct review and under, but then repack-
aged it in a motion under (1)(A)(i) and obtained
release from prison on those twice-rejected grounds.
We will not set and at cross-purposes when
we can construe them "in harmony." District Attorney's Of-
fice, 557 U. S., at 66. Congress made compassionate release
available only when "extraordinary and compelling rea-
sons" justify it. (1)(A)(i). That is a demanding
standard. And as we did with in Preiser and
Rule 60(b) in Gonzalez, we interpret against the
backdrop of the detailed process that Congress "explicitly
and historically designed" for "attack[ing] the validity of [a
prisoner's] confinement." Preiser, 411 U. S., at 489; see also
Jones v. Hendrix, (2023). Seen in that
light, the supposed invalidity of a conviction is not among
the "extraordinary and compelling reasons" that justify
compassionate release.
While Congress has not defined the "extraordinary and
compelling reasons" that may warrant a reduced sentence,
these criteria are not empty vessels. "Extraordinary"
means "most unusual," "far from common," and "having lit-
tle or no precedent." Webster's Third New International
Dictionary 807 (1976); see 5 Oxford English Dictionary 614
(2d ed. 1989) ("[o]ut of the usual or regular course or order").
10 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

"Compelling" means "tending to convince or convert by or
as if by forcefulness of evidence." Webster's Third New In-
ternational Dictionary, at 463; see 3 Oxford English Dic-
tionary, at 600 ("irresistible; demanding attention, re-
spect"). We will focus on the latter requirement.
An argument that is compelling in one context is not nec-
essarily so in another; the force of an argument depends on
what it seeks to justify. For instance, a 25th wedding anni-
versary is a convincing reason to shorten a business trip,
but it is not a convincing reason to shorten a prison sen-
tence. So here, we do not ask in the abstract whether a
challenge to the validity of a conviction is "compelling." We
ask whether it is an especially convincing reason to grant
the relief sought: compassionate release from prison.4
Section 2255's reticulated scheme bears on this inquiry.
A reason is not "compelling" if Congress has channeled it
through the postconviction statutes. Even Fernandez rec-
ognizes that an argument may be less compelling if it could
have been -- and was not -- asserted through. He ad-
mits that courts may consider "as part of the extraordinary
and compelling analysis" whether a "defendant sat on his
rights or whether he's taken all opportunities to enforce his
rights." Tr. of Oral Arg. 15 -- 16. Yet the same is true for
's other substantive and procedural requirements:
That Congress has chosen to make a high bar is not
a compelling reason to reduce the sentences of prisoners
who fall short.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The dissent acknowledges that it is "obviously true" that context in-

forms which reasons count as "compelling." Post, at 4. The concurrence
agrees, for it proposes another context-based limit: that only "changed
circumstances" qualify as reasons warranting sentencing reduction.
Post, at 1 -- 2 (SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment). Given that the
concurrence embraces a limit that appears nowhere in the text, it is hard
to see how the concurrence can resist our interpretation on the ground
that it is "atextual." Post, at 1.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

Other features of the statute point in the same direction.
The name for (1)(A) -- "Compassionate Release" -- 
highlights its focus on granting mercy rather than righting
legal wrongs. First Step Act of 2018, 132 Stat. 5239
(heading). In keeping with the theme of "compassion," Con-
gress in gives special protection to defendants with a
"terminal illness.". For instance, the Director of
the Bureau of Prisons must notify terminally ill prisoners
of their right to seek compassionate release,
(2)(A)(i), (B)(i); must sometimes assist in prepar-
ing those compassionate release requests,
(2)(A)(iii), (B)(iii); and must report to Congress
"the number of prisoners who died while their request was
pending," (3)(H). In addition, the statute expressly
identifies one situation in which a sentencing reduction is
warranted: when "the defendant is at least 70 years of age,
has served at least 30 years" of a certain type of mandatory
life sentence, and the Director of the Bureau of Prisons de-
termines "that the defendant is not a danger to the safety
of any other person or the community." (1)(A)(ii).
And in another statute that references (1)(A), Con-
gress has permitted the Sentencing Commission to treat a
defendant's rehabilitation as a relevant consideration in
granting compassionate release. 28 U. S. C..
The role of the Bureau of Prisons reflects the statute's fo-
cus on a defendant's personal circumstances -- his advanced
age, safety risk, illness, rehabilitation, and the like. The
Bureau evaluates compassionate release motions in the
first instance. Until 2018, a district court could reduce a
sentence only " 'upon motion of the Director of the Bureau
of Prisons.' " Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, 98 Stat. 1998 -- 
1999. After the First Step Act, prisoners may file their own
compassionate release motions, but only if the Bureau de-
clines or fails to respond to a prisoner's request that the Di-
rector file on his behalf. 132 Stat. 5239. Fernandez agrees
that this procedural shift in the Bureau's role -- from
12 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

exclusive filer to initial evaluator -- did not change the sub-
stantive standard applicable to compassionate release mo-
tions. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 9 -- 12.
If compassionate release were a vehicle for attacking the
validity of a conviction, it is hard to see why the Bureau of
Prisons would run the process. The Bureau's institutional
expertise lies in the daily lives of prisoners: matters relat-
ing to their "safekeeping," "care," "subsistence," "protec-
tion," "instruction," and "discipline." 18 U. S. C..
So it makes sense for the statute to instruct the Bureau to
help terminally ill prisoners seek compassionate release.. By contrast, it makes little sense to have the Bu-
reau evaluate legal arguments and comb trial records to de-
termine whether a prisoner has a "compelling" argument
that his conviction was wrongful. Even Fernandez concedes
that analyzing potential trial errors is outside the Bureau's
bailiwick. Tr. of Oral Arg. 10. Take Fernandez's own situ-
ation: How would the Bureau determine whether the testi-
mony at his trial was credible? Or take Fernandez's hypo-
thetical: How would the Bureau evaluate arguments raised
under Brady v. Maryland, and Strickland v.
Washington, (1984)? Supra, at 8. Congress's
decision to route compassionate release motions through
the Bureau strongly suggests that the "extraordinary and
compelling reasons warrant[ing]" compassionate release
must be reasons that the Director is competent to assess.
(1)(A)(i).
Regulatory history points the same way. Congress has
authorized the Sentencing Commission to issue policy
statements about when compassionate release is war-
ranted, 28 U. S. C., and these policy statements
shape whether courts may grant compassionate release mo-
tions, 18 U. S. C. (1)(A). For decades, the Sentenc-
ing Commission has tied the availability of compassionate
release to a defendant's personal circumstances. See
United States Sentencing Commission, Guidelines Manual
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

App. C, Amdt. 698 (Nov. 2007) (USSG) (listing " 'extraordi-
nary and compelling reasons' " to include " 'terminal ill-
ness,' " " 'a permanent physical or medical condition,' "
" '[t]he death or incapacitation of the defendant's only fam-
ily members capable of caring for the defendant's minor
child,' " or " 'other' " reasons as determined by the Director
of the Bureau of Prisons). While the Sentencing Commis-
sion has issued more detailed policy statements over the
years, it has maintained the same basic categories.5 See
USSG.13(1), comment., (Nov. 2021). It has never
said that the invalidity of a conviction qualifies as an "ex-
traordinary and compelling reaso[n] warrant[ing]" compas-
sionate release. (1)(A)(i).
In short, the structural inference of Preiser and Gonzalez
is borne out in itself. The heartland "extraordinary
and compelling reasons" that might warrant an early re-
lease from prison -- age, illness, a child left with no guard-
ian -- bear no resemblance to the grounds for relief under. Fernandez cannot deploy to blunt what he
perceives to be the sharp edges of.
III
Fernandez insists that because and offer dif-
ferent forms of relief, the structural inference from Preiser
and Gonzalez does not apply. Under, a court could
set aside Fernandez's conviction as if it never happened.
But Fernandez is not going for that -- at least not in this
round. Now, he seeks the more modest relief permitted by
: a reduced sentence. If he succeeds, he would leave
prison early, but his murder-for-hire conviction -- along
with its collateral effects -- would remain in place. That
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 In 2023, the Sentencing Commission added a new category to the list

of "extraordinary and compelling" reasons: " 'Unusually Long Sen-
tence[s].' " USSG Supp. to App. C, Amdt. 814 (Nov.). That amendment,
while not relevant here, exceeds the Commission's authority. Rutherford
v. United States, ___ -- ___ (2026) ( -- 16).
14 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

distinction, he says, means that he is not circumventing, but rather proceeding on an entirely different track.
See also post, at 11 (JACKSON, J., dissenting).
Instead of helping him, this argument highlights the mis-
match between the error Fernandez alleges and the remedy
he seeks. When an elderly or infirm prisoner is discharged
early, the reasons for release have nothing to do with the
lawfulness of the conviction -- so it makes sense to leave it
in place. But when a prisoner persuades a court that his
conviction is invalid, the remedy of a little less prison time
does not redress the wrong. If a conviction is invalid, the
fitting remedy is to vacate it, as allows. That 
does not offer this remedy is evidence that it is not a suita-
ble vehicle for the claim.
In any event, the difference in relief does not render
Preiser irrelevant. The remedies were not identical in
Preiser either: The prisoner sought an injunction under
for the restoration of good-time credits, rather than
habeas relief. This formal distinction did not change our
analysis; what mattered was that Preiser brought a claim
"close to the core of habeas corpus." 411 U. S., at 489.
When, as here, a prisoner "attack[s] the validity of his con-
finement" and "seeks either immediate release from that
confinement or the shortening of its duration," his claim be-
longs under the umbrella of the postconviction statutes.
Ibid.
And to be clear: Fernandez is challenging the validity of
his conviction, even though he is not asking to have it va-
cated or set aside. Whether a prisoner's request for relief
challenges a conviction turns on the nature of the argu-
ments presented. See, e.g., Gonzalez, 545 U. S., at 531, 533
(holding that only some arguments presented in a Rule
60(b) motion would improperly infringe on ). When a
prisoner moves for compassionate release based on a termi-
nal illness, his motion does not suggest that his conviction
is invalid. But if a prisoner moves for relief because of
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

alleged problems with the underlying criminal investiga-
tion or trial, his motion suggests that his conviction is
flawed. That is true here: Fernandez's motion said he
"would never commit" murder for hire; questioned whether
the District Judge would have reached the same verdict as
the jury; urged the court not to credit Darge's testimony;
alleged that the Government failed to turn over or present
to the jury "highly exculpatory" notes from interviewing Ri-
vera; and even argued that Fernandez could sufficiently
show his actual innocence to satisfy Schlup v. Delo, (1995), which governs certain procedurally de-
faulted habeas claims. See ECF Doc. 248, pp. 7 -- 9, 14. The
District Court then impermissibly treated Fernandez's
challenge to his conviction as an "extraordinary and com-
pelling reaso[n]" for sentencing reduction. 18 U. S. C.
(1)(A)(i). It expressed "[r]eason to [q]uestion the
[v]erdict," "doubt that the jury's verdict was correct," and
the belief that the prosecution distrusted the testimony of
its star witness. 2022 WL 17039059, *4. In other words,
the District Court harbored doubts about the soundness of
the conviction.6

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Perplexingly, the dissent accuses us of failing to define "what it means

for a prisoner to 'collaterally attac[k] the validity of his conviction,' " post,
at 17, and characterizes this limit as unworkable,
post, at 9, 16 -- 19; see also post, at 1 (SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judg-
ment). But we explain our holding in detail, and its application is
straightforward: There is an obvious distinction between a prisoner who
asserts that he should not have been convicted in the first place and one
who asserts that his present circumstances warrant an exercise of com-
passion. Cf. Gonzalez v. Crosby, (2005) (requiring dis-
trict courts to distinguish between Rule 60(b) motions that attack "the
substance of the federal court's resolution of a claim on the merits" and
those that raise "some defect in the integrity of the federal habeas pro-
ceedings"). Indeed, we routinely require courts to draw much finer dis-
tinctions than this. See, e.g., Esteras v. United States, and (2025) (requiring sentencing courts to consider "the nature and
16 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Fernandez offers a backup position: Even if
(1)(A)(i) does not ordinarily allow district courts to
grant compassionate release for reasons that would support
a motion, he asserts that actual innocence claims are
an exception. He points out that "a factual showing of ac-
tual innocence 'ha[s] never been held to state a ground for
federal habeas relief absent an independent constitutional
violation.' " Brief for Petitioner 41 -- 42 ). Thus, he says, such a
claim must be cognizable under ; otherwise, a pris-
oner might have nowhere to go. See also post, at 9 -- 10, 17 -- 
18 (JACKSON, J., dissenting).
It bears emphasis that this argument is only marginally
relevant to Fernandez himself. No court -- not even the Dis-
trict Court that reduced his sentence -- concluded that Fer-
nandez was actually innocent. His evidentiary challenges
were repeatedly rejected, and the District Court reduced his
sentence because of "disquiet" about the conviction, not con-
fidence in Fernandez's innocence. 2022 WL 17039059, *4.
So even if an actual innocence claim were cognizable under, Fernandez would not benefit from it.
In any event, this case gives us no occasion to decide the
antecedent question whether a prisoner may assert a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
circumstances of the offense" but not the " 'need for the sentence imposed'
'to reflect the seriousness of the offense' ").
Betraying the weakness of its criticism, the dissent leans on a source
that offers no support. According to the dissent, our approach implicates
the "notoriously difficult" exercise of deciding "when, under the Preiser
line of cases, a successful action necessarily implies 'the invalidity
of the plaintiff 's conviction.' " Post, at 17 ). But this source
describes the difficulty of determining when relief other than a release
from custody (for example, a damages award) would "necessarily imply
the invalidity of [the plaintiff 's] conviction" within the meaning of Heck
v. Humphrey, (1994). That issue has no bearing on
today's case.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

freestanding actual innocence claim under. We have
never ruled that possibility out and do not do so now. See
Herrera, 506 U. S., at 417. Instead, we hold simply that a
compassionate release motion is not a vehicle for raising
such a claim. A prisoner asserting actual innocence "chal-
lenge[s] the validity of his conviction," id., at 406, whether
factually or legally, and that lies "close to the core of habeas
corpus," Preiser, 411 U. S., at 489. If it is "not in substance
a 'habeas corpus application,' " it is "at least similar enough
that failing to subject it to the same requirements would"
forge a path for bypassing the postconviction statutes. Gon-
zalez, 545 U. S., at 531. And for the reasons we have al-
ready stated, does not provide that kind of shortcut.
Fernandez's remaining arguments echo those presented
in another case, which we also decide today. See Rutherford
v. United States, (2026). Petitioners in both
cases contend that the phrase "extraordinary and compel-
ling reasons" vests courts with broad discretion to grant a
prisoner compassionate release for virtually any reason
whatsoever. We reject these arguments here for the same
reasons we reject them in Rutherford. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 15). "While the terms 'extraordinary' and 'com-
pelling' leave room for judgment, they are not so flexible as
to encompass any consideration." Id., at ___.
* * *
The compassionate release provision is not a vehicle for
attacking the validity of a conviction. Accordingly, the judg-
ment of the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is af-
firmed.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 556
_________________

JOE FERNANDEZ, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT
[May 28, 2026]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN joins,
concurring in the judgment.
The First Step Act of 2018 expanded district courts' au-
thority to "reduce [a] term of imprisonment" upon a finding
that "extraordinary and compelling reasons warrant such a
reduction" and that the reduced sentence is consistent with
traditional sentencing factors. 18 U. S. C. (1)(A).
For many of the reasons explained in JUSTICE JACKSON's
dissenting opinion, the Court's decision interpreting that
provision today is wrong. The majority improperly narrows
the scope of (1)(A) based on tenuous inferences
drawn from the federal habeas statutes. Its habeas-based
rule distorts and expands the Court's habeas-channeling
cases, creating an atextual limitation found nowhere in
(1)(A). In doing so, it superimposes a technical, and
likely unworkable, habeas analysis on top of a sentence-
reduction framework that broadly calls for holistic review.
Moreover, the rule adopted today risks shutting out meri-
torious claims for a sentence reduction simply because they
might resemble, in some amorphous way, a claim that
might call into question a sentence or conviction.
Even so, the judgment below should be affirmed on a dif-
ferent, far simpler ground, which follows much more natu-
rally from the statute before the Court: A motion for com-
passionate release cannot justify a reduced sentence if it
relies solely on facts a court already considered in imposing
2 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

the initial sentence, rather than any changed circum-
stances that developed after sentencing.
In general, a "court may not modify a term of imprison-
ment once it has been imposed.". Section
3582(c)(1)(A) authorizes a limited departure from that rule
of finality when "extraordinary and compelling reasons"
arise so as to "warrant... a reduction" of the sentence im-
posed. For a reason to "warrant" a change of a sentence,
however, it cannot have been a consideration that was part
of the initial sentencing determination to begin with. At
the very least, changing a sentence already imposed under
(1)(A) requires something to have changed, after
sentencing, in a way that alters the sentencing calculus.
See, e.g., Setser v. United States, -- 243
(2012) (explaining that (1)(A) provides for relief
when " 'developments that take place after the first sentenc-
ing' produc[e] unfairness to the defendant" (citation omit-
ted)). Otherwise, district courts would have indefinite au-
thority to revise sentences already imposed based on
information and arguments that were previously consid-
ered and rejected. Such authority would seriously diminish
the finality of sentences required by.
The District Court's grant of relief here ran afoul of this
principle. Petitioner Joe Fernandez has been litigating the
issues at the core of his (1)(A) motion since his trial.
From the start, Fernandez has contended that the evidence
against him was weak and that the prosecution failed to
prove beyond a reasonable doubt that he (and not someone
else) committed the murders for which he was convicted.
He raised these issues at his trial, see ante, at 1 -- 2, at his
sentencing, see App. 57 -- 62, in a motion to reconsider his
sentence, see ante, at 2 -- 3, and in a postconviction motion
under 28 U. S. C., even though "[n]o new evidence
had surfaced," ante, at 3 -- 4. Each effort failed in the trial
court and on appeal. Yet these same arguments finally
found success under (1)(A) based on the District
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

Court's renewed feelings of " 'doub[t]' " and " 'disquiet' "
about the original trial evidence supporting Fernandez's
jury verdict. Ante, at 4.*
This grant of relief was inappropriate given the absence
of any postsentencing developments, and the Court needed
to go no further to affirm the decision below. Unfortu-
nately, bad facts often make bad law, and so they did today.
Correctly perceiving a problem with the District Court's
grant of relief, the majority responds with a rule that goes
far beyond both what is needed to resolve this case and,
worse, what the text and relevant precedents can bear. Be-
cause I do not agree with the majority's reasoning in sup-
port of its decision to affirm the decision below, I concur
only in the judgment of the Court.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*As the majority notes, ante, at 4, the District Court also relied
on a sentencing disparity between Fernandez and some of his codefend-
ants in granting relief, but the Second Circuit rejected that separate ba-
sis for relief on grounds unrelated to the question that this Court granted
certiorari to review, 104 F. 4th 420, 428 -- 429 (2024).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 556
_________________

JOE FERNANDEZ, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT
[May 28, 2026]

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting.
Section 3582(c)(1)(A) of Title 18 of the U. S. Code -- known
as the compassionate-release statute -- authorizes district
courts to reduce federal prison sentences under specified
circumstances. This case is about the scope of that author-
ity. By its terms, the compassionate-release statute is flex-
ible, permitting sentence reductions for "extraordinary and
compelling reasons." 18 U. S. C. (1)(A)(i). The
breadth of this language is no accident: It reflects Con-
gress's intent to preserve some of the traditional discretion
afforded to district courts to ensure just treatment of de-
fendants in criminal cases.
Today, the Court arbitrarily restricts that discretion by
grafting an atextual rule onto (1)(A). It holds that
a district court may not base its "extraordinary and compel-
ling" findings on any reason that "collaterally attacks the
validity" of the prisoner's conviction. Ante, at 1. Such "at-
tacks," the majority says, must be brought through motions
for habeas relief under 28 U. S. C.. Ibid. But this
restriction comes of out nowhere -- it finds no support in the
statute's text or history, nor can it be justified by our prec-
edents.
What, then, explains the new categorical rule that the
Court adopts today? The answer appears to be the major-
ity's intuition that the District Court's grant of petitioner
Joe Fernandez's compassionate-release motion qualifies as
2 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., dissenting

an abuse of discretion under the circumstances presented
here. That may well be true -- but not because of an im-
plicit, habeas-based limitation on the reach of
(1)(A).
Because the Court of Appeals erroneously relied on such
a habeas-based rule in reversing the District Court's grant
of compassionate release, and the majority now endorses
that approach, I respectfully dissent. I would vacate, rather
than affirm, the decision of the Court of Appeals.
I
The majority holds that the District Court erred in grant-
ing Fernandez's compassionate-release motion because
(1)(A) contains an implicit habeas-based limitation:
Sentence reductions that derive from purported "[c]ollat-
eral attacks on federal convictions" are not authorized.
Ante, at 5. It is not clear whether the majority believes, on
the one hand, that conviction-related concerns can never be
sufficiently "extraordinary and compelling" or, on the other,
that even if there are "extraordinary and compelling" rea-
sons to doubt the defendant's conviction, a sentence reduc-
tion is nevertheless unavailable.
What is evident is that, in devising this new rule, the ma-
jority devotes most of its analysis to describing the contours
of habeas relief under and gives short shrift to the
text and history of (1)(A). Had the majority focused
instead on the statute actually before it, it would have seen
that the compassionate-release provision operates as an in-
dependent stop-gap measure, designed to preserve a dis-
trict court's discretion to reduce a criminal sentence when
"extraordinary and compelling" circumstances warrant
that result. And when (1)(A) is thus properly un-
derstood, it is clear that the existence of habeas review has
no bearing whatsoever on whether a defendant can seek or
obtain compassionate release.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

A
Start with the words Congress used in (1)(A) -- 
they provide the most obvious strike against the majority's
newfound rule. Section 3582(c)(1)(A)'s text, while authoriz-
ing a sentence reduction, does not refer to or habeas
review -- in any way, shape, or form. Of course, if Congress
had intended to limit the availability of the compas-
sionate-release remedy, it could easily have said so. This
Court has often taken the lack of a cross-reference to mean
that two distinct statutory provisions bear no relation to
one another. See, e.g., Pugin v. Garland, 
(2023); Azar v. Allina Health Services, -- 
577 (2019).
Not only is there no explicit basis for the majority's
habeas-based rule, there is also no implicit one. Section
3582(c)(1)(A) is a straightforward grant of discretion: It
vests district courts with authority to reduce a prisoner's
sentence for "extraordinary and compelling reasons." The
terms "extraordinary" and "compelling" are commonly un-
derstood to relate to a narrow and specific set of circum-
stances defined by degree, not type. See Rutherford v.
United States, ___ (2026) (SOTOMAYOR, J., dis-
senting) ( -- 8). As the majority acknowledges,
" '[e]xtraordinary' means 'most unusual,' 'far from common,'
and 'having little or no precedent,' " while " 'compelling'
means 'tending to convince or convert by or as if by forceful-
ness of evidence.' " Ante, at 9 -- 10 ). Neither
definition implies the exclusion of any kind of consideration
from a district court's sentence-reduction analysis. Rather,
they suggest that any factor can be the basis for compas-
sionate release, so long as it is both sufficiently unusual and
sufficiently forceful. See Romag Fasteners, Inc. v. Fossil
Group, Inc., (2020) (observing that this
Court does not "usually read into statutes words that aren't
there").
4 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The statutory context confirms the absence of any type-
based restriction on the sentence-modification authority
(1)(A) conveys, much less the majority's preferred
habeas limit. With full awareness of, Congress
placed only two textual limitations on what constitutes an
"extraordinary and compelling reason" to modify a defend-
ant's sentence. First, the resulting sentence reduction
must be "consistent" with the Sentencing Commission's pol-
icy statements. 18 U. S. C. (1)(A). Second, "[r]eha-
bilitation of the defendant alone shall not be considered an
extraordinary and compelling reason" for a sentence reduc-
tion. 28 U. S. C.. Far from connoting an additional
habeas-based constraint, Congress's express inclusion of
these two restrictions on a district court's "extraordinary
and compelling" findings " 'implies the exclusion of othe[r]' "
such limitations. Jennings v. Rodriguez, 
(2018) ).
The majority offers little by way of a text-based come-
back. Focusing on the word "compelling," the majority ob-
serves that what "is compelling in one context is not neces-
sarily so in another"; for example, a 25th wedding
anniversary may be a "compelling" reason to shorten a busi-
ness trip but not a prison sentence. Ante, at 10. While ob-
viously true, that observation tells us nothing relevant. All
agree that personal considerations (e.g., illness and family
hardship) might warrant a sentence reduction under
(1)(A), see ante, at 10 -- 12, yet those considerations,
too, are more or less "compelling" under various circum-
stances. Moreover, as explained in Part II -- A, infra, Fer-
nandez's claim of actual innocence, if meritorious, would be
a compelling reason to reduce his sentence. At the time the
District Court considered his (1)(A) motion, Fer-
nandez had already served 11 years in federal prison for a
crime he says he did not commit. On the "extraordinary
and compelling reasons" scale, his innocence claim is
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

lightyears away from reducing a sentence to facilitate cele-
bration of a wedding anniversary.
B
The text alone suffices to dispel the habeas-related limi-
tation myth the majority adopts today. But, as is often true
of statutes, it is not possible to fully understand the com-
passionate-release provision without appreciating its stat-
utory and legislative history. See R. Katzmann, Judging
Statutes 31 (2014) ("The task of the judge is to make sense
of legislation in a way that is faithful to Congress's pur-
poses"). The historical context under which (1)(A)
emerged and developed is "the water in which [the text]
swim[s]." United States v. Hansen, 
(2023). Notably absent from this history is any indication
that Congress understood to implicitly limit the
scope of compassionate release, either when it first enacted
(1)(A) in 1984 or when it amended the provision in
2018.
1
Before 1984, "the Federal Government employed in crim-
inal cases a system of indeterminate sentencing." Mistretta
v. United States, (1989). Though "[s]tat-
utes specified the penalties for crimes," they "nearly always
gave the sentencing judge wide discretion to decide whether
the offender should be incarcerated and for how long" or
"whether restraint, such as probation, should be imposed
instead of imprisonment or fine." Ibid. The result: "great
variation among sentences imposed by different judges
upon similarly situated offenders" and "uncertainty as to
the time the offender would spend in prison." Id., at 366.
Congress set out to alleviate those problems with the Sen-
tencing Reform Act of 1984. See 98 Stat. 1987; see also
S. Rep. No. 98 -- 225, p. 65 (1983) ("The shameful disparity
in criminal sentences is a major flaw in the existing
6 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., dissenting

criminal justice system, and makes it clear that the system
is ripe for reform"). The Act's most prominent reform was
the creation of the U. S. Sentencing Commission, which
Congress tasked with promulgating a new, determinate
system of Sentencing Guidelines. See, 98 Stat.
2017 (codified at 28 U. S. C. ). Initially, the Guidelines
were "binding on the courts." See Mistretta, 488 U. S., at
367 -- 368. Judges had some discretion to depart from an ap-
plicable Guidelines range, but only after "find[ing] an ag-
gravating or mitigating factor present that the Commission
did not adequately consider." Id., at 367.1
By design, the new Guidelines-based system left little
room for judges to exercise discretion when determining the
applicable sentence. See S. Rep. No. 98 -- 225, at 38 (describ-
ing the new system as aimed at eliminating "the unfettered
discretion the law confers" on sentencing judges). At the
same time, Congress recognized that removing all discre-
tion would result in unfairly harsh sentences for some pris-
oners. Indeed, despite the uniformity aim of the Guidelines,
lawmakers acknowledged the possibility of an "exceptional
situation where someone obviously slips through the cracks
and gets a much longer sentence." Hearings on Revision of
the Federal Criminal Code before the Subcommittee on
Criminal Justice of the House Committee on the Judiciary,
96th Cong., 1st Sess., pt. 3, pp. 1842 -- 1843 (1979) (Code Re-
vision Hearings) (statement of Rep. Lungren). Federal
judges similarly warned of "those occasional cases which
cry out for some sort of revision, even though the sentence
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Today, of course, the Guidelines are no longer binding -- though dis-

trict courts must still "consult" and "take them into account when sen-
tencing." United States v. Booker, (2005). The Guide-
lines thus "remain a basis for almost all federal sentences." Hughes v.
United States, (2018); see Peugh v. United States, (2013) (observing that, "[e]ven after Booker rendered the
Sentencing Guidelines advisory," courts overwhelmingly "imposed either
within-Guidelines sentences or sentences that depart downward from
the Guidelines on the Government's motion").
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

on that particular offender has been imposed by a perfectly
conscientious sentencing court... and based upon facts and
circumstances which were a matter of record." See id., at
1902 -- 1903 (statement of Hon. Harold R. Tyler).
This problem was what Congress set out to address when
it created various " 'safety valve[s]' " on the back end of the
sentencing process, allowing district courts to exercise their
discretion to reduce sentences in "unusual case[s]." S. Rep.
No. 98 -- 225, at 121. The compassionate-release provision
was one of them. As enacted in 1984, (1)(A) per-
mitted the Director of the Bureau of Prisons (BOP) to peti-
tion a sentencing court for a reduction in a prisoner's sen-
tence. (2), 98 Stat. 1998 -- 1999. And it authorized a
court to grant such a petition if, " 'after considering the fac-
tors set forth in section 3553(a),' " the court found " 'that ex-
traordinary and compelling reasons' " justified the reduc-
tion and that such a reduction was " 'consistent with
applicable policy statements issued by the Sentencing Com-
mission.' " Ibid.
Significantly for present purposes, Congress was well
aware of in 1984. See, e.g., S. Rep. No. 98 -- 225, at
234 (cross-referencing in explaining a different pro-
vision of the Sentencing Reform Act). But it never sug-
gested that (1)(A) and were mutually exclu-
sive, much less that habeas was the sole means of obtaining
postsentencing relief from an unjust conviction. Nor did
Congress indicate that the availability of compassionate re-
lease hinged on the unavailability of habeas review. In-
stead, it was clear from the start that compassionate re-
lease was a distinct vehicle for addressing potential
inequities with respect to a defendant's sentence: one spe-
cifically designed to allow for the flexible consideration of
"extraordinary and compelling" circumstances notwith-
standing the restrictions that otherwise made the sentenc-
ing system less discretionary. Id., at 121 (recognizing the
"value" of "assur[ing] the availability of specific review and
8 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., dissenting

reduction of a term of imprisonment for 'extraordinary and
compelling reasons' ").
2
But, as it turned out, the compassionate-release safety
valve rarely opened in the decades following
(1)(A)'s enactment. Between 2006 and 2011, an av-
erage of "only 24 inmates" were "released each year through
the BOP's compassionate release program." Dept. of Jus-
tice, Office of Inspector General, The Federal Bureau of
Prisons' Compassionate Release Program 1 (Apr. 2013).
Over time, it became clear that BOP was drastically un-
derutilizing its compassionate-release power, "resulting in
inmates who may [have been] eligible candidates for release
not being considered." Id., at 11.
Of particular issue was the BOP's exceedingly narrow in-
terpretation of the statutory phrase "extraordinary and
compelling," which its Central Office staff had interpreted
as referring only to "terminally ill medical conditions with
a life expectancy of 1 year or less or those who are incapac-
itated and unable to perform their daily activities -- criteria
that [were] found nowhere in the relevant statute." Id., at
13. And though BOP regulations technically "permit[ted]
non-medical circumstances to be considered as a basis for
compassionate release," the agency "routinely reject[ed]
such requests." Id., at ii.
Congress took notice. In 2017, a bipartisan group of Sen-
ators wrote to the Department of Justice and expressed
"dee[p] concer[n] that BOP [was] not fulfilling its role in the
compassionate release process." Letter from 12 U. S. Sena-
tors to J. Rod Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General, & Dr.
T. Kane, Acting BOP Director 3 (Aug. 3, 2017) (Letter from
12 U. S. Senators). Several of those Senators worked to-
gether later that year to introduce a "bipartisan sentencing
and prison reform bill" known as the First Step Act, which
passed the following year. 164 Cong. Rec. S7645 (Dec. 17,
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

2017) (statement of Sen. Durbin); see 132 Stat. 5194. In a
section entitled "Increasing the Use and Transparency of
Compassionate Release," the Act amended the compassion-
ate-release provision to allow prisoners to file their own mo-
tions for sentence reductions, without approval from the
BOP., 132 Stat. 5239.
This historical account can be summarized succinctly.
Congress crafted (1)(A) to operate as a safety valve
that would ameliorate the harshness of the new determi-
nate scheme for sentencing. S. Rep. No. 98 -- 225, at 121. It
was not linked to, or limited by, the existence of habeas re-
view in any respect. And that made perfect sense given the
specific role Congress envisioned for compassionate release:
allowing a discretionary sentence modification for a pris-
oner who presents "extraordinary and compelling" grounds
for mercy.
II
A
The majority nevertheless insists on categorically exclud-
ing one potential ground for compassionate release -- any
consideration that supposedly "attacks the validity of [a]
conviction" or sentence. Ante, at 1. One glaring flaw with
this analysis is the majority's failure to clearly establish
when this forbidden circumstance arises; that is, what, ex-
actly, does it mean for a prisoner to collaterally attack his
conviction in the context of a compassionate-release mo-
tion? It is not hard to see how one man's collateral attack
is another man's compelling bid for compassion.
Consider, for example, an actually innocent defendant -- 
let's call him Paul. Paul is serving a life sentence and, for
reasons beyond his control, failed to discover indisputably
exonerating evidence during his trial. But Paul cannot
point to any way in which his conviction or sentence violates
the Constitution or some other provision of the U. S. Code.
He does not allege, for instance, that his counsel was
10 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., dissenting

ineffective or that the prosecution withheld exculpatory ev-
idence. Habeas thus provides no avenue for relief. See 28
U. S. C. (authorizing relief for a defendant whose
"sentence was imposed in violation of the Constitution or
laws of the United States").
An innocent man stuck in prison for life: Can there be a
more "extraordinary and compelling" reason to shorten a
prison sentence than that? And is there any logical reason
to believe that Congress meant to prohibit Paul from peti-
tioning the court for such relief under (1)(A)? Quite
to the contrary, this manifest injustice would seem to be the
quintessential situation in which the compassionate-re-
lease safety valve would apply. See Code Revision Hear-
ings, at 1842 -- 1843 (statement of Rep. Lungren) (expressing
concern about federal prisoners "slip[ping] through the
cracks"). But the majority's rule would forbid it, simply and
solely because exists.
Of course, this is not to say that every assertion of inno-
cence will necessarily qualify as an "extraordinary" or "com-
pelling" basis for a sentence reduction. For instance, a
claim of innocence that simply rehashes the evidence pre-
sented at trial is unlikely to suffice. The concern that Fer-
nandez is making such an unjustified innocence claim
seems to be what drives much of the majority's analysis to-
day. See ante, at 16 ("No court -- not even the District Court
that reduced his sentence -- concluded that Fernandez was
actually innocent. His evidentiary challenges were repeat-
edly rejected"); see also ante, at 2 (SOTOMAYOR, J., concur-
ring in judgment) ("Petitioner Joe Fernandez has been liti-
gating the issues at the core of his (1)(A) motion
since his trial"). But the Court overcorrects for this concern
and, in the process, adopts an atextual rule that categori-
cally forbids any consideration of potential innocence what-
soever -- no matter how extraordinary or compelling -- ei-
ther on its own or as part of a mix of other considerations.
That result certainly does not follow from the text.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Nor would allowing consideration of potential innocence
permit federal prisoners to circumvent 's limitations
on habeas relief, as the majority claims. See ante, at 7 -- 9.
That is because the habeas and compassionate-release pro-
visions operate differently. To be sure, both statutes au-
thorize the release of federal prisoners. But, where the stat-
utory prerequisites are met, relief under (1)(A) is
discretionary, whereas relief under is mandatory:
The former provides that "the court... may reduce the
term of imprisonment," while the latter states that "the
court shall vacate and set the judgment aside." (Emphasis
added.) Section 3582(c)(1)(A) thus provides no guaranteed
end-run around 's limitations on relief.
Section 3582(c)(1)(A) and also differ in the nature
of the relief that they provide. Most notably, the grant of
compassionate release -- even on actual-innocence
grounds -- does nothing to invalidate the underlying convic-
tion. A neighboring subsection explicitly clarifies that com-
passionate release does not disturb the finality of the "judg-
ment of conviction.". Not so with habeas -- when
a applicant successfully challenges the validity of his
conviction, the result is vacatur. See ("If the court
finds... that there has been such a denial or infringement
of the constitutional rights of the prisoner as to render the
judgment vulnerable to collateral attack, the court shall va-
cate and set the judgment aside" ).
Put differently, habeas nullifies a conviction as a matter
of law, while compassionate release shortens a sentence as
a matter of grace. The majority does not adequately explain
why these two forms of relief -- which operate differently,
exist for different reasons, and ultimately yield different re-
sults -- must necessarily work to the exclusion of each other.
B
Despite these crucial observations, the majority forges
ahead, insisting on grafting a habeas-based restriction onto
12 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., dissenting

the compassionate-release remedy. It gets there in two
ways: first, by overstating the significance of the BOP's role
in order to bolster the conclusion that "personal circum-
stances" are the only cognizable factors under
(1)(A); and, second, by overreading two of our prior
habeas-channeling cases -- Preiser v. Rodriguez, (1973), and Gonzalez v. Crosby, (2005).
Neither move is availing.
1
Highlighting the BOP's role in compassionate release and
the fact that prison officials can observe things like "ad-
vanced age," "safety risk," and "illness," the majority con-
tends that Congress's centering of the BOP "reflects the
statute's focus on a defendant's personal circumstances."
Ante, at 11. But the majority cannot deny that Congress
amended (1)(A) due to its concern that the BOP
was mismanaging compassionate-release motions. See su-
pra, at 8 -- 9. The majority's reliance on the BOP's "institu-
tional expertise," ante, at 12, to interpret a statutory
amendment aimed at reducing the BOP's involvement is, at
best, counterintuitive.
Recall that Congress amended the compassionate-release
provision as part of the First Step Act -- legislation that was
broadly aimed at providing district courts with discretion to
alleviate what many had come to believe were unduly harsh
criminal sentences. See Concepcion v. United States, (2022). Pointing back to the original, pre-
First Step Act scope of (1)(A) does not account for
Congress's subsequent conclusion that BOP was applying
the compassionate-release provision too narrowly. And
when it invited district courts to consider (1)(A) mo-
tions filed directly by defendants, Congress did not say, or
even suggest, that a sentence reduction under this provi-
sion is only available based on the kinds of factors BOP
might raise.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Fernandez's concession that the First Step Act "did not
change the substantive standard applicable to"
(1)(A), ante, at 11 -- 12,
is not to the contrary. That observation merely states the
obvious: that the meaning of "extraordinary and compelling
reasons" has always been expansive, leading Congress to
conclude that the BOP had been misinterpreting "extraor-
dinary and compelling" all along. See Letter from 12 U. S.
Senators 3 (expressing "dee[p] concer[n]" about the BOP's
underutilization of compassionate release);, 132
Stat. 5239 (titling the First Step Act's amendment to
(1)(A) "Increasing the Use and Transparency of
Compassionate Release"). Fernandez seeks to redeem the
statute's meaning, not to change it.
The majority also tells only half the story when it declares
that, "[f]or decades, the Sentencing Commission has tied
the availability of compassionate release to a defendant's
personal circumstances." Ante, at 12. To be sure, the
agency has always identified certain personal characteris-
tics (such as " 'a serious physical or medical condition' ").
But it has also included a catchall category for any circum-
stances determined to be " 'extraordinary and compelling.' "
United States Sentencing Commission, Guidelines Manual
Supp. to App. C, Amdt. 683 (Nov. 2008) (USSG) (effective
Nov. 2006); id., Amdt. 698 (effective Nov. 2007); USSG
Supp. to App. C, Amdt. 799 (Nov. 2016); see USSG.13(b)(5) (Nov. 2025) (providing that "any other cir-
cumstance or combination of circumstances that... are
similar in gravity" to the specifically enumerated ones may
constitute "extraordinary and compelling" reasons for a
sentence reduction ).
The takeaway from all this is not, as the majority sug-
gests, that compassionate release has always been under-
stood to be limited to certain kinds of factors (i.e., personal
circumstances). See ante, at 11 -- 12. Rather, the statutory
and regulatory history establishes that (1)(A)
14 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., dissenting

provides for flexibility and, with one exception, imposes no
substantive categorical restrictions on what may constitute
a basis for compassionate release. See (1)(A); see
also (noting that "[r]ehabilitation" is not on its own
a statutorily recognized reason for compassionate release).
That view tracks with the language of (1)(A) -- 
which vests district courts with broad discretion to deter-
mine whether "extraordinary and compelling reasons" jus-
tify a sentence reduction -- as well as the unmistakable
safety-valve aims of the statute.
2
The majority's reliance on the habeas-channeling analy-
sis in Preiser and Gonzalez is equally misplaced.
Start with Preiser. In that case, we considered a 42
U. S. C. claim brought by state prisoners who as-
serted the unconstitutional deprivation of "good-conduct-
time credits" that would have shortened their sentences.
411 U. S., at 476. The prisoners sought "injunctive relief to
compel restoration of the credits, which in each case would
result in their immediate release from confinement." Ibid.
We held that the state prisoners could not seek such an in-
junction under and instead had to proceed under 28
U. S. C., the habeas statute for state prisoners. Id.,
at 490, 500. In so holding, we explained that is a
"general" statute that broadly guarantees equitable and le-
gal remedies for the deprivation of any federal right. Id., at
489. Its breadth causes it to bump up against, which
is "specific" in that it was "explicitly and historically de-
signed to provide the means for a state prisoner to attack
the validity of his confinement" and only after the "exhaus-
tion of adequate state remedies." Ibid. We feared that priv-
ileging the general would cause it to drown the specific. We
thus reasoned that Congress's "specific determination" that
"habeas corpus is the appropriate remedy for state prison-
ers attacking the validity of the fact or length of their
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

confinement" must "override the general terms of."
Id., at 490.
Unlike, (1)(A) is not a "general" statute
that protects all rights and provides for all sorts of civil rem-
edies. Instead, it creates a specific mechanism for granting
a sentence reduction in the criminal context. Preiser's rea-
soning is therefore inapposite, as it would be odd to con-
clude that Congress intended a statute specifically author-
izing release from prison to impliedly limit another statute
that authorizes the same. The better inference is that Con-
gress meant for these two statutes to exist side by side and
not to the exclusion of one another.2
Gonzalez is equally inapposite. There, we held that pris-
oners cannot use motions for "relief from a final judgment"
under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 60(b) to circumvent
the statutory limitations on second-or-successive habeas
applications. 545 U. S., at 528. But Rule 60(b), like,
is a general mechanism for civil relief. It allows federal
courts to "relieve a party... from a final judgment" for "any... reason that justifies relief." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc.
60(b)(6). It is a far cry from (1)(A), which, like, specifically authorizes release from prison. Just like
Preiser, then, Gonzalez's interpretation of a general civil
provision has nothing to say about (1)(A)'s specific
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Preiser also reflected basic principles that have no relevance here -- 

namely, "[t]he strong considerations of comity that require giving a state
court system that has convicted a defendant the first opportunity to cor-
rect its own errors." 411 U. S., at 492. Allowing the state prisoners in
Preiser to proceed under 42 U. S.C -- which, unlike 28 U. S. C., requires no exhaustion of state remedies -- would have resulted in
"unnecessary friction between the federal and state court systems." Id.,
at 490. But federal (not state) prisoners bring compassionate-release
motions. And those motions are usually heard by the same federal courts
that oversaw their convictions, imposed their sentences, and considered
any applications. Preiser's concern with creating friction between
two autonomous judicial systems does not arise in the compassionate-
release context.
16 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., dissenting

relief scheme and whether Congress meant for it to be can-
celled out by an implicit habeas-review bar.
Instead of acknowledging the poor fit of Preiser and Gon-
zalez, the majority doubles down, insisting that these cases
stand for "an anticircumvention principle." Ante, at 8,.
That might well be a common thread. But the majority does
not explain why the anticircumvention principle applies to
(1)(A) -- a statute that, unlike or Rule 60(b),
specifically authorizes the release of prisoners under given
circumstances. For the anticircumvention principle to be
apposite, one (specific) statutory directive must be poten-
tially undercut by another (broader) provision. But that
does not happen here: Both and (1)(A) estab-
lish specific circumstances under which the release of a
prisoner is authorized. So the circumvention concern is not
implicated on these facts.
Put differently, the majority assumes that compassionate
release operates as an end-run around habeas restrictions.
But there is nothing in either statute that corroborates the
majority's intuition that habeas restrictions take primacy
over the "extraordinary and compelling reasons" justifying
compassionate release.
C
Perhaps even more troubling than the lack of support for
today's holding is the uncertainty this case will create mov-
ing forward. That uncertainty results, in part, from the ma-
jority's backwards reasoning: It starts with the premise
that Fernandez is functionally attempting to use
(1)(A) to attack his conviction collaterally and, from
there, concludes that must prevent this sort of end-
run around the strict process for habeas relief. But that
reasoning rests on the unfounded assumption that Fernan-
dez is essentially seeking to have his conviction vacated ra-
ther than his sentence shortened. Those are two completely
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

different asks. And the majority's reasoning also merely
assumes that they are incompatible.
Worse still, on its way to announcing that "[a] prisoner
who collaterally attacks the validity of his conviction must
proceed through" habeas only, the majority fails to define
with any precision what it means for a prisoner to "collat-
erally attac[k] the validity of his conviction." Ante, at 1. Its
inability to do so is understandable, since delineating the
bounds of such "collateral attacks" is notoriously difficult.
Cf. W. Baude, J. Goldsmith, J. Manning, J. Pfander, & A.
Tyler, Hart and Wechsler's The Federal Courts and the
Federal System 1687 (8th ed. 2025) (Hart & Wechsler) (dis-
cussing the difficulty of determining when, under the
Preiser line of cases, a successful action necessarily
implies "the invalidity of the plaintiff 's conviction").3
This case illustrates why the new line the majority draws
is a fuzzy one. The District Court did not question the le-
gality of the jury's verdict or Fernandez's conviction. See
2022 WL 17039059, *4 (SDNY, Nov. 17, 2022). To the con-
trary, it found that despite the lawfulness of Fernandez's
conviction, its lingering "concer[n]" as to his guilt was an
"extraordinary and compelling" reason for a sentence reduc-
tion. Ibid. A prisoner who proceeds through,

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Seeming to acknowledge the difficulty of defining a "collateral attack"

under Preiser, the majority shoos away this point by maintaining that
such problems arise only when a prisoner seeks "relief other than a re-
lease from custody." Ante, at 16,. But context matters; before today,
this Court had not applied the Preiser line of cases to a statute that spe-
cifically authorizes release from custody. Now that the majority has ex-
tended Preiser to such a statute, hard questions are sure to follow, in-
cluding one of the questions at the core of this case: Why should Preiser's
logic apply to a prisoner who seeks compassionate release on a basis that
is not cognizable in habeas? Cf. Hart & Wechsler 1689 (questioning
whether a state prisoner who brings a constitutional claim under 
can escape Preiser and its progeny "by arguing that a victory in a 
action will not invalidate the prior conviction precisely because no court
has jurisdiction" to entertain his claim under ).
18 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., dissenting

however, must show that his sentence was unlawful -- spe-
cifically, that it was "imposed in violation of the Constitu-
tion or laws of the United States.". That is some-
thing Fernandez cannot definitively do, given this Court's
expressed doubts about whether "a freestanding claim of
actual innocence" suffices to establish the unlawfulness of
a sentence. McQuiggin v. Perkins, 
(2013).
So, how, exactly, does the District Court's "extraordinary
and compelling" finding qualify as a collateral attack on
Fernandez's conviction for purposes, as the majority
maintains? See ante, at 14. The District Court did not find,
for instance, that Fernandez should be released from prison
because his sentence or conviction was unconstitutional or
otherwise unlawful. Rather, the District Court considered
whether Fernandez might actually be innocent -- something
we have never recognized as a potential ground for habeas
relief. See McQuiggen, 569 U. S., at 392. It is hard to see
why this consideration actually creates the end-run around
habeas the majority fears.4
One could easily imagine similar difficulties arising in
other cases. Consider, for instance, a federal prisoner who
files a motion arguing that his conviction and sen-
tence are unconstitutional because a chronic mental illness
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 In response, the majority offers only the ipse dixit that "[t]here is an

obvious distinction between a prisoner who asserts that he should not
have been convicted in the first place and one who asserts that his pre-
sent circumstances warrant an exercise of compassion." Ante, at 15,.
With the right framing, this "obvious" distinction falls apart: What about
the prisoner who seeks compassion for the present circumstance of being
incarcerated for a crime he did not commit? In any event, Fernandez is
not arguing (and the District Court did not conclude) that he never
should have been convicted. See 2022 WL 17039059, *4 (SDNY, Nov. 17,
2022) (observing that "jury verdicts, despite being legal, also may be un-
just" and citing this observation as "the basis of [its] finding that... Fer-
nandez ha[d] shown extraordinary and compelling circumstances for his
release").
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

JACKSON, J., dissenting

rendered him incompetent to plead guilty or stand trial. In
resolving the motion, the district court might reject
as unreliable the evidence supporting the severity of the
prisoner's condition. See, e.g., Cohn v. United States, 2023
WL 4670839, *13 (NDNY, July 10, 2023) (rejecting 
motion on these grounds). Under the majority's rule, would
that prisoner be precluded from citing his mental condition
in a subsequent (1)(A) motion? Maybe. But that
would certainly be an odd result, given the majority's sug-
gestion that chronic illnesses are "heartland 'extraordinary
and compelling reasons' that might warrant an early re-
lease from prison." Ante, at 13.
Thus, the line between a proper compassionate-release
claim and a proper habeas claim could be difficult to draw
moving forward. The majority ignores this problem rather
than taking it as a clue that the habeas-based limitation it
favors is an ill fit for the distinct compassionate-release
evaluation.
III
For the reasons I have given, I think the majority is
wrong to hold, as a categorical matter, that conviction-re-
lated concerns a prisoner may raise under can never
be grounds for granting a motion under (1)(A). In
my view, all facts and circumstances are eligible to be con-
sidered as grounds for granting a compassionate-release
motion. Other than the rehabilitation restriction, see 28
U. S. C., the only statutory limit on the District
Court's discretion is one of degree. So, if the proffered facts
and circumstances (of whatever type) provide an "extraor-
dinary and compelling reason" to reduce the prisoner's sen-
tence (alone or in combination), the District Court may
grant compassionate release.
I do not take a position as to whether Fernandez's case
meets that threshold. The District Court thought so -- it
laid out the evidentiary gaps that caused it to have serious
20 FERNANDEZ v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., dissenting

doubts about whether Fernandez was involved in the un-
derlying crime at all. See 2022 WL 17039059, *4.5 Also
notable, the District Court based its (1)(A) ruling
on both its "disquiet" about Fernandez's potential innocence
and the significant disparity between Fernandez's sentence
and his codefendants' sentences. Ibid. But due to the cat-
egorical rule the Second Circuit employed, that court did
not address whether the District Court erred in concluding
that (1)(A)'s "extraordinary and compelling rea-
sons" threshold was satisfied on these facts. See 104 F. 4th
420, 429 -- 433 (2024). I would vacate the judgment below
and remand for the Second Circuit to make that assessment
in the first instance.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 In a nutshell, the District Court expressed concern that Patrick

Darge -- Fernandez's codefendant and the primary witness against him -- 
falsely implicated Fernandez as his "back-up" shooter. See 2022 WL
17039059, *4. The District Court emphasized that Darge fled to the Do-
minican Republic with his brother immediately after the shooting, while
Fernandez remained in the United States, living with his family and ac-
cruing no criminal record. Ibid. This suggested to the District Court
that Darge may have lied to protect his brother (perhaps the true "back-
up") and to secure a deal for himself. Ibid. The District Court observed
several facts supporting this conclusion, including that Darge had lied to
the Government about the shooting previously and that his testimony
was inconsistent with the ballistics evidence. Ibid.
6 Recognizing the lack of textual support for the majority's habeas-

based rule, two Justices would affirm the Second Circuit's ruling on a
different ground. In their view, "[a] motion for compassionate release
cannot justify a reduced sentence if it relies solely on facts a court already
considered in imposing the initial sentence, rather than any changed cir-
cumstances that developed after sentencing." Ante, at 1 -- 2 (SOTOMAYOR,
J., concurring in judgment). It is perhaps true that, in many (if not most)
cases, a compassionate-release motion rehashing old arguments and ev-
idence will not satisfy the "extraordinary and compelling" standard. But
I see no basis in (1)(A) for categorically barring relief in all cases
where the defendant fails to identify changed circumstances. See Part
I -- A, supra (explaining that the words "extraordinary and compelling"
speak to degree, not type).
In any event, the Second Circuit did not rely on any such changed-
circumstances rule in reversing the District Court's grant of
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

JACKSON, J., dissenting

* * *
The Court's holding in this case reflects an unfortunate
misunderstanding of the safety-valve mechanism Congress
created in 1984 and broadened in 2018. Congress designed
compassionate release as a tool for preserving a modicum
of mercy in an otherwise harsh sentencing system. And
nothing about the text or history of the compassionate-re-
lease provision suggests that Congress meant for this dis-
cretionary second-look opportunity to be cabined in the way
the majority suggests. In other words, Congress gave pris-
oners an equitable "out" for the extraordinary and compel-
ling circumstance in which they might otherwise be stuck
serving an unjust sentence. Ironically, then, the escape
hatch the majority decries is actually (1)(A)'s core
mission.
Deploying its own concerns about habeas end-runs, the
majority misses all this; it now drastically limits the avail-
ability of the compassionate-release tool Congress crafted.
And it does so without adequately identifying any true con-
flict with. The majority's atextual and unsupported
limitation on a district court's sentencing discretion is an
unnecessary rewriting of the statute Congress wrote and an
unwarranted revision of the compassionate-release scheme
Congress intended to establish.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
compassionate release, nor did the parties address it in their briefing.
As such, even if the changed-circumstances rule were correct, the proper
course would be to vacate the decision below for the Second Circuit to
apply the rule in the first instance. See Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005) ("[W]e are a court of review, not of first view").

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
A prison sentence, once imposed, usually cannot be mod-
ified by the district court. 18 U. S. C.. But Con-
gress has established several narrow exceptions to this
rule. One exception -- commonly referred to as "compas-
sionate release" -- permits the court to reduce a term of im-
prisonment if it finds, among other things, that "extraordi-
nary and compelling reasons warrant such a reduction."
(1)(A)(i). We consider whether the sentencing dis-
parity created by Congress's nonretroactive change to
's mandatory penalties can serve as an "extraordi-
nary and compelling reaso[n]" that "warrant[s]" a reduc-
tion. (1)(A)(i). We hold that it cannot.
2 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

I
A
Daniel Rutherford, petitioner in one of these consolidated
cases, committed two separate robberies at gunpoint in
2003. A jury convicted him of several crimes, including two
counts of using and carrying a firearm during a crime of
violence, in violation of. At the time, a defendant
convicted of two counts was subject to a mandatory
25-year sentence of imprisonment for the second offense
that would be "stacked" upon -- that is, run consecutively
to -- the first offense's mandatory penalty (which, for Ruth-
erford, was 7 years). See Deal v. United States, -- 137 (1993). Rutherford's two counts thus
earned him a 32-year minimum sentence, resulting in a to-
tal sentence of over 42 years of imprisonment.
Johnnie Carter, petitioner in the other case, received an
even longer mandatory minimum under. In 2007,
Carter participated in a string of armed bank robberies.
Among other offenses, he was convicted of three 
counts. Carter was sentenced to 70 years of imprison-
ment -- 57 of which came from his stacked convic-
tions.
Years after Rutherford and Carter were each sentenced,
Congress passed the First Step Act of 2018, 132 Stat. 5194,
"a landmark piece of legislation that changed the federal
criminal-sentencing system in numerous respects," Hewitt
v. United States, (2025). Among the
changes was the elimination of 's 25-year stacking
requirement for first-time offenders: A 25-year consecutive
sentence is now required only for a " 'violation... that oc-
curs after a prior conviction under this subsection has be-
come final.' ", 132 Stat. 5222. This change would
have made a significant difference for both Rutherford and
Carter. Had either been sentenced today, his mandatory
minimum under would have been much shorter: 14
years for Rutherford and 21 years for Carter.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

Obviously, Rutherford and Carter -- not to mention the
many other similarly situated prisoners -- would like the
benefit of the Act's amendment to. As a rule, how-
ever, changes to sentencing statutes apply only to offenses
committed after the statute's effective date. See Hewitt,
606 U. S., at 424. The Act departs from this rule in a very
limited respect: Its more lenient penalties apply to offenses
committed before the statute's enactment "if a sentence for
the offense has not been imposed as of such date of enact-
ment.", 132 Stat. 5222. But for defendants sen-
tenced before the Act, the general rule of nonretroactivity
remains in place. See Hewitt, 606 U. S., at 427.
Rutherford and Carter acknowledge that they do not
qualify for the reduced penalties. Nonetheless, each has in-
voked the Act as a ground for compassionate release under
(1)(A)(i).
B
At this point, some background on the compassionate re-
lease provision is helpful. This provision, which was part
of the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, allows a district court
to reduce a prison term "after considering the factors set
forth in section 3553(a) to the extent that they are applica-
ble" if the court finds that "extraordinary and compelling
reasons warrant such a reduction" and that "such a reduc-
tion is consistent with applicable policy statements issued
by the Sentencing Commission." 18 U. S. C. (1)(A).
Congress did not specify what "extraordinary and compel-
ling" reasons might warrant compassionate release. It did,
however, authorize the Commission to promulgate policy
statements that "describe what should be considered ex-
traordinary and compelling reasons for sentence reduction,
including the criteria to be applied and a list of specific ex-
amples." 28 U. S. C.. The Commission first issued
an applicable policy statement in 2006 and amended it the
following year to identify several " 'extraordinary and
4 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

compelling' " reasons for compassionate release: " 'terminal
illness' "; " 'permanent physical or medical condition' "; " 'de-
teriorating physical or mental health because of the aging
process' "; " 'death or incapacitation of the defendant's only
family member capable of caring for the defendant's minor
child or minor children' "; and a catchall category for
" 'other' " reasons not specifically enumerated, " '[a]s deter-
mined by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons.' " United
States Sentencing Commission, Guidelines Manual Supp.
to App. C, Amdt. 698 (Nov. 2011) (USSG). In 2016, the
Commission streamlined the statement to recognize four
categories of reasons: " 'Medical Condition of the Defend-
ant,' " " 'Age of the Defendant,' " " 'Family Circumstances,' "
and " 'Other Reasons.' " Id., Amdt. 799.
When Congress passed the First Step Act in 2018, it
amended the compassionate release provision. While it left
the "extraordinary and compelling" standard untouched, it
opened a new procedural route for seeking a reduction.
Originally, only the Bureau of Prisons could ask a district
court to reduce a prisoner's sentence. The Act gives the
prisoner greater agency: He may request that the Bureau
file a motion on his behalf, and, if it declines or fails to do
so within 30 days, he may file a motion himself. 18 U. S. C.
(1)(A). The Act also obligates the Bureau to take
certain steps when a prisoner is diagnosed with a terminal
illness or is mentally or physically unable to file his own
motion. (2)(A) -- (B). For example, the Bureau
must inform "the defendant's attorney, partner, and family
members" about the defendant's condition and that they
can file a sentence-reduction request on his behalf. Ibid.
The Commission lost a quorum shortly after the Act went
into effect and did not update its policy statement to ad-
dress these changes. Most Circuits held that the existing
statement -- which mentioned only motions filed by the Bu-
reau -- did not apply to motions filed by prisoners. See
United States v. Andrews, 12 F. 4th 255, 259 (CA3 2021)
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

(collecting cases); but see United States v. Bryant, 996 F. 3d
1243, 1247 -- 1248 (CA11 2021) (applying the policy state-
ment). So for this new class of motions, most courts inter-
preted the statute without input from the Commission.
They were soon forced into uncharted territory. Relevant
here, courts faced a surge of motions from prisoners who
invoked the Act's nonretroactive sentencing amendments
as grounds for compassionate release. Most Courts of Ap-
peals held that a nonretroactive amendment to a manda-
tory minimum cannot serve as an "extraordinary and com-
pelling" reason for a reduced sentence.1 A minority,
however, concluded that the disparity produced by such an
amendment can justify a reduced sentence -- at least when
considered in combination with other factors.2
The Commission eventually regained a quorum, entered
the fray, and sided with the minority. In 2023, it amended
its policy statement to add a new category to the list of "ex-
traordinary and compelling" reasons: "Unusually Long Sen-
tence."3 See USSG App. C, Amdt. 814. Under this category:
" 'If a defendant received an unusually long sentence
and has served at least 10 years of the term of impris-
onment, a change in the law (other than an amendment
to the Guidelines Manual that has not been made ret-
roactive) may be considered in determining whether
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See Andrews, 12 F. 4th, at 260 -- 262; United States v. McMaryion,

2023 WL 4118015, *2 (CA5, June 22, 2023); United States v. Jarvis, 999
F. 3d 442, 443 -- 444 (CA6 2021); United States v. Thacker, 4 F. 4th 569,
573 -- 575 (CA7 2021); United States v. Crandall, 25 F. 4th 582, 583 (CA8
2022); United States v. Jenkins, 50 F. 4th 1185, 1197 -- 1200 (CADC 2022).
2 See United States v. Ruvalcaba, 26 F. 4th 14, 24 -- 28 (CA1 2022);

United States v. McCoy, 981 F. 3d 271, 284 -- 288 (CA4 2020); United
States v. Chen, 48 F. 4th 1092, 1094 -- 1101 (CA9 2022); United States v.
McGee, 992 F. 3d 1035, 1045 -- 1048 (CA10 2021).
3 In addition, the Commission added the fact that a prisoner was a vic-

tim of abuse while in custody as an "extraordinary and compelling" rea-
son. See USSG App. C, Amdt. 814 (Nov. 2023). This change is not at
issue in today's cases.
6 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the defendant presents an extraordinary and compel-
ling reason, but only where such change would produce
a gross disparity between the sentence being served
and the sentence likely to be imposed at the time the
motion is filed, and after full consideration of the de-
fendant's individualized circumstances.' " Ibid.
Three Commissioners voted against the amendment and
accused the Commission of making "a seismic structural
change to our criminal justice system without congressional
authorization or directive." United States Sentencing Com-
mission, Public Meeting Tr. 60 (Apr. 5, 2023).
C
Back to the cases at hand. After the First Step Act be-
came effective, Rutherford moved for compassionate re-
lease. He argued that "extraordinary and compelling" rea-
sons warrant a reduction because he had received an
"unusually long sentence under a statutory provision that
Congress has since found too punitive but has not made ret-
roactively applicable." 2 App. in No. 23 -- 1904 (CA3), p. 58.
In addition, he noted that he suffered from obesity and hy-
pertension, which rendered him more vulnerable to the
COVID -- 19 virus.
While Rutherford's motion was pending, the Third Cir-
cuit held that the nonretroactive change to cannot
serve as an "extraordinary and compelling" reason for com-
passionate release. See Andrews, 12 F. 4th, at 260 -- 262.
The District Court then denied Rutherford's motion, and
Rutherford appealed that ruling to the Third Circuit. While
his appeal was pending, the Commission amended its policy
statement, and Rutherford asked the Court of Appeals to
consider the effect of this statement in the first instance.
The Third Circuit affirmed the District Court's denial of
Rutherford's motion. See 120 F. 4th 360, 363 (2024). The
court acknowledged that Congress had authorized the Com-
mission to issue a policy statement fleshing out the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

meaning of " 'extraordinary and compelling' " reasons under
(1)(A)(i). Id., at 375. But that statement, the court
said, cannot "go beyond what Congress intended." Id., at
376. And as the Third Circuit had already explained in An-
drews, it makes no sense to " 'construe Congress's nonretro-
activity directive as simultaneously creating an extraordi-
nary and compelling reason for early release.' " 120 F. 4th,
at 376. Because the
Commission's amended policy statement "conflicts with the
will of Congress," the court held, it "cannot be considered in
determining a prisoner's eligibility for compassionate re-
lease." 120 F. 4th, at 376.
Carter's case is similar. After the Commission amended
its policy statement, he moved for a reduction under
(1)(A)(i), arguing that his sentence is "unusually
long" and that the Act created a " 'gross disparity' " between
his original sentence and the one he would receive under
the amended. 2 App. in No. 24 -- 1115 (CA3),
pp. 206 -- 207. He also pointed to his strong family ties, re-
habilitation, and good conduct while incarcerated as addi-
tional reasons for a reduction. Bound by Andrews, the Dis-
trict Court denied Carter's motion, and Carter appealed.
While the appeal was pending, the Third Circuit decided
Rutherford's case. Shortly thereafter, it summarily af-
firmed the denial of Carter's motion. See 2024 WL 5339852,
*1 (Dec. 2, 2024).
The Circuits remain divided over whether the disparity
created by a nonretroactive change to sentencing law, like
the Act, can constitute an "extraordinary and compelling
reaso[n]" that "warrant[s]" compassionate release.4 18
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Most Courts of Appeals that previously answered this question in the

negative have determined that they are not bound by the Sentencing
Commission's contrary amendment to its policy statement. See 120
F. 4th 360, 378 -- 380 (CA3 2024) (case below); United States v. Austin, 125
F. 4th 688, 692 (CA5 2025); United States v. Bricker, 135 F. 4th 427, 435
8 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

U. S. C. (1)(A)(i). We granted certiorari in these
consolidated cases to resolve the split. 
(2025).
II
Petitioners argue that the Third Circuit's decisions de-
part from the plain text of (1)(A)(i) and ignore bind-
ing guidance from the Sentencing Commission. We disa-
gree. When Congress declines to make a sentencing
amendment retroactive, the fact that a preamendment sen-
tence is longer than it would have been postamendment is
not an "extraordinary and compelling reaso[n]" that "war-
rant[s]" a sentence reduction. 18 U. S. C. (1)(A)(i).
Insofar as the Commission's amended policy statement
maintains otherwise, it conflicts with the statute.
A
The compassionate release provision empowers a district
court to "reduce the term of imprisonment" if it finds,
among other things, that "extraordinary and compelling
reasons warrant such a reduction." Ibid. The term "ex-
traordinary" means "most unusual," "far from common," or
"having little or no precedent." Webster's Third New Inter-
national Dictionary 807 (1976); see 5 Oxford English Dic-
tionary 614 (2d ed. 1989) ("[o]ut of the usual or regular
course or order"). "Compelling," meanwhile, means "tend-
ing to convince or convert by or as if by forcefulness of evi-
dence." Webster's Third New International Dictionary, at
463; see 3 Oxford English Dictionary, at 600 ("irresistible;
demanding attention, respect"). Putting these definitions
together, "extraordinary and compelling" reasons for

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
(CA6 2025); United States v. Black, 131 F. 4th 542, 545 -- 546 (CA7 2025);
United States v. Johnson, 2025 WL 1949738, *2 (CA8, July 16, 2025).
But see United States v. Wilson, 77 F. 4th 837, 841 -- 842 (CADC 2023)
(reserving this question because the amendment had not yet gone into
effect).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

compassionate release are those that are especially unusual
and convincing.
The disparity created by Congress's amendment to
does not satisfy this definition. Far from "extraor-
dinary," nonretroactive amendments to criminal penalties
are the norm. "Ordinarily," we have explained, "statutory
changes to federal penalties only benefit future offenders."
Hewitt, 606 U. S., at 424; see 1 U. S. C.. Congress
sometimes deviates from the default, as it did in the Act, by
extending the revised penalties to defendants not yet sen-
tenced. Even then, some measure of prospectivity is par for
the course: The "ordinary practice" is to "withhol[d] that
change from defendants already sentenced." Dorsey v.
United States, (2012). And regardless of
whether the line is drawn at the offense or the sentence, a
nonretroactive penalty change necessarily creates a dispar-
ity between those who receive the benefit and those who do
not. See ibid. ("[D]isparities... reflec[t] a line-drawing ef-
fort" and "will exist whenever Congress enacts a new law
changing sentences"). Such a disparity is an unexceptional
feature of a system in which nonretroactivity is the default.
As for "compelling": It is hard to see how Congress's de-
liberate decision not to extend newly reduced penalties to
those already sentenced could be a convincing reason that
"warrant[s]" a reduction. 18 U. S. C. (1)(A)(i). As
we have explained, Congress decided to apply the lower
prison sentences to some violators of -- those for
whom a sentence had not yet been imposed -- but not others., 132 Stat. 5222. In doing so, Congress "reinforced
its interest in finality and avoided burdening district courts
with additional litigation." Hewitt, 606 U. S., at 437 -- 438
(plurality opinion). Treating the disparity resulting from
's amendment as a compelling reason for reducing a
sentence would undermine Congress's choice to leave the
sentence intact.
10 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

It would also fall well outside the heartland of compas-
sionate release, which has long been defined by a prisoner's
personal circumstances. After Congress enacted
(1)(A)(i), the Bureau of Prisons explained that the
standards for compassionate release mirrored those of a
prior sentence-reduction statute and that "[r]eleases have
been most often applied in cases where the inmate is termi-
nally ill." 59 Fed. Reg. 1238 (1994); see 28 CFR.40(a)
(1984) (providing that the Bureau would move for a sen-
tence reduction under 18 U. S. C. (1982 ed.) "in
particularly meritorious or unusual circumstances," such
as "if there is an extraordinary change in an inmate's per-
sonal or family situation or if an inmate becomes severely
ill"). The Act's heightened procedural requirements are
similarly tied to personal circumstances: The Bureau must
provide extra assistance to a movant diagnosed with a ter-
minal illness or who is physically or mentally unable to sub-
mit a request on his own. (2) (2018 ed.). And from
2007 until 2023, the Sentencing Commission highlighted
essentially three grounds for compassionate release:
(1) medical condition, (2) age, and (3) family circum-
stances.5 See USSG.13, comment., (Nov. 2021).
We need not decide whether there are reasons beyond
personal circumstances that could qualify as "extraordinary
and compelling." Until very recently, no one thought that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The Commission also recognized that "[o]ther [r]easons" could qual-

ify, "[a]s determined by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons." USSG.13, comment.,. The Bureau is responsible for the housing and
care of prisoners, 18 U. S. C., so it is well positioned to identify
"other reasons" based on a prisoner's personal circumstances. By con-
trast, it plays no role in the sentencing process and lacks expertise in
that area. See Fernandez v. United States, ___ (2026).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

nonretroactive sentencing amendments were among them.6
They are not.
B
Petitioners, echoed by the dissent, insist that our reading
artificially limits the text. The terms "extraordinary and
compelling," they say, are " 'comprehensive and flexible,' "
requiring a " 'case-by-case' inquiry into the 'totality of the
circumstances.' " Brief for Petitioner Rutherford 15, 17; see
Brief for Petitioner Carter 41. And under this " 'flexible, all-
things-considered approach,' " a judge may consider the dis-
parity resulting from Congress's amendment to.
Brief for Petitioner Rutherford 17; see post, at 7 -- 8 (opinion
of SOTOMAYOR, J.).
While the terms "extraordinary" and "compelling" leave
room for judgment, they are not so flexible as to encompass
any consideration. Their meaning depends on context: A
reason is "extraordinary" and "compelling" only if it is suf-
ficiently unusual and convincing to "warrant" compassion-
ate release. 18 U. S. C. (1)(A)(i); see Fernandez v.
United States, ___, and (2026) (, and ). As we have explained, the disparity resulting
from Congress's amendment to tracks ordinary sen-
tencing practice and reflects Congress's deliberate choice to
extend relief to some prisoners and not others. Thus, the
disparity is neither an "extraordinary" nor a "compelling"
reason that warrants a reduction in sentence.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Petitioners argue otherwise, but the cases they cite do not involve

nonretroactive sentencing amendments. See United States v. Diaco, 457
F. Supp. 371, 372 (NJ 1978) (reducing a prisoner's sentence under 18
U. S. C. (1982 ed.) after his codefendants received significantly
lower sentences); Setser v. United States, -- 243 (2012)
(suggesting that a district court could use (1)(A) (2018 ed.) to ad-
dress the unfairness resulting from state-court developments that pro-
duce an unusually long sentence). We need not decide whether compas-
sionate release is available for these kinds of postjudgment
developments.
12 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Both petitioners and the dissent note that when Congress
empowered the Sentencing Commission to describe the
grounds for compassionate release, it included only one ex-
press limitation: "Rehabilitation of the defendant alone
shall not be considered an extraordinary and compelling
reason." 28 U. S. C.. By ruling out just one reason,
they argue, Congress impliedly authorized the district court
to consider all other relevant information. Post, at 11 -- 12.
This argument fares no better. We have repeatedly em-
phasized that " '[t]he force of any negative implication...
depends on context.' " NLRB v. SW General, Inc., (2017) ); see also A. Scalia & B. Garner,
Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts 107 -- 111
(2012). A speaker's choice to rule out one item does not al-
ways mean that the rest of the universe is on the table. Im-
agine that a dietitian cautions her patient, "Pasta alone is
not an acceptable dinner." Though the patient might fer-
vently wish otherwise, this advice does not license any meal
besides standalone pasta. (Fried chicken with a side of fun-
nel cakes? A bowl of Lucky Charms?) Instead, the dietitian
surely had some reason -- like the patient's past eating hab-
its -- to caution against this specific choice.
So too with. By addressing rehabilitation, Con-
gress did not impliedly bless all other considerations. In-
stead, it had a particular reason -- namely, past sentencing
practice -- to single out this factor. Before the Sentencing
Reform Act, "[b]oth indeterminate sentencing and parole
were based on concepts of the offender's possible, indeed
probable, rehabilitation, a view that it was realistic to at-
tempt to rehabilitate the inmate and thereby to minimize
the risk that he would resume criminal activity upon his
return to society." Mistretta v. United States, (1989). Guided by this aim, the judge and parole officer
each made decisions based on "their own assessments of the
offender's amenability to rehabilitation." Ibid. When the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

Sentencing Reform Act eliminated parole and instituted a
new sentencing regime, it "reject[ed] imprisonment as a
means of promoting rehabilitation." Id., at 367; see 18
U. S. C. ("[I]mprisonment is not an appropriate
means of promoting correction and rehabilitation"). Ruling
out "rehabilitation alone" as a basis for compassionate re-
lease therefore underscores the break from the old system.
It suggests nothing about what other reasons might qualify
as "extraordinary and compelling."
And in petitioners' telling, the list is long. They empha-
size that when imposing or modifying a sentence, a district
court ordinarily enjoys "broad discretion to consider all rel-
evant information" unless prohibited by the Constitution or
by Congress. Concepcion v. United States, (2022); see 18 U. S. C. ("No limitation shall be
placed on the information concerning the background, char-
acter, and conduct of a person... which a court... may
receive and consider for the purpose of imposing an appro-
priate sentence"). Section 3582(c)(1)(A) expressly recog-
nizes that discretion, they argue, by providing that a court
may grant relief "after considering the factors set forth in
section 3553(a) to the extent that they are applicable."
Those factors include "the kinds of sentences available,"
"the kinds of sentence and the sentencing range established
for... the applicable category of offense," and "the need to
avoid unwarranted sentence disparities." (3) -- (4),
(6). A factor like the disparity caused by a nonretroactive
sentencing amendment, petitioners contend, fits right in.
See also post, at 10 -- 11, 16 -- 17.
Petitioners skip a step. Before determining the extent of
a reduction based on the factors, a court must first
ensure that a movant is part of the "limited class of prison-
ers" who are "eligibl[e]" for such a reduction. Dillon v.
United States, 827 (2010). And whether
a prisoner is eligible depends on whether he can offer "ex-
traordinary and compelling" reasons that "warrant"
14 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

compassionate release, not on the factors.
(1)(A)(i); see id., at 827. This gatekeeping require-
ment is not, as petitioners seem to believe, a free-for-all. It
is a distinct analytical step that imposes independent and
ascertainable limits on access to compassionate release.
Concepcion v. United States, is not to the
contrary. Concepcion involved sentence-modification pro-
ceedings under a different provision of the Act. See id., at
486 -- 487. All agreed that the defendant was eligible for a
reduction under that provision; the only question was what
type of information the District Court could consider in
modifying his sentence. See id., at 488 (explaining that
"[t]he Government conceded [the defendant's] eligibility for
relief "). Because that provision lacks any limiting lan-
guage, we concluded that a court could consider changes to
the Guidelines, as well as intervening facts, when calculat-
ing a new sentence under it. Id., at 500. Today's cases dif-
fer from Concepcion because they concern whether a pris-
oner is eligible for compassionate release in the first place.
And on that score, Congress has "expressly cabined district
courts' discretion," id., at 495, by prohibiting a reduction in
sentence unless a court finds that "extraordinary and com-
pelling" reasons warrant it.
Finally, petitioners downplay the conflict between the
Act and their interpretation of (1)(A)(i). True, Con-
gress chose not to reduce penalties on a categorical
basis for already sentenced defendants. But petitioners' ap-
proach is not categorical: The disparity between a pre- and
post-Act sentence would serve as just one of at least two
considerations that, taken together, warrant compassion-
ate release. And reducing a sentence based on an all-
things-considered judgment, petitioners argue, does not
contradict Congress's decision to leave a class of offenders
ineligible for a sentencing reduction. See also post, at 15 -- 
16.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

The implications of this argument are sweeping. Indeed,
its logic extends well beyond nonretroactive sentencing
amendments to disagreement with the length of any pun-
ishment on the books. Take a judge who believes that a
mandatory minimum is unduly harsh. Could she treat the
severity of the sentence as an "extraordinary and compel-
ling reason" for compassionate release? Petitioners refused
to rule out this possibility at oral argument. Tr. of Oral Arg.
11 -- 15, 44 -- 49. Yet "[i]t is the legislature, not the Court,
which is to define a crime, and ordain its punishment."
United States v. Wiltberger, 5 Wheat. 76, 95 (1820). Treat-
ing the severity of a mandatory penalty as a reason for com-
passionate release rejects Congress's judgment that the
punishment fits the crime.7 And petitioners' proposal -- in-
jecting other factors into the mix of extraordinary and com-
pelling reasons -- does not solve the problem. The Sixth Cir-
cuit put it well: "[A]dding a legally impermissible ground to
three insufficient factual considerations does not entitle a
defendant to a sentence reduction." United States v. Jarvis,
999 F. 3d 442, 444 (2021).
C
This brings us to the Sentencing Commission. Recall that
Congress authorized the Commission to promulgate policy
statements that "describe what should be considered ex-
traordinary and compelling reasons for sentence reduc-
tion," 28 U. S. C., and provided that any grant of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 The dissent tries to escape this dilemma by arguing that the severity

of a mandatory minimum is not a "relevant consideration" under. Post, at 18. But the dissent is conspicuously silent about why,
on its logic, a district court could not credit this fact as an "extraordinary
and compelling" reason why a prisoner is eligible for a reduction. If there
is no restriction on the "kind[s]" of reasons that qualify, post, at 8, then
the severity of a mandatory penalty should be fair game too. And
whether district courts will ever "routinely" rely on this consideration is
beside the point. Post, at 19. A district court is never free -- even in an
individual case -- to reject a punishment that Congress has required.
16 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

compassionate release must be consistent with the Com-
mission's policy statements, 18 U. S. C. (1)(A). Re-
call, too, that the Commission's current policy statement al-
lows consideration of nonretroactive legal changes in
certain circumstances. Petitioners contend that our inter-
pretation of the statute must yield to the policy statement.
Petitioners misunderstand the Commission's role. Con-
gress has empowered the Commission to "give meaning" to
the compassionate release provision by identifying the cir-
cumstances that constitute "extraordinary and compelling"
reasons for release. Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo,
(2024). Even so, the Commission's policy
statements must be "consistent with" the governing stat-
ute, 28 U. S. C., and courts have a duty to "inde-
pendently interpret the statute and effectuate the will of
Congress," 603 U. S., at 395. We are not bound to follow the
Commission's guidance when it "exceed[s its] statutory au-
thority" by adopting a definition of a term that is incon-
sistent with the statute. Batterton v. Francis, (1977). Put differently, the Commission's inter-
pretation must land within the statutory goalposts, no mat-
ter how wide they might be. Cf. Koons v. United States, (2018) ("[P]olicy statements cannot make a
defendant eligible when [the statute] makes him ineligi-
ble").
We need not nail down the precise boundaries of the
phrase "extraordinary and compelling" to conclude that
"with regard to the particular dispute in [this] case," the
statute's language "has a plain and unambiguous mean-
ing." Robinson v. Shell Oil Co., (1997).
The statutory text and structure make clear that Congress's
nonretroactive change to -- considered by itself or in
combination with other factors -- cannot make a prisoner el-
igible for compassionate release. To the extent that it coun-
sels otherwise, the Commission's policy statement is inva-
lid.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

* * *
Compassionate release is available only when a court
finds that "extraordinary and compelling reasons warrant"
a sentence reduction. 18 U. S. C. (1)(A)(i). The dis-
parity that results from Congress's decision to leave a sen-
tence untouched cannot serve as one of those reasons. The
judgments of the Third Circuit are affirmed.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 24 -- 820 and 24 -- 860
_________________

DANIEL RUTHERFORD, PETITIONER
24 -- 820 v.
UNITED STATES

JOHNNIE MARKEL CARTER, PETITIONER
24 -- 860 v.
UNITED STATES
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT
[May 28, 2026]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
Congress directed the United States Sentencing Commis-
sion, not this Court, to define what constitutes "extraordi-
nary and compelling reasons" for incarcerated individuals
to receive a sentence reduction under the compassionate-
release statute. In 2023, the Commission exercised its stat-
utory authority and issued a policy statement that permit-
ted district courts to consider sentencing disparities created
by changes in law. Such disparities, the Commission spec-
ified, should be considered rarely and only as part of an in-
quiry into whether the totality of the circumstances war-
rant a reduction in a person's sentence.
Properly framed, the question presented by these cases is
whether the Commission acted unreasonably when it is-
sued that guidance. It did not. The Commission's policy
statement is consistent with Congress's commands and cen-
turies of legal practice in which courts look to the totality of
the circumstances when deciding whether to modify a
2 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sentence. Because the Court concludes that the policy is
unlawful, and that courts may never consider nonretroac-
tive changes in law when deciding whether someone is eli-
gible for compassionate release, I respectfully dissent.
I
A
In 2003, when he was 25 years old, petitioner Daniel
Rutherford committed two armed robberies in which no one
was hurt and during which he took a watch and roughly
$1,300 worth of other jewelry and cash. He was convicted
of two violations of 18 U. S. C. (1). At the time, those
violations together carried a mandatory minimum sentence
of 32 years, to run consecutive to his sentence for the rob-
beries. In total, Rutherford was sentenced to 42.5 years in
prison. As two judges noted in Rutherford's direct appeal
of his conviction, that sentence "would be unthinkable in
many state systems." 236 Fed. Appx. 835, 845 (CA3 2007)
(Ambro, J., joined by McKee, J., concurring).
In 2007, petitioner Johnnie Markel Carter and others
robbed several banks and stole about $250,000. As with
Rutherford's robberies, no one fired a gun and no one was
hurt. Carter, who opted to go to trial, was convicted of three
violations of and later sentenced to a term of 70
years in prison, 57 of which were from mandatory mini-
mums for the violations. (Carter's co-conspirators,
by contrast, took plea deals and received sentences ranging
from 10 to 23 years.) For Carter, who was 29 years old at
the time, the 70-year sentence was a de facto life sentence.
In the two decades since their convictions, both Ruther-
ford and Carter have turned their lives around. Rutherford
has completed over 50 educational courses and received
only two minor infractions in the past decade. He also se-
cured a job for after he is released, which would enable him
to help support his deceased sister's five children.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Carter has, as the District Court put it, "become the kind
of model prisoner that our system tries, but too often fails,
to produce." 711 F. Supp. 3d 428, 440 (ED Pa. 2024) (case
below). While in prison, Carter obtained a GED, completed
vocational training programs, took parenting classes to im-
prove his relationship with his adult children, maintained
a perfect disciplinary record for the last eight years, and
provided counseling and spiritual guidance to his fellow in-
mates.
B
In 2018, Congress passed the First Step Act and greatly
reduced the mandatory minimum for first-time of-
fenders like Rutherford and Carter. Had the amendments
been in effect when Rutherford was sentenced, he would
have faced a 14-year mandatory minimum, less than half of
the 32-year mandatory minimum he received. Carter
would have been subject to a 21-year mandatory minimum,
36 years shorter than the 57-year mandatory minimum he
received. Because Congress did not make its changes ret-
roactive, Rutherford and Carter were not automatically el-
igible for sentence reductions based on those changes.
In the wake of the First Step Act, the United States Sen-
tencing Commission in 2023 adopted.13(b)(6), a policy
statement allowing courts, in limited circumstances, to con-
sider sentencing disparities created by nonretroactive
changes in law. Specifically, courts may grant relief based
on such a change in law only when four requirements are
met: (1) the defendant received an "unusually long sen-
tence"; (2) the defendant has served at least 10 years of that
sentence; (3) the disparity is "gross"; and (4) the district
court has taken "full consideration of the defendant's indi-
vidualized circumstances." USSG.13(b)(6) (Nov.
2025). Outside of those circumstances, "a change in the
law... shall not be considered" for purposes of determining
4 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

whether an "extraordinary and compelling reason exists" to
reduce the sentence..13(c).
Invoking this policy statement, Rutherford and Carter
moved for compassionate release under 18 U. S. C.
(1)(A), which allows a district court to reduce an in-
dividual's term of imprisonment "if it finds that" "extraor-
dinary and compelling reasons warrant such a reduction"
"after considering the factors set forth in section 3553(a) to
the extent they are applicable." Rutherford and Carter ar-
gued that there are extraordinary and compelling reasons
to reduce their sentences based on a combination of their
remarkable personal circumstances as well as the fact that
they would have received much shorter sentences under to-
day's law. The District Courts, however, held that the Com-
mission's policy statement is invalid and denied petitioners
relief, and the Court of Appeals affirmed.
II
The question now before the Court is whether the Com-
mission permissibly exercised its delegated authority to
permit courts to consider sentencing disparities created by
nonretroactive changes in law, among other factors, in de-
ciding compassionate release motions. Answering that
question properly begins with Congress's express delega-
tion of authority to "[t]he Commission" to define, in the first
instance, "what should be considered extraordinary and
compelling reasons for sentence reduction, including the
criteria to be applied and a list of specific examples"
through the "promulgati[on]" of "policy statements." 28
U. S. C.. This provision could hardly be clearer that
the Commission has primary say over what qualifies as "ex-
traordinary and compelling reasons for sentence reduc-
tion." Ibid.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

A
Before 1984, federal judges had broad discretion when
sentencing defendants. Statutes provided minimums and
maximums for judges to work between, but within those
ranges, judges could determine for themselves what sen-
tence was appropriate. See Mistretta v. United States, -- 366 (1989). This system allowed judges to
consider individual defendants' circumstances, but it also
led to "[s]erious disparities in sentences." Id., at 365.
To address those disparities, Congress passed the Sen-
tencing Reform Act of 1984. The Act created the United
States Sentencing Commission, which Congress tasked
with studying federal sentencing and promulgating the
Sentencing Guidelines. 28 U. S. C.. The Guidelines
instruct judges on how to sentence defendants, including
how to account for different factual circumstances like the
defendant's background, the seriousness of the defendant's
conduct, and more, within the context of the considerations
set forth in 18 U. S. C.. See 28 U. S. C.,
994(f ), 994(m).1
Congress gave the Commission an important policymak-
ing role in the compassionate-release context as well. Un-
der the statute, district courts can grant compassionate re-
lease and reduce a defendant's sentence if they find that
there are "extraordinary and compelling reasons" for doing
so. 18 U. S. C. (1)(A)(i). Congress neither specified
what constitutes "extraordinary and compelling reasons"
for relief nor told district courts how to determine if such
reasons exist. It entrusted the Commission with those re-
sponsibilities instead, instructing district courts that any
grant of relief must be "consistent with applicable policy
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Although this Court later held that the Guidelines are not manda-

tory, see United States v. Booker, -- 246 (2005), they
remain an important part of federal sentencing, and district courts must
"begin all sentencing proceedings by correctly calculating the applicable
Guidelines range," Gall v. United States, (2007).
6 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

statements issued by the Sentencing Commission."
(1)(A).
Congress tasked the Commission with issuing "general
policy statements regarding... the appropriate use of "
compassionate release. 28 U. S. C. (2)(C). Congress
also required the Commission to "describe what should be
considered extraordinary and compelling reasons for sen-
tence reduction, including the criteria to be applied and a
list of specific examples.". The only limit Congress
imposed was that "[r]ehabilitation of the defendant alone
shall not be considered an extraordinary and compelling
reason." Ibid.
B
Congress's express delegation of authority to the Com-
mission limits this Court's role in these cases. Congress of-
ten "authorize[s]" agencies "to exercise a degree of discre-
tion." Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, (2024). "For example, some statutes 'expressly dele-
gat[e]' to an agency the authority to give meaning to a par-
ticular statutory term." Ibid. ; emphasis deleted). "Others em-
power an agency to prescribe rules to 'fill up the details' of
a statutory scheme." 603 U. S., at 395 ). Others still authorize
agencies to "regulate subject to the limits imposed by a term
or phrase that 'leaves agencies with flexibility,'... such as
'appropriate' or 'reasonable.' " 603 U. S., at 395.
The Sentencing Reform Act does all those things. It in-
structs the Commission to issue guidance on the "appropri-
ate use of " compassionate release. (2)(C). It also
directs the Commission to give meaning to statutory terms
and fill up the details of the statutory scheme by "de-
scrib[ing] what should be considered extraordinary and
compelling reasons for sentence reduction," identifying "the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

criteria to be applied," and providing "a list of specific ex-
amples.".
When a statute expressly delegates authority to an
agency in this way, "[a] reviewing court is not free to set
aside" the agency's actions "simply because it would have
interpreted the statute in a different manner." Batterton,
432 U. S., at 425 ). In-
stead, the Court must determine " 'the boundaries of [the
agency's] delegated authority' " and "ensur[e] the agency
has engaged in 'reasoned decisionmaking' within those
boundaries." Loper Bright, 603 U. S., at 395.
In short, under the statutory scheme that Congress cre-
ated, the Commission has the leading role of defining the
words "extraordinary and compelling" and thus setting the
scope of compassionate release. This Court, by contrast,
has the more modest role of ensuring that the Commission
does not act unreasonably.
III
With that division of labor in mind, the Court should have
upheld the Commission's policy statement because the
Commission acted reasonably when it construed the terms
"extraordinary and compelling" to permit courts to consider
sentencing disparities caused by changes in law only in nar-
row circumstances and only as part of a holistic inquiry.
The Commission's policy statement falls well within the ex-
pansive scope of the terms "extraordinary" and "compelling"
and is consistent with longstanding judicial practices,
which Congress did not alter here.
A
Start with the terms "extraordinary" and "compelling."
Rather than imposing any bright-line limits on courts' dis-
cretion to consider or weigh information, these terms invite
open-ended, fact- and context-specific inquiries into the
8 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

totality of the circumstances in individual cases to deter-
mine whether they rise to an unusual level. In other words,
whether a given set of reasons is "extraordinary and com-
pelling" as applied to a particular defendant's case is a
question of degree, not of kind.
This Court's cases interpreting similarly broad terms
across different contexts support this understanding. This
Court has opined that it is "impossible to anticipate and de-
fine every situation that might" qualify as involving "ex-
traordinary circumstances" that warrant federal interfer-
ence with an ongoing state criminal prosecution. Kugler v.
Helfant, -- 125 (1975). It has also "strug-
gle[d] in vain for any verbal formula that will supply a
ready touchstone" for distinguishing between "ordinary"
and "extraordinary" business expenses. Welch v. Helvering,
-- 115 (1933).
Given the difficulty in defining with precision what
makes something "unusual," this Court has held, in the sen-
tencing context, that such determinations fall within dis-
trict courts' discretion. In Koon v. United States, (1996), the Court noted that a district court's finding
that a factor at sentencing was "unusual or exceptional,"
such that a departure from the then-binding Sentencing
Guidelines was warranted, "embodies the traditional exer-
cise of discretion by a sentencing court." Id., at 98. That
was because such a judgment reflected the district court's
" 'special competence' " in evaluating " 'the fact-specific cir-
cumstances of the case' " that set it apart from others. Id.,
at 99. Similarly, when identifying cases that are "'excep-
tional,' " the Court has explained that the inquiry must be
carried out by "[d]istrict courts... in the case-by-case exer-
cise of their discretion, considering the totality of the cir-
cumstances," as " '[t]here is no precise rule or formula for
making these determinations.' " Octane Fitness, LLC v.
ICON Health & Fitness, Inc., (2014).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

The Commission's policy statement fits comfortably
within these capacious parameters. To start, the Com-
mission requires courts to take "full consideration of
the defendant's individualized circumstances." USSG.13(b)(6). Individuals also must meet three other dis-
crete criteria, including that they are serving an "unusually
long" sentence and are facing a "gross" (i.e., unusually
large) sentencing disparity. Ibid. Even if all those criteria
are met, the Commission's policy statement does not re-
quire courts to grant relief. A court can grant relief only if
it concludes that there are extraordinary and compelling
reasons after taking in all relevant information about a de-
fendant's specific circumstances. Ibid.
The majority's chief rejoinder is that nonretroactive
changes in law are "the norm." Ante, at 9. True, but so too
are many of the other developments that the majority
agrees may support compassionate release. Everyone ages.
Everyone falls ill. Everyone loses family members and
loved ones. These realities are, unfortunately, also "the
norm." Yet all agree that courts may properly consider a
defendant's age, physical health, and family circumstances
when determining whether to grant compassionate release.
See ante, at 10. That concession reflects the basic reality
that facts which are ordinary in isolation can nonetheless
combine to form an extraordinary whole. Accordingly, the
key question is not whether any one reason for granting re-
lief is extraordinary or compelling on its own or in the ab-
stract, but whether a defendant's circumstances, taken to-
gether, are so extraordinary and compelling as to warrant
reducing his sentence. Because answering that question
calls for a full assessment of the totality of the circum-
stances and all relevant information, the words "extraordi-
nary and compelling" do not themselves bar district courts
from ever considering nonretroactive changes in law.
Statistics also undercut the majority's suggestion that
the Commission's policy statement permits relief in
10 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

ordinary cases. Almost no one has received relief under the
Commission's criteria. There are currently over 130,000 in-
dividuals serving sentences for federal convictions. United
States Sentencing Commission, QuickFacts: Individuals in
the Federal Bureau of Prisons (May 2025), https://
www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/research-and-publications/
quick-facts/BOP_2025.pdf (archived at https://perma.cc/
K2QS-JCR5). In Fiscal Year 2024, defendants moved for
compassionate release 3,015 times nationwide. United
States Sentencing Commission, Compassionate Release
Data Report, FY 2024, Table 2 (Mar. 2025), https://www.
ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/research-and-publications/
federal-sentencing-statistics/compassionate-release/FY24-
Compassionate-Release.pdf (archived at https://perma.cc/
FQE2-W57L). District courts granted relief under.13(b)(6) for sentencing disparities caused by any
change in law (not just the changes to 18 U. S. C. )
just 98 times. Compassionate Release Data Report, Table
10. That small number suggests that.13(b)(6) has not
opened the floodgates to sentence reductions in unexcep-
tional cases.
B
Longstanding tradition, which Congress has not dis-
turbed, also supports the Commission's policy statement.
For centuries, courts have enjoyed "broad discretion to
consider all relevant information at an initial sentencing
hearing, consistent with their responsibility to sentence the
whole person before them." Concepcion v. United States,
(2022). "That discretion also carries for-
ward to later proceedings that may modify an original sen-
tence." Ibid. At these proceedings, district courts can mod-
ify initial sentences for a variety of reasons, including
following a reversal on appeal or a retroactive change in
law. They may also consider whatever evidence they find
germane, including "intervening changes of law (such as
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

changes to the Sentencing Guidelines)" when deciding
whether to reduce a sentence. Id., at 486. Indeed, courts
may even consider nonretroactive changes to the Sentenc-
ing Guidelines. Id., at 499 -- 500.
In light of this centuries-old tradition, if Congress wishes
to restrict what courts may consider at sentence-modifica-
tion proceedings, it must say so expressly. "The only limi-
tations on a court's discretion to consider any relevant ma-
terials at an initial sentencing or in modifying that sentence
are those set forth by Congress in a statute or by the Con-
stitution." Id., at 494. (All agree that the Constitution does
not expressly bar consideration of nonretroactive changes
in law.) When Congress is silent, this Court infers that
Congress did not intend to limit sentencing courts' discre-
tion because "Congress is not shy about placing such limits
where it deems them appropriate" and has " 'shown that it
knows how to direct sentencing practices in express
terms.' " Id., at 494, 497 ).
A compassionate-release proceeding, in which a court de-
cides whether to reduce a defendant's sentence (and if so,
by how much), is obviously a sentence-modification pro-
ceeding. Changes in law are also plainly relevant to a
court's determination: The fact that a defendant would be
eligible for a significantly lower sentence for the same con-
duct today due to a change in law undoubtedly could inform
a court's decision as to whether it should reduce his sen-
tence. Allowing courts to consider this information, then, is
consistent with courts' traditional discretion.
Congress's words here do not limit courts' discretion as to
what they may consider. As explained, the words "extraor-
dinary and compelling" do not foreclose the approach the
Commission adopted in.13(b)(6). Congress's delega-
tion to the Commission, moreover, contained just one ex-
press restriction: "Rehabilitation of the defendant alone
shall not be considered an extraordinary and compelling
12 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

reason." 28 U. S. C.. That restriction, however,
does not bar courts from considering rehabilitation in con-
junction with other facts and evidence. Nor does it bar the
Commission from allowing courts to consider evidence of re-
habilitation alongside other facts, as the Commission has
done. See USSG.13(d). That specific restriction thus
poses no limit on what evidence courts may consider, and
in fact confirms that Congress knows how to limit compas-
sionate-release practices explicitly when it wants to.
The majority tries to downplay Congress's treatment of
rehabilitation by analogizing to a conversation with a dieti-
tian. Ante, at 12. An instruction from a dietitian not to eat
pasta alone, the majority says, is not a "license" to eat un-
healthy food, so Congress's express limit on rehabilitation,
the majority reasons, "did not impliedly bless all other con-
siderations" either. Ibid. This analogy misses the mark.
Unlike a judge who enters a sentence-modification proceed-
ing assuming she may consult all relevant information not
expressly excluded by law, see Kimbrough, 552 U. S., at
103, one does not go into a conversation with a dietitian un-
der the assumption that all foods not expressly prohibited
are on the table. Those concerned enough about their diets
to seek professional help likely do not need to be expressly
told that they should avoid "[f]ried chicken." Ante, at 12.
Congress's instructions to the Commission are much the
same. An instruction not to grant compassionate release
based on rehabilitation alone is not a prohibition against
considering any other type of evidence. Instead, courts may
consider all relevant information, as they have always done,
see Concepcion, 597 U. S., at 491 -- 492, and the Commission
may authorize them to do so, as it did here.
IV
The majority disagrees with the Commission's judgment,
forgetting that this Court "is not free to set aside" the Com-
mission's policy statement "simply because it would have
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

interpreted the statute in a different manner," Batterton,
432 U. S., at 425. The majority also plumbs history and the
First Step Act, searching for limits it cannot find in the com-
passionate-release statute itself. The majority comes up
empty handed.
A
First, the majority argues that considering nonretroac-
tive changes in law was, "[u]ntil very recently," unprece-
dented. Ante, at 10. Far from it. Again, courts have for
centuries considered all relevant evidence at sentence-mod-
ification proceedings, and sentencing disparities like those
created by nonretroactive changes in law are relevant infor-
mation. See Concepcion, 597 U. S., at 490 -- 492; supra, at
10 -- 12.
The majority offers a counter-tradition, claiming that the
"the heartland of compassionate release" "has long been de-
fined by a prisoner's personal circumstances," such as his
physical health. Ante, at 10. It is certainly true that per-
sonal circumstances feature prominently in compassionate-
release proceedings. Even so, nothing in the statute's text
confines courts to considering only personal circumstances,
and "[t]he only limitations on a court's discretion to consider
any relevant materials" in a sentence-modification proceed-
ing "are those set forth by Congress in a statute or by the
Constitution." Concepcion, 597 U. S., at 494. Without an
express limitation, the default remains: Courts may con-
sider facts beyond personal circumstances when deciding
whether to modify a defendant's sentence.
Nor does historical practice supply a personal-circum-
stances limit. The parties have identified only two pub-
lished opinions in which district courts reduced a sentence
under the predecessor to the compassionate-release stat-
ute, which was in effect from 1976 to 1984. In one of those
two decisions, the District Court reduced a defendant's sen-
tence not based on the personal circumstances of the
14 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

defendant, but rather because of the disparity between the
defendant's sentence and those of his codefendants. See
United States v. Diaco, 457 F. Supp. 371, 372, 376 (D NJ
1978); see also United States v. Banks, 428 F. Supp. 1088,
1089 -- 1090 (ED Mich. 1977) (granting relief under prede-
cessor statute "upon careful review of the prisoner's record,"
including evidence of rehabilitation).
Further, this Court has also acknowledged that, apart
from a defendant's personal circumstances, compassionate
release might be appropriate to reduce a sentence to ac-
count for later legal developments. In fact, in Setser v.
United States, (2012), the Court addressed
whether federal courts have authority to order federal sen-
tences to run consecutively to anticipated state sentences
that have not yet been imposed. Id., at 233. After holding
such sentences to be permissible, Justice Scalia explained
that, when unexpected sentencing developments in state
court "produc[e] unfairness to the defendant," the Sentenc-
ing Reform Act "provides a mechanism for relief ": compas-
sionate release under (1)(A). Id., at 242 -- 243.
These examples confirm that courts have historically con-
sidered postsentencing legal developments beyond a de-
fendant's personal circumstances.2
B
Without a foothold in the compassionate-release statute
or its history, the majority looks for one in the First Step
Act instead. According to the majority, Congress's decision
not to make its changes to retroactive means that it
intended to preclude consideration of those changes in all
cases as part of an individualized compassionate-release
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The majority points out that these examples "do not involve nonret-

roactive sentencing amendments." Ante, at 11,. True, but the point
is that these past examples undercut any argument that historical prac-
tice confined "extraordinary and compelling" reasons to those involving
a defendant's personal circumstances.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

determination. That argument badly overreads the First
Step Act.
To start, Congress's decision not to make its changes ret-
roactive simply means that Congress did not intend for
every person who committed offenses prior to the
First Step Act's passage to be automatically eligible for re-
lief. See ante, at 14 ("True, Congress chose not to reduce
penalties on a categorical basis"). By making that
one choice, however, Congress did not also decide that sen-
tencing disparities created by those changes should never
be considered in deciding compassionate-release motions.
Indeed, Congress amended the compassionate-release stat-
ute in the First Step Act as well, so Congress easily could
have specified that its nonretroactive changes should not be
considered in compassionate-release determinations, just
as it previously limited consideration of rehabilitation. See
Concepcion, 597 U. S., at 494 ("Congress is not shy about"
limiting courts' discretion). Yet Congress did not do so.
The majority would have a point if the Commission in-
structed courts to grant relief based solely on a nonretroac-
tive change in law; such an approach would amount to
granting relief on a categorical basis, which would be in ten-
sion with the categorical nonretroactive nature of Con-
gress's amendments here. The Commission's guidance,
however, permits consideration of changes in law only when
the disparity is "gross," the sentence is "unusually long,"
and the defendant has served at least 10 years of his sen-
tence..3(b)(6). It also requires courts to give "full con-
sideration of the defendant's individualized circumstances"
while weighing any change in law. Ibid. That individual-
ized approach is consistent with Congress's judgment that
prior offenders are not automatically entitled to re-
lief, and in no way countermands Congress's more general
decision not to make the First Step Act's amendments ret-
roactive for each and every offender.
16 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Take petitioners as examples. Neither is seeking relief
based solely on Congress's nonretroactive changes to. Instead, they argue that they are entitled to a re-
duction because of the change in law in addition to their
remarkable changed personal circumstances. To be clear,
it may well be that neither Rutherford nor Carter would be
found by a district court to be entitled to compassionate re-
lease even after taking account of sentencing disparities.
Nevertheless, they are at least entitled to full consideration
of their cases in view of all relevant information. Affording
them that individualized analysis is fully consistent with
Congress's judgment that a change in law does not auto-
matically entitle them to relief.
Even the Government agrees that individualized analy-
sis is consistent with Congress's intent at least at one step
of the compassionate-release analysis. Once a defendant
establishes extraordinary and compelling reasons, the Gov-
ernment concedes that courts may consider a sentencing
disparity created by nonretroactive changes in law when
weighing the factors to decide how much to reduce
a defendant's sentence. See Brief for United States 37; see
also 18 U. S. C. (6) (listing "the need to avoid un-
warranted sentence disparities" as one factor the court
"shall consider"). The majority maintains that considering
sentencing disparities is impermissible at the first step be-
cause it is a "distinct analytical step that imposes independ-
ent and ascertainable limits on access to compassionate re-
lease." Ante, at 14.
This attempt at statutory surgery does not cure the prob-
lem. For one thing, (1)(A)(i) does not clearly man-
date that the two steps be hermetically sealed off from one
another. It specifies only that a court "may reduce [a] term
of imprisonment..., after considering the factors set forth
in section 3553(a) to the extent that they are applicable, if
it finds that... extraordinary and compelling reasons war-
rant such a reduction." (1)(A)(i). This text in no
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

way dictates the majority's precise, two-step sequencing in
which courts undertake two different inquiries while feign-
ing ignorance of the other. That text just as easily means
that courts should decide if there are extraordinary and
compelling reasons for relief "after considering" the
factors. Indeed, it is obvious, and conceded, that
at least some of the factors are salient at both
stages. For instance, one of the factors is "the his-
tory and characteristics of the defendant," (1),
which includes the defendant's personal circumstances. If
courts can consider personal circumstances at both steps of
the analysis, see ante, at 10 (describing "personal circum-
stances" as "the heartland of compassionate release"), it is
not clear why they cannot also consider sentencing dispari-
ties at both steps as well.
In any event, even assuming Congress intended to im-
pose a rigid, two-step process, it is hard to "see how a court
may be thought to subvert congressional intent by consid-
ering nonretroactive changes to the law at the 'extraordi-
nary and compelling' stage of the analysis but not while
weighing the factors." United States v. Ruvalcaba,
26 F. 4th 14, 32 (CA1 2022) (Barron, J., concurring). "[I]f
Congress truly intended to bar district courts from consid-
ering [the First Step Act's] changes to mandatory mini-
mums in the compassionate release context by making the
changes non-retroactive, then it is doubtful those changes
should be considered at all." United States v. Chen, 48
F. 4th 1092, 1099 (CA9 2022). It also remains that, no mat-
ter how the Court may try to slice it, a compassionate-re-
lease proceeding is a "sentence-modification proceeding,"
and courts have long enjoyed broad discretion to consider
relevant information in such proceedings unless Congress
expressly says otherwise. Concepcion, 597 U. S., at 491.
Nothing in the First Step Act specifically addresses what
courts may consider when deciding whether a defendant is
eligible for a sentence reduction.
18 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

In the end, the majority is unable to explain why exactly
the Commission's case-by-case approach is inconsistent
with Congress's categorical nonretroactivity decision. See
ante, at 14 -- 15. After acknowledging that it is "[t]rue" that
Congress merely made a judgment about categorical retro-
activity, the majority takes aim at something different alto-
gether: mandatory minimums. See ibid. In the majority's
view, permitting holistic consideration of all relevant evi-
dence, including changes in law, would also permit judges
to grant relief based on their personal view that a manda-
tory-minimum sentence is too harsh. Ante, at 15.
Those fears are unfounded. A judge's policy disagree-
ment with a statutory mandatory minimum is not, and has
never been, a relevant consideration at sentencing. Alt-
hough district courts may disagree with the nonbinding
Sentencing Guidelines " 'based solely on policy considera-
tions,' " they are "constrained by the mandatory minimums
Congress prescribed" by statute regardless of their policy
views. Kimbrough, 552 U. S., at 101, 108; see United States
v. Fanfan, 558 F. 3d 105, 110, (CA1 2009) ("Though dis-
trict courts may sentence based on policy disagreements
with the... guidelines, they may not do so on the basis of
disagreements with statutes"); see also (providing
"[l]imited authority" for a court to "impose a sentence below
a statutory minimum"); (permitting district courts
to disregard a mandatory minimum for certain offenses
only if five criteria are met).
Reflecting that norm, does not permit judges to
consider their own personal policy preferences when impos-
ing an initial sentence or reducing a sentence through a
compassionate-release motion. Nor does it allow judges to
weigh whether they think that Congress mandated the
right punishment for a given crime. It does, however, in-
struct judges to consider sentencing disparities,
(6), including those created by nonretroactive
changes in law. That instruction is perfectly consistent
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

with courts' longstanding discretion to consider all relevant
information, including changes in law, when resentencing
a defendant. See Concepcion, 597 U. S., at 491 -- 492.
In addition, no evidence supports the specter that the ma-
jority invokes. District judges around the country routinely
impose mandatory-minimum sentences in tens of thou-
sands of cases every year, as it is their oath-bound duty to
apply the laws of the United States. See 28 U. S. C..
There is no evidence that these same district judges are rou-
tinely granting compassionate release as an end run around
mandatory minimums. In Fiscal Year 2024, the Commis-
sion received information regarding 61,678 cases in which
a criminal defendant was sentenced. United States Sen-
tencing Commission, QuickFacts on Mandatory Minimums
1 (2024), https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/
research-and-publications/quickfacts/Quick_Facts_Mand_
Mins_FY24.pdf (archived at https://perma.cc/5Q4L-9G3Z).
Of all individuals sentenced that year, 15.9% faced a man-
datory minimum at sentencing. That same year, judges
granted compassionate release just 481 times in total on
any ground (including under.13(b)(6)) and denied it
2,534 times. Compassionate Release Report, Table 20.
Compassionate release is not the loophole to mandatory
minimums that the majority fears.
Even if a district court were to start using compassionate
release as an opportunity to usurp Congress's role and ele-
vate its own policy preferences, the Government could ap-
peal those outlier grants of compassionate release to the
courts of appeals and, if necessary, to this Court. If a sys-
temic solution were necessary, the Commission could issue
another policy statement or Congress could enact legisla-
tion to prevent misuse of the compassionate-release stat-
ute. The solution is not, however, for this Court to conjure
categorical limitations on courts' discretion that neither
Congress nor the Commission imposed.
20 RUTHERFORD v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

* * *
The majority is right on one point: The extraordinary-
and-compelling analysis is indeed subject to "independent
and ascertainable limits." Ante, at 14. Yet one need only
read the Commission's policy statement to determine those
limits. The majority nevertheless searches high and low for
other statutory limits on what courts may consider when
deciding compassionate-release motions. Because the Com-
mission's narrow, limited guidance is consistent with what
Congress has previously said and with what courts have
previously done, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Federal Aviation Administration Authorization Act
preempts state laws related to the prices, routes, and ser-
vices of the trucking industry. But there is an important
exception: States retain authority to regulate safety "with
respect to motor vehicles." This case presents the question
whether a claim that one company negligently hired an-
other to transport goods falls within that exception. It does.
I
A
Sellers often use motor carriers to transport products to
their destination. But finding a carrier can be time consum-
ing, so many sellers rely on brokers to do it for them. Think
of it this way: Brokers are the transportation industry's
matchmakers, connecting sellers of goods to the carriers
who move them.
Today, roughly 28,000 brokers arrange transportation for
about a third of all freight shipped in the United States by
more than 780,000 carriers. Dept. of Transp., Federal Mo-
tor Carrier Safety Admin., 2024 Pocket Guide to Large
Truck and Bus Statistics 9 -- 10; Brief for Truck Safety
2 MONTGOMERY v. CARIBE TRANSPORT II, LLC

Opinion of the Court

Coalition et al. as Amici Curiae 7−8. Brokers net the dif-
ference between the price that a company will pay to move
goods and the cost of hiring a carrier. Id., at 7.
The Federal Government began regulating the trucking
industry in 1935. P. Teske, S. Best, & M. Mintrom, Dereg-
ulating Freight Transportation: Delivering the Goods 60
(1995) (Teske). The Interstate Commerce Commission
(ICC) initially regulated rates and services of motor carriers
" 'in the public interest.' " 49 Stat. 543. But the ICC's inter-
ventions "inhibit[ed] market entry [and] carrier growth,"
creating "some operating inefficiencies and some anticom-
petitive pricing." 94 Stat. 793. Its regulation also stifled
brokers' development. J. Kinsler, Motor Freight Brokers: A
Tale of Federal Regulatory Pandemonium, 14 Nw. J. Int'l
L. & Bus. 289, 290 (1994). So Congress enacted the Motor
Carrier Act of 1980 to deregulate aspects of the industry.
Ibid. The Motor Carrier Act "ease[d] entry requirements,
reduce[d] collective rate making, and encourage[d] greater
flexibility in pricing." Teske 69.
Even so, state regulation of the industry continued to in-
hibit competition. 108 Stat. 1605 (state regulation "im-
peded the free flow of trade, traffic, and transportation of
interstate commerce" and "placed an unreasonable cost" on
consumers). In 1994, Congress addressed that problem by
enacting the Federal Aviation Administration Authoriza-
tion Act (FAAAA), which expressly preempts certain state
regulations involving motor carriers. Id., at 1605−1607. A
year later, Congress amended the Act to preempt state reg-
ulations involving other players in the transportation in-
dustry, including brokers. 109 Stat. 899. Its preemption
provision now prohibits States from "enact[ing] or en-
forc[ing] a law, regulation, or other provision having the
force and effect of law related to a price, route, or service"
of any motor carrier or broker "with respect to the transpor-
tation of property." 49 U. S. C. (1).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

While the FAAAA's preemption provision is broad, it con-
tains exceptions. (2) -- (4). One -- which we will
call the safety exception -- provides that the preemption
provision "shall not restrict the safety regulatory authority
of a State with respect to motor vehicles." (2)(A).
Other exceptions leave room for States "to impose highway
route controls or limitations based on the size or weight of
the motor vehicle or the hazardous nature of the cargo" and
to impose minimum insurance requirements on carriers.
Ibid. Congress designed the safety exception "to ensure
that its preemption of States' economic authority over mo-
tor carriers of property [did] 'not restrict' the preexisting
and traditional state police power over safety." Columbus
v. Ours Garage & Wrecker Service, Inc., 
(2002) (2)(A)).
B
While driving a load of plastic pots through Illinois in a
Mack Truck, respondent Yosniel Varela-Mojena veered off
course. He struck petitioner Shawn Montgomery's tractor-
trailer, which was stopped on the side of the road. Mont-
gomery's leg had to be amputated, and he sustained other
severe and permanent injuries from the collision. Varela-
Mojena was driving for respondent Caribe Transport II,
LLC -- a motor carrier. Respondent C.H. Robinson World-
wide, Inc. -- a broker -- had coordinated the shipment.
Montgomery sued Varela-Mojena, Caribe Transport,
C.H. Robinson, and corporate entities associated with them.
Among other claims, he alleged that C.H. Robinson was li-
able for his injuries because it negligently hired Varela-Mo-
jena and Caribe Transport. Montgomery claimed that Car-
ibe Transport had a " 'conditional' " safety rating from the
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration when C.H.
Robinson hired it. App. 21. That agency had allegedly
found Caribe Transport to be deficient "with respect to
qualification of drivers," "hours of service of drivers,"
4 MONTGOMERY v. CARIBE TRANSPORT II, LLC

Opinion of the Court

"inspection, repair and maintenance," "recordable crash
rate," and more. Id., at 20 -- 21. Based on that safety rating, Montgomery claimed
that C.H. Robinson knew (or should have known) that
choosing Caribe Transport to transport goods was reasona-
bly likely to result in crashes that would injure others.
Applying Seventh Circuit precedent, see Ye v. Global-
Tranz Enterprises, Inc., 74 F. 4th 453 (2023), the District
Court held that the FAAAA expressly preempts Montgom-
ery's negligent-hiring claim against C.H. Robinson and that
the claim does not fall within the safety exception. No. 19 -- 
cv -- 1300, App. to Pet. for Cert. 11a -- 12a (SD Ill., Jan. 11,
2024). The Seventh Circuit affirmed. 124 F. 4th 1053, 1058
(2025).
The Circuits are divided as to whether the FAAAA's
safety exception permits negligent-hiring claims against
brokers.1 We granted certiorari. (2025).
II
Montgomery argues that even if the FAAAA otherwise
preempts his negligent-hiring claim against C.H. Robinson,
the safety exception saves it. We agree.2
Recall the relevant text: The preemption provision "shall
not restrict the safety regulatory authority of a State with
respect to motor vehicles." (2)(A). All agree that
common-law duties and standards of care form part of a
State's authority to regulate safety. Tr. of Oral Arg. 52, 61;
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 20 -- 22; see Kurns
v. Railroad Friction Products Corp., 
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Compare Ye v. Global-Tranz Enterprises, Inc., 74 F. 4th 453, 456

(CA7 2023), and Aspen Am. Ins. Co. v. Landstar Ranger, 65 F. 4th 1261,
1264 (CA11 2023), with Cox v. Total Quality Logistics, Inc., 142 F. 4th
847, 853−858 (CA6 2025), and Miller v. C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.,
976 F. 3d 1016, 1020 (CA9 2020).
2 Because we hold that the safety exception applies, we assume without

deciding that 49 U. S. C. (1) would otherwise preempt Mont-
gomery's negligent-hiring claim.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

(2012) (state common-law duties and standards of care are
"designed to be... a potent method of governing conduct
and controlling policy" ).
Negligent-hiring claims impose a duty of reasonable care in
employing a contractor for work carrying a risk of physical
harm. See Restatement (Second) of Torts (1964).
The preemption question thus boils down to whether neg-
ligent-hiring claims of the type Montgomery presses are
claims "with respect to motor vehicles." (2)(A).
We conclude that they are. The FAAAA supplies no defini-
tion of "with respect to," so we give the phrase its ordinary
meaning. Dictionaries define it as "referring to," "concern-
ing," or "regarding." Oxford American Dictionary and Lan-
guage Guide 853 (1999); Webster's New Universal Una-
bridged Dictionary 1640 (1996). Following those
definitions, we have construed the same phrase in the
FAAAA's preemption provision to mean "concern[s]." Dan's
City Used Cars, Inc. v. Pelkey, (2013) (in-
terpreting "with respect to the transportation of prop-
erty").3 And the FAAAA defines "motor vehicle" as "a vehi-
cle, machine, tractor, trailer, or semitrailer propelled or
drawn by mechanical power and used on a highway in
transportation.". Putting the pieces together, a
claim is "with respect to motor vehicles" if it "concerns" or
"regards" the vehicles used in transportation.
Applying that interpretation here is straightforward.
Montgomery alleges that C.H. Robinson failed to exercise
reasonable care when it hired Caribe Transport, which had
a subpar safety rating from federal regulators, to transport
goods via truck. Based on that safety rating, Montgomery
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 In Dan's City, we explained that the phrase "transportation of prop-

erty" " 'massively limits the scope of preemption' " in the FAAAA. 569
U. S., at 261 (Scalia, J., dissenting)). We did not hold or
otherwise suggest that the words "with respect to" greatly limit the scope
of preemption generally. Contra, Brief for Respondents 27.
6 MONTGOMERY v. CARIBE TRANSPORT II, LLC

Opinion of the Court

claims that C.H. Robinson knew (or should have known)
that choosing Caribe Transport to move goods was reason-
ably likely to cause an accident. Requiring C.H. Robinson
to exercise ordinary care in selecting a carrier therefore
"concerns" motor vehicles -- most obviously, the trucks that
will transport the goods. So Montgomery's negligent-hiring
claim falls within the FAAAA's safety exception, which
saves it from preemption.
III
C.H. Robinson, joined in part by the United States, raises
various counterarguments. None succeed.
C.H. Robinson and the United States contend that con-
struing the safety exception as Montgomery requests would
swallow the FAAAA's express preemption provision whole.
In other words, everything that Congress preempted would
also qualify for the safety exception. Not so. Recall that the
express preemption provision applies to laws and regula-
tions "related to a price, route, or service of " motor carriers
or brokers "with respect to the transportation of property."
(1). The safety exception saves only a subset of
preempted claims: those involving regulations concerning
motor vehicle safety. (2)(A). One can imagine
many state laws that are related to motor carrier prices,
routes, and services -- such as how much a carrier may
charge or which highways it may traverse -- that have no
relationship to safety.
C.H. Robinson also argues that Montgomery's interpreta-
tion of the safety exception creates surplusage. In addition
to preserving a State's regulatory authority with respect to
motor vehicles, the FAAAA also preserves state authority
to impose route controls based on the size or weight of the
vehicle or the hazardous nature of the cargo. Ibid. If Mont-
gomery's interpretation were adopted, the argument goes,
these carveouts would be redundant because they also
speak to safety. But the surplusage exists whether the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

disputed phrase "with respect to motor vehicles" is defined
narrowly or broadly, because any overlap comes from the
reference to a State's regulatory authority over "safety." In
any event, the provisions can be harmonized: A State's
choice to impose route controls or weight limits may serve
ends other than safety, such as guarding against highway
wear and tear.
Finally, C.H. Robinson and the United States assert that
interpreting the safety exception to cover brokers would
create an anomaly with subsection (b) of the FAAAA. That
section preempts state regulation of "intrastate" rates,
routes, or services "of any freight forwarder or broker."
(1). Unlike subsection (c), subsection (b) does not
contain a safety exception. Why, respondents ask, would
Congress completely preempt state regulation of brokers for
intrastate rates, routes, and services while only partially
preempting state regulation of brokers for interstate rates,
routes, and services?4 To avoid this anomaly, they argue,
we should interpret subsection (c)'s safety exception to ex-
clude brokers. Then, States could not impose either inter-
state or intrastate safety regulations on them.
We'll grant respondents this: It is not obvious why Con-
gress included a safety exception in (c) but not in (b). But
it would be even odder to say that the alleged tort -- the neg-
ligent hiring of an unsafe motor carrier whose truck caused
injury -- is not an exercise of "the safety regulatory author-
ity of a State with respect to motor vehicles."
(2)(A). The text of subsection (c)(2)(A) controls.
Better to live with the mystery than to rewrite the statute.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 At oral argument, Montgomery's counsel was asked about the source

of Congress's authority to enact subsection (b), given that it purports to
preempt state regulation of purely intrastate activities. Tr. of Oral Arg.
34−35. Because subsection (b) is not before us, we do not address that
issue.
8 MONTGOMERY v. CARIBE TRANSPORT II, LLC

Opinion of the Court

* * *
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed, and the
case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 1238
_________________

SHAWN MONTGOMERY, PETITIONER v. CARIBE
TRANSPORT II, LLC, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SEVENTH CIRCUIT
[May 14, 2026]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins,
concurring.
I join the Court's opinion. I agree that the FAA
Authorization Act of 1994 does not preempt state tort suits
against brokers who negligently arrange truck
transportation with an unsafe carrier.
In my view, this case is closer than the Court's opinion
perhaps might suggest. The Seventh and Eleventh Circuits
came out the other way, and in doing so, those courts raised
a number of powerful points. See Ye v. GlobalTranz
Enterprises, Inc., 74 F. 4th 453 (CA7 2023); Aspen Am. Ins.
Co. v. Landstar Ranger, 65 F. 4th 1261 (CA11 2023). In the
end, however, I agree with this Court's decision and will
briefly explain why.
* * *
Brokers are intermediaries between shippers and
trucking companies. Shippers contract with brokers, and
brokers then select motor carriers (that is, trucking
companies) to transport the shippers' goods. The trucking
companies own or lease the trucks and hire the drivers.
When truck accidents occur, an injured party will
sometimes bring a state tort suit against a trucking
company that, for example, maintained an unsafe truck or
hired or employed an at-fault driver. All parties here agree
2 MONTGOMERY v. CARIBE TRANSPORT II, LLC

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

that those suits against trucking companies are not
preempted and thus are permitted under the FAA
Authorization Act. The question is whether state tort suits
against the upstream brokers who select the trucking
companies are also permitted.
Under the text of the Act, that question ultimately boils
down to whether a state tort claim against a broker for
negligently arranging unsafe truck transportation is a
claim "with respect to motor vehicles." 49 U. S. C.
(2)(A). If yes, state tort suits against brokers are
permitted. If no, state tort suits are preempted.
The answer depends on how expansively to read the key
statutory phrase "with respect to motor vehicles." That
inquiry is complicated because the phrase "with respect
to" -- like similar statutory phrases such as "related to" or
"relating to" -- is a somewhat elastic phrase whose breadth
is determined by context. See United States v. Miller, -- 533 (2025); Dubin v. United States, -- 119 (2023); Lamar, Archer & Cofrin, LLP v.
Appling, (2018); California Div. of Labor
Standards Enforcement v. Dillingham Constr., N. A., Inc.,
(1997) (Scalia, J., concurring) ("But
applying the 'relate to' provision according to its terms was
a project doomed to failure, since, as many a curbstone
philosopher has observed, everything is related to
everything else").
Here, the brokers do not own or lease the vehicles or hire
the drivers. But they do select the trucking companies.
Does the statutory phrase "with respect to motor vehicles"
extend so broadly as to encompass the brokers' activities?
To answer that question and draw the appropriate line, we
must examine the relevant statutory context, including
surrounding statutory provisions.
The contextual considerations here point in different
directions. In favor of the brokers are two other provisions
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

of the Act: the mandatory-insurance provision and the
intrastate preemption provision.
First, the Act mandates a minimum level of insurance
coverage for trucking companies -- but not for brokers. 49
U. S. C. (1), (b)(2)(A). That coverage ensures
that trucking companies can pay when they are held liable
for truck accidents. The dichotomy between trucking
companies and brokers suggests (at least to some extent)
that Congress did not anticipate state tort suits against
brokers for negligent selection. Otherwise, Congress
presumably would have mandated insurance coverage for
brokers as well.
Second, all agree that the Act as amended does not permit
state tort suits against brokers for arranging intrastate
transportation. But plaintiff here is arguing that the
statute allows state tort suits against brokers for arranging
interstate transportation. As a matter of ordinary
preemption doctrine, which is rooted in federalism
principles, that seems exactly backwards: Why would
Congress permit state tort suits against brokers for
arranging interstate trips but preempt state tort suits
against brokers for arranging intrastate trips? Plaintiff has
no good answer to that question. So as plaintiff 's counsel
forthrightly acknowledged at oral argument, a ruling in
plaintiff 's favor would create a substantial anomaly. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 7 -- 8, 25.
For their part, the brokers seize on that rather glaring
hole in plaintiff 's argument. The brokers note that there
would be no anomaly if, as they argue, all state tort suits
against brokers for negligent selection were preempted.
Good point.
So those two contextual considerations favor the brokers
and point toward a narrower construction of "with respect
to motor vehicles" such that state tort suits against brokers
would be preempted. But other contextual points decisively
tilt in the opposite direction and point toward a broader
4 MONTGOMERY v. CARIBE TRANSPORT II, LLC

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

construction of "with respect to motor vehicles" such that
state tort suits against brokers would be permitted.
Most important is the overall structure of the safety
regime for the trucking industry. Enacted in 1994, the FAA
Authorization Act pursued economic deregulation of the
industry. But the Act largely left intact the extant system
of safety regulation, including state tort suits. See 49
U. S. C. (2)(A). The Act did not preempt state tort
suits against trucking companies for truck accidents. And
the negligent-hiring tort against brokers, like the
negligence tort against trucking companies, exists to keep
unsafe trucks and unsafe drivers off America's highways.
Given that Congress in the FAA Authorization Act sought
economic deregulation -- not safety deregulation -- it is hard
to read the statute as written and conclude that Congress
subtly sliced and diced state tort law so that trucking
companies would be subject to state tort suits for accidents,
but brokers would operate free of any such tort liability.
The brokers' preemption argument also lies in some
tension with the absence of meaningful safety-related
regulation of brokers at the federal level. In particular,
federal law does not require brokers to take substantial
steps to ensure that they select safe trucking companies.
Congress's "regulation of brokers instead seems to address
the financial aspects of broker services, not safety." Ye, 74
F. 4th, at 463. And the relevant regulatory agency, the
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, requires
brokers to select a federally registered carrier but does not
otherwise "impos[e ] safety standards on broker hiring."
Ibid. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 74 -- 75, 90; Brief for Institute for
Safer Trucking as Amicus Curiae 14 -- 17.
The lack of meaningful federal safety regulation of
brokers' selection of carriers tends to support plaintiff 's
argument here because it is doubtful that Congress,
through such indirect language in an economic-
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

deregulation statute, would allow brokers to operate in a
black hole with no meaningful safety-related regulation.
And that contextual point matters because, as Congress
well understood, truck safety is a matter of life and death.
In 2022 in the United States, about 500,000 reported truck
accidents resulted in about 5,000 deaths and 114,000
injuries. U. S. Dept. of Transp., Fed. Motor Carrier Safety
Admin., Large Truck and Bus Crash Facts 2022, p. 45
(2025). Not all truck accidents can be prevented. But some
can. Some carriers are known to be less safe; some truck
drivers are known to be unfit.
It is true, as the brokers emphasize, that trucking
companies are in the best position to monitor their own
trucks and drivers. By contrast, brokers may not always
(or even often) be in a good position to objectively assess the
relative safety of different trucking companies. See Brief
for Transportation Intermediaries Association, Inc. as
Amicus Curiae 20 -- 28. That said, brokers may sometimes
become aware that a particular carrier operates unsafe
trucks or hires unfit drivers. And if brokers can be "held
liable for disregarding poor safety records, they have a
strong incentive to do business only with safe and reliable
motor carriers." Brief for the State of Ohio, 28 Other States,
and the District of Columbia as Amici Curiae 18.
Importantly, the Court's decision today should not be
read to mean that brokers will routinely be subject to state
tort liability in the wake of truck accidents. As even
plaintiff 's counsel stressed, brokers should be able to
successfully defend against state tort suits if the brokers
have acted reasonably and arranged transportation with
reputable trucking companies. Tr. of Oral Arg. 27 -- 29. In
plaintiff 's counsel's words, the brokers "just have to hire
carriers that actually have a reasonable policy," and "the
broker is not going to have a problem if it's asking the hard
questions of the carrier." Id., at 42, 45. In addition, the
proximate-cause requirement in typical state tort law
6 MONTGOMERY v. CARIBE TRANSPORT II, LLC

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

should help protect brokers from excessive liability. Id., at
25.
That said, the brokers rightly caution against naiveté. In
the real world, as the brokers forcefully respond, state tort
law can be unpredictable, and the costs to brokers of
litigation and insurance may be significant even when
brokers prevail in lawsuits. Moreover, the costs of litigation
and insurance, as well as the costs of brokers' conducting
more substantial inquiries into trucking companies, will
cascade through the economy and be paid in part by
American consumers in the form of higher prices. See Brief
for Chamber of Commerce et al. as Amici Curiae 25 -- 34;
Brief for National Association of Manufacturers as Amicus
Curiae 15. The concerns expressed by the brokers are
legitimate and weighty. But those countervailing points
ultimately do not carry the day in determining how broadly
to construe the vague "with respect to motor vehicles"
language in this Act.
* * *
As I see it, the conflicting contextual considerations make
this a close case as we determine how to construe and where
to draw the line on the statutory phrase "with respect to
motor vehicles." In the end, I do not believe that Congress,
through such oblique language in an economic-deregulation
statute, simultaneously (i) allowed state tort suits against
negligent trucking companies and (ii) categorically
preempted state tort suits against upstream brokers who
negligently select an unsafe trucking company. The
brokers and their amici raise serious concerns about the
repercussions of state tort liability against brokers, and
they may of course (among other possibilities) ask Congress
and the President to change federal law. But as of now,
federal law does not preempt state tort liability against
brokers for negligent selection of trucking companies.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

With those additional comments, I join the Court's
opinion.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 2
Pages 593 -- 649

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
April 2, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 593

Syllabus

MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC., et al. v. HORN

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the second circuit
No. 23 -- 365. Argued October 15, 2024 -- Decided April 2, 2025
Seeking relief from his accident-related chronic pain, Douglas Horn pur-
chased and began taking "Dixie X," a purportedly THC-free, non-
psychoactive CBD tincture produced by Medical Marijuana, Inc. A few
weeks later, however, Horn's employer selected him for a random drug
screening, and Horn tested positive for THC. After he refused to par-
ticipate in a substance-abuse program, his employer fred him. Horn
then sued Medical Marijuana under the Racketeer Infuenced and Cor-
rupt Organizations Act (RICO), which creates a cause of action for
"[a]ny person injured in his business or property" by reason of a crimi-
nal RICO violation. 18 U. S. C.. The District Court granted
summary judgment to Medical Marijuana. Horn's lost employment de-
rived from a personal injury (ingesting THC), the court reasoned. And
in the court's view, forecloses recovery not only for personal
Page Proof Pending Publication
injuries, but also for business or property harms that result from such
injuries. The Second Circuit reversed, concluding that Horn had been
"injured in his business" when he lost his job. In so holding, the Second
Circuit rejected the "antecedent-personal-injury bar," a rule adopted by
several circuits that precludes recovery for business or property losses
that derive from a personal injury.
Held: Under civil RICO, a plaintiff may seek treble damages for
business or property loss even if the loss resulted from a personal injury.
Pp. 600 -- 614.
(a) The sole question before the Court is whether civil RICO categori-
cally bars recovery for business or property losses that derive from a
personal injury. The Court does not address issues implicated by this
case but outside the scope of the question presented, i. e., whether Horn
suffered a personal injury when he consumed THC, whether the term
"business" encompasses all aspects of "employment," and what "injured
in his... property" means for purposes of. P. 600.
(b) Section 1964(c) provides that "[a]ny person injured in his business
or property by reason of a violation of [RICO] may sue...." The
ordinary meaning of "injure" is to "cause harm or damage to" or to
"hurt. " American Heritage Dictionary 676. So the meaning of
is straightforward: A plaintiff has been "injured in his business
or property" if his business or property has been harmed or damaged.
594 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Syllabus

Even so, does not allow recovery for all harms. By explicitly
permitting recovery for harms to business and property, implic-
itly excludes recovery for harm to one's person. But the business or
property requirement operates with respect to the kinds of harm for
which the plaintiff can recover, not the cause of the harm for which he
seeks relief. For example, a gas station owner beaten in a robbery
cannot recover for his pain and suffering. But if injuries from the rob-
bery force him to shut his doors, he can recover for the loss of his busi-
ness. A plaintiff can seek damages for business or property loss, in
other words, regardless of whether the loss resulted from a personal
injury. Pp. 600 -- 601.
(c) Medical Marijuana argues that while "injury" ordinarily means
harm, it can also refer to the "invasion of a legal right." Ballentine's
Law Dictionary 627. Seizing on the latter defnition, Medical Mari-
juana asserts that "injured in his business or property" means "suffered
an invasion of a business or property right" -- i. e., a business or property
tort. And Medical Marijuana contends that the invasion of a personal
right never gives rise to a RICO claim. So if a personal-injury tort
causes a business or property harm, the plaintiff "cannot recast" his
harm "as the basis for a RICO suit."
Medical Marijuana in effect tries to make a term-of-art argument
Page Proof Pending Publication
without the term of art. True, "injury" can mean the "invasion of a
legal right," but even legal dictionaries confrm that "injury" often
means "harm" or "damage." In any event, when a word carries both
an ordinary and specialized meaning, context determines the choice be-
tween them. Here, context favors ordinary meaning. The statute
uses "injured," not "injury," and the dictionary Medical Marijuana relies
on defnes "injured" only according to its ordinary meaning. And Med-
ical Marijuana's argument based on the presence of the word "damages"
in is untenable. The phrase "threefold the damages he sus-
tains" refers to monetary redress -- i. e., a plaintiff may recover triple
the amount that makes him whole. Pp. 602 -- 604.
(d) Medical Marijuana ignores the many cases in which the Court
has used the words "injury," "harm," and other terms connoting loss
interchangeably. See, e. g., Sedima, S. P. R. L. v. Imrex Co., ("[T]he compensable injury necessarily is the harm caused by
predicate acts suffciently related to constitute a pattern"); Anza v. Ideal
Steel Supply Corp., ; Hemi Group, LLC v. City of
New York,. Medical Marijuana's tort-centric defnition
of "injured" also stands in signifcant tension with the Court's holding
in Yegiazaryan v. Smagin,. In Yegiazaryan the Court
addressed the circumstances in which injuries to property qualify as
"domestic" and thus provide a basis for recovery under. Yegi-
 Cite as: (2025) 595

Syllabus

azaryan urged the Court to rely on common-law principles governing
" `the situs' " of economic and property injuries. Id., at 546 -- 547. After
questioning whether such common-law principles were even "germane"
to, the Court rejected their application and instead adopted a
contextual inquiry. Id., at 547. In other words, the Court rejected an
appeal to rely on the common law, deeming that approach inconsistent
with "the thrust of." Id., at 548. The Court reaches the same
conclusion here. Pp. 604 -- 606.
(e) While Medical Marijuana insists that the Court's antitrust prece-
dent settles the question, its reliance on antitrust law is misplaced. For
one, antitrust law does not require plaintiffs to allege business or prop-
erty injuries that track common-law torts. And for another, the Court
has long recognized that the Clayton Act's and 's injury require-
ments are not "interchangeable." RJR Nabisco, Inc. v. European
Community,. Pp. 606 -- 608.
(f) Medical Marijuana offers little guidance about how courts should
assess whether a plaintiff has suffered a qualifying legal injury. In fact,
the conclusions Medical Marijuana draws from its own hypotheticals
rely on pure ipse dixit. It admits, for example, that draining a bank
account using a computer password obtained by violence injures the
account holder's property; it concedes that allows recovery for
Page Proof Pending Publication
a ransom payment despite the antecedent kidnapping; and it insists that
a human-traffcking victim can sue for her business or property harm
despite it resulting from her captivity. But if an antecedent-personal-
injury bar exists, it is unclear why any of these plaintiffs can recover
for their losses.
Defning "injured" by reference to legal rights also raises questions
about defning the right at issue. Medical Marijuana's proposed solu-
tion -- that courts should consult the complaint, state law, and general
tort principles -- does not work. Taking those sources in order, the par-
ties' disagreement over whether Horn pleaded a personal injury exposes
the problems with looking to the plaintiff's complaint. Relying on state
law would create choice-of-law questions. And looking to general tort
law poses problems of its own. Not only does general tort law not al-
ways clearly distinguish between "business," "personal," and "property"
torts, but it also is diffcult to apply when there is no clear analogue or
majority rule. Pp. 608 -- 612.
(g) Medical Marijuana warns that the Second Circuit's rule will evis-
cerate RICO's "business or property" limitation, allowing plaintiffs to
transform personal-injury claims into RICO suits for treble damages.
But Medical Marijuana understates the other constraints on civil RICO
claims. Even so, civil RICO has no doubt evolved "into something
quite different from the original conception of its enactors," Sedima,
596 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Opinion of the Court

473 U. S., at 500, and Medical Marijuana is not the frst to express con-
cern about the over-federalization of state-law claims. As the Court
has said before, if the statute allows the undue proliferation of RICO
suits, the "correction must lie with Congress." Id., at 499. Pp. 612 -- 613.
80 F. 4th 130, affrmed and remanded.

Barrett, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Sotomayor,
Kagan, Gorsuch, and Jackson, JJ., joined. Jackson, J., fled a concur-
ring opinion, post, p. 614. Thomas, J., fled a dissenting opinion, post,
p. 614. Kavanaugh, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Alito, J., joined, post, p. 624.

Lisa S. Blatt argued the cause for petitioners. With her
on the briefs were Sarah M. Harris, Aaron Z. Roper, Kris-
ten A. DeWilde, Roy A. Mura, Scott D. Mancuso, Richard
E. Lerner, and Hanoch Sheps.
Easha Anand argued the cause for respondent. With her
on the brief were Jeffrey Benjamin and Pamela S. Karlan.*

Justice Barrett delivered the opinion of the Court.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The Racketeer Infuenced and Corrupt Organizations Act
(RICO) creates a cause of action for "[a]ny person injured in
his business or property." 18 U. S. C.. We must
decide whether the statute, by implicitly denying a remedy
for personal injuries, also denies a remedy for business and
property loss that derives from a personal injury. It does
not.

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Chamber of
Commerce of the United States of America et al. by Donald M. Falk,
Gene C. Schaerr, and Jonathan D. Urick; for the DRI Center for Law and
Public Policy et al. by Sarah Elizabeth Spencer and Lawrence S. Ebner;
and for the Washington Legal Foundation by John M. Masslon II and
Cory L. Andrews.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the American
Association for Justice by Robert S. Peck and Jeffrey R. White; and for
the Human Traffcking Legal Center by Amit R. Vora.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for U. S. Hemp Roundtable, Inc., by
James C. Martin, Kim M. Watterson, and Nolan M. Jackson; and for
Thomas Fuller Ogden, pro se.
 Cite as: (2025) 597

Opinion of the Court

I
A
In 2012, Douglas Horn was working as a commercial truck
driver when he crashed his truck and injured his back and
shoulder. Months later, he was still suffering from chronic
pain, and neither physical therapy nor traditional medicine
provided relief. While searching for a natural alternative,
Horn came across "Dixie X," a tincture infused with cannabi-
diol -- more commonly known as CBD -- sold by Medical Mari-
juana, Inc.1 CBD, like its cannabis "cousin" tetrahydrocan-
nabinol (THC), is a naturally occurring chemical compound
found in the cannabis plant. Only THC, however, has the
mind-altering properties associated with marijuana.2
Because a positive drug test could cost him his job, Horn
was wary of any product that might contain THC. But
Dixie X seemed safe. It was described as a "CBD-rich,"
non-psychoactive medicine that is "0% THC." App. 19.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Medical Marijuana's online FAQ page promised that Dixie X
was "legal to consume both here in the U.S. and in many
countries abroad." Id., at 40. Additional research, includ-
ing a call to a customer-service representative, reinforced
those representations. Satisfed that Dixie X was THC-
free, Horn bought a bottle and gave it a try.
A few weeks later, Horn's employer selected him for a ran-
dom drug screening. To his surprise, the test detected THC
in his system. After Horn refused to complete a substance-
abuse program -- in his view, doing so would constitute "an
admission to doing drugs," id., at 91 -- 92 -- his employer fred
1
Red Dice Holdings, LLC, is a joint venture of Medical Marijuana, Inc.,
and Dixie Holdings, LLC. All three petitioners -- defendants in the courts
below -- played a role in producing and selling Dixie X. The details of
their respective roles do not matter here, so we refer to them collectively
as "Medical Marijuana."
2
See Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, Can-
nabidiol (CBD) -- Potential Harms, Side Effects, and Unknowns 1 (Feb.
2023).
598 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Opinion of the Court

him. Horn then ordered another bottle of Dixie X and sent
it to a third-party lab for testing. This test also came back
positive for THC. In fact, the lab refused to mail the sample
back to him, fearing that doing so would violate federal law.
Horn sued Medical Marijuana in Federal District Court,
raising a civil RICO claim (as well as a host of state-law
claims not relevant here). See 18 U. S. C.. He
alleged that Medical Marijuana was a RICO " `enterprise' "
engaged in marketing, distributing, and selling Dixie X.
; see United States v. Turkette, 
(1981) (a RICO enterprise is "a group of persons associated
together for a common purpose of engaging in a course of
conduct"). He also asserted that Medical Marijuana's false
or misleading advertising satisfed the elements of mail and
wire fraud and that those crimes constituted a " `pattern of
racketeering activity.' ", (5); see also,
1343.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The District Court granted summary judgment to Medical
Marijuana on the RICO claim. According to the court,
Horn's lost employment "fow[ed] from, and [was] derivative
of, a personal injury he suffered" -- the introduction of THC
"into his system through the ingestion of Dixie X." 2021
WL 4173195, *2, *5 (WDNY, Sept. 14, 2021). Yet RICO's
civil cause of action, the court stressed, is available only to a
" `person injured in his business or property.' " Id., at *2. Because a plaintiff cannot recover for a
personal injury, it reasoned, neither can he recover for a
business or property harm that results from a personal in-
jury. Id., at *5. So for Horn, offered no path to
relief.
The Second Circuit reversed. 80 F. 4th 130 (2023). It
began by analyzing an issue that neither the District Court
nor the parties had addressed: whether the term "business"
in encompasses not only a " `commercial or indus-
trial establishment or enterprise,' " but also an individual's
 Cite as: (2025) 599

Opinion of the Court

" `employment.' " Id., at 135 -- 136. Adopting the broad
defnition, the Second Circuit concluded that Horn had been
" `injured in his business' " when he lost his job. Ibid.
It then turned to the District Court's holding that a plain-
tiff like Horn cannot recover for a business or property harm
that fows from an "antecedent personal injury." Id., at 137.
Horn insisted that any personal-injury bar was inapplicable
because the court had mischaracterized his "unwitting inges-
tion of THC" as a "personal injury" from which his lost em-
ployment derived. Id., at 135,. But the Second Circuit
put this issue aside, instead holding that does not
impose an "antecedent-personal-injury bar." Id., at 137. It
acknowledged that by granting recovery to someone "in-
jured in his business or property," "implicitly ex-
cludes recovery for personal injuries." Ibid. Even so, the
court said, nothing in "RICO's text or structure" justifes
reading this "negative implication" to exclude recovery for
Page Proof Pending Publication
all business and property injuries that happen to derive from
a personal injury. Id., at 138. Rather, Congress "expressly
authorized" a plaintiff to sue for injuries to his business or
property. Id., at 140. And "business and property are no
less injured simply because" the plaintiff also suffered "an
antecedent personal injury." Id., at 140 -- 141.
By rejecting an antecedent-personal-injury bar, the Sec-
ond Circuit deepened a split among the circuits. The Sixth,
Seventh, and Eleventh Circuits have each interpreted
to preclude relief for any economic loss (including
loss to business or property) that results from a personal
injury. See Jackson v. Sedgwick Claims Mgmt. Servs., Inc.,
731 F. 3d 556, 565 (CA6 2013) (en banc); Doe v. Roe, 958 F. 2d
763, 770 (CA7 1992); Grogan v. Platt, 835 F. 2d 844, 847
(CA11 1988). The Second Circuit has joined the Ninth Cir-
cuit in refusing to distinguish between a business or prop-
erty loss suffered as an immediate consequence of a RICO
violation and one "derived from" or "a secondary effect of "
600 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Opinion of the Court

a personal injury. Diaz v. Gates, 420 F. 3d 897, 901 (2005)
(en banc). We granted certiorari to resolve the split. (2024).
B
Because this case implicates several issues that fall outside
the scope of the question presented, we begin by emphasiz-
ing what we do not decide.
First, we express no view on whether Horn suffered an
antecedent personal injury when he consumed THC. In the
courts below, Horn characterized his injury as exclusively to
his business and property because the defendants hurt his
livelihood, not his body. Whatever the merits of this theory,
the Second Circuit did not address it, and neither party asks
us to revisit the District Court's conclusion that Horn suf-
fered a personal injury. So like the Second Circuit, we pro-
ceed on the understanding that he did.
Second, we do not decide whether the Second Circuit cor-
Page Proof Pending Publication
rectly interpreted "business" to encompass "employment"
for purposes of. This interpretation may or may
not be right. But because Medical Marijuana has not chal-
lenged it, we leave the issue for another day.
Finally, we do not opine on what it means for a plaintiff to
be "injured in his... property" under. The parties
suggest that this phrase covers all pecuniary loss. We need
not engage this argument, however, because Horn's claim
does not depend on it. After concluding that Horn was "in-
jured in business," the Second Circuit expressly reserved the
question "whether Horn suffered an injury to property when
he lost his job." 80 F. 4th, at 136,. We follow suit.
The only question we address is the one squarely before
us: whether civil RICO bars recovery for all business or
property harms that derive from a personal injury.
II
A
Section 1964(c) provides that "[a]ny person injured in his
business or property by reason of a violation of [RICO] may
 Cite as: (2025) 601

Opinion of the Court

sue...." (Emphasis added.) The ordinary meaning of "in-
jure" is to "cause harm or damage to" or to "hurt." Ameri-
can Heritage Dictionary 676 (1969); Webster's Third New In-
ternational Dictionary 1164 (1971) ("to impair the soundness
of "; "to infict material damage or loss on"); Ballentine's Law
Dictionary 626 (3d ed. 1969) ("[t]o harm; to hurt; to wound").
"Injury," which shares a common root, ordinarily refers to
"[d]amage of or to a person, property, reputation, or thing."
American Heritage Dictionary, at 676; see also Webster's
Third New International Dictionary, at 1164.3 The meaning
of the relevant phrase is therefore straightforward: A plain-
tiff has been "injured in his business or property" if his busi-
ness or property has been harmed or damaged. Section
1964(c) requires nothing more.
Even so, does not allow recovery for all harms.
Instead, by explicitly permitting recovery for harms to busi-
ness and property, it implicitly excludes recovery for harm
to one's person. See RJR Nabisco, Inc. v. European Com-
Page Proof Pending Publication
munity, (2016); see also A. Scalia & B.
Garner, Reading Law, p. 107 (2012) ("[S]pecifcation of
the one implies exclusion of the other"). But the "business
or property" requirement operates with respect to the kinds
of harm for which the plaintiff can recover, not the cause of
the harm for which he seeks relief. For example, if the
owner of a gas station is beaten in a robbery, he cannot re-
cover for his pain and suffering. But if his injuries force
him to shut his doors, he can recover for the loss of his busi-
ness. In short, a plaintiff can seek damages for business or
property loss regardless of whether the loss resulted from a
personal injury.

3
Section 1964(c), which was enacted in 1970, see 84 Stat. 944, was mod-
eled on a materially identical provision in the Clayton Act, which was
enacted in 1914, see 38 Stat. 731. Agency Holding Corp. v. Malley-
Duff & Associates, Inc., (1987). "Injure" had the same
meaning then. See Webster's New International Dictionary 1111 (1913)
(defning "injure" as "[t]o do harm to; to hurt; damage; impair" and "in-
jury" as "[d]amage or hurt done to or suffered by a person or thing").
602 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Opinion of the Court

B
Medical Marijuana resists this conclusion, contending that
"injured in his business or property" carries a specialized
meaning. While "injury" ordinarily means harm, it can also
refer to the "invasion of a legal right." Ballentine's Law
Dictionary, at 627; see also Restatement (Second) of Torts
(1964). Seizing on the latter defnition, Medical Mari-
juana, echoed by the principal dissent, argues that "injured
in his business or property" means "suffered an invasion of
a business or property right" -- that is, a business or property
tort.4 The invasion of a personal right, they assert, never
gives rise to a cause of action under RICO. See Brief for
Petitioners 11, 15, 35; post, at 631 (opinion of Kavanaugh,
J.). So if a personal-injury tort causes a business or prop-
erty harm, the plaintiff "cannot recast" his harm "as the
basis for a RICO suit." Brief for Petitioners 15.
It is true that "injury" can mean "invasion of a legal
Page Proof Pending Publication
right." But even in the language of lawyers, this specialized
defnition is not exclusive. Ballentine's, for example, defnes
the full phrase "injury in his property" to mean either "[a]n
injury to his property" or "[h]arm or damage resulting to his
property directly or indirectly." Ballentine's Law Diction-
ary, at 627. And Black's defnes "injury" to mean "[a]ny
wrong or damage done to another, either in his person,
rights, reputation, or property." Black's Law Dictionary
4
Neither Medical Marijuana nor the principal dissent explains why the
common law of torts supplies the entire universe of relevant rights. After
all, also confers a legal right: a protection against business or
property harms that result from racketeering activity. Accordingly, if a
defendant's racketeering activity causes such a harm, the defendant has
"inva[ded]" the plaintiff's "legally protected interest" -- in other words, has
injured the plaintiff, according to Medical Marijuana and the principal dis-
sent's own defnition. Restatement (Second) of Torts ; see post, at
625, 628 (Kavanaugh, J., dissenting). Under their view, then, a civil
RICO plaintiff must establish not just one but two injuries: frst, a viola-
tion of the statutory right established by, and second, a violation
of a right recognized by the common law of torts.
 Cite as: (2025) 603

Opinion of the Court

924 (rev. 4th ed. 1968). So in legal diction-
aries, as in lay ones, "injury" often means "harm" or
"damage."
When a word carries both an ordinary and specialized
meaning, we look to context to choose between them.
United States v. Hansen, (2023). Here,
context cuts decisively in favor of ordinary meaning. As an
initial matter, the statute uses the word "injured" rather
than "injury." The word choice is notable, because while
the legal dictionary on which Medical Marijuana primarily
relies includes the specialized meaning ("invasion of a legal
right") in the possible defnitions of "injury," it defnes "in-
jured" only according to its ordinary meaning: "[h]urt, dam-
aged, [or] wounded." Ballentine's Law Dictionary, at 627.
It is hard to make a term-of-art argument without the term
of art.
And although Medical Marijuana argues otherwise, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
presence of the word "damages" does not suggest that "in-
jured" conveys a specialized meaning. Recall that 
allows "[a]ny person injured in his business or property by
reason of " a RICO violation to "recover threefold the dam-
ages he sustains." (Emphasis added.) Medical Marijuana
insists that the defnitions of "injured" and "damages" must
be different, because "Congress' use of `certain language in
one part of the statute and different language in another' can
indicate that `different meanings were intended.' " Sebelius
v. Auburn Regional Medical Center, (2013)
). According to Medical Marijuana, "damage[s]" refers
to the "loss, hurt or harm" resulting from the RICO viola-
tion. Ballentine's Law Dictionary, at 303. So "injured"
must mean something else -- namely, "having suffered an in-
vasion of a legal right." See Brief for Petitioners 15.
Once again, Medical Marijuana edits the statute to make
its point. Much as it treats "injured" as interchangeable
with "injury," it treats "damages" as interchangeable with
604 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Opinion of the Court

"damage." Yet the distinction matters, because "damages"
has a specialized legal meaning referring to monetary re-
dress. See Ballentine's Law Dictionary, at 303; American
Stevedores, Inc. v. Porello, (1947).
Section 1964(c) is best read as using "damages" in precisely
this way. By allowing a plaintiff to recover "threefold the
damages he sustains," the statute allows a plaintiff to re-
cover triple the amount that makes him whole..
And if "damages" refers to "monetary redress," it obviously
means something different from "hurt or harmed." Giving
"injured" its ordinary meaning, therefore, is perfectly con-
sistent with the meaningful-variation canon. Besides, Medi-
cal Marijuana's preferred defnition of "damages" is untena-
ble. Under it, the statute would allow a plaintiff to recover
"threefold the loss, hurt, or harm he sustains." That makes
little sense.
C
Page Proof Pending
1 Publication
Medical Marijuana admits that "depending on context, in-
jury can mean harm" and that "injury, harm, and damages"
can be used interchangeably. Reply Brief 8. Tellingly, it
ignores the many cases treating the terms synonymously in
this very context.
Sedima holds that "the compensable injury necessarily is
the harm caused by predicate acts suffciently related to con-
stitute a pattern." Sedima, S. P. R. L. v. Imrex Co., (1985). Tracking Sedima,
Anza is replete with language about the plaintiff's harms.
See, e.g., Anza v. Ideal Steel Supply Corp., 
(2006) ("Ideal's theory is that Joseph and Vincent Anza
harmed it"); id., at 458 ("To be sure, Ideal asserts it suffered
its own harms"); ibid. ("The cause of Ideal's asserted harms,
however, is a set of actions... entirely distinct from the
alleged RICO violation"). The same is true of Hemi Group,
which reiterates that "in the RICO context, the focus is on
 Cite as: (2025) 605

Opinion of the Court

the directness of the relationship between the conduct and
the harm." Hemi Group, LLC v. City of New York, (2010). In case after case, we
have used the words "injury," "harm," and other terms con-
noting loss interchangeably. See, e. g., Bridge v. Phoenix
Bond & Indemnity Co., (2008) ("For
present purposes, it suffces that respondents allege they
`suffered the loss of property related to the liens they would
have been able to acquire' "); 5 Klehr v. A. O. Smith Corp.,
(1997) ("[T]heir injuries -- the harm to their
farm -- have always been specifc and calculable"); Holmes v.
Securities Investor Protection Corporation, (1992) (equating "injuries" with "losses suffered"). Ac-
cepting Medical Marijuana's argument would require an
about-face.
Vocabulary aside, if "injured" does not mean "harmed," it
is diffcult to understand our holding in Yegiazaryan v.
Smagin. (2023). There, we addressed the cir-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cumstances in which injuries to property qualify as "domes-
tic" and thus provide a basis for recovery under.
Yegiazaryan urged us to rely on "common-law principles gov-
erning `the situs' " of economic and property injuries. Id.,
at 546 -- 547. In his view, these principles established a
"bright-line rule": An injury is located at the plaintiff's domi-
cile. Ibid. We rejected his argument, reasoning that he
had not clearly explained why those principles were "ger-
mane" to. Id., at 547. His view, we observed,
"generate[d] results... far afeld from any reasonable inter-
5
The principal dissent thinks that Bridge supports its view, but the
opposite is true. See post, at 642 (opinion of Kavanaugh, J.). In Bridge,
we rejected an invitation to look to a common-law tort analogue to resolve
whether the defendant's fraudulent conduct could form the basis of a civil
RICO suit. 553 U. S., at 652. There was no reason to think, we ex-
plained, that Congress had limited 's reach to only " `those acts
[that] would have been actionable under the common law.' " Ibid. In this
case, however, Medical Marijuana and the principal dissent adopt precisely
that logic.
606 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Opinion of the Court

pretation of what qualifes as a domestic application of." Id., at 548. We instead adopted a contextual,
fact-intensive inquiry that accounts for "the nature of the
alleged injury, the racketeering activity that directly caused
it, and the injurious aims and effects of that activity." Id.,
at 544 (footnote omitted).
Medical Marijuana's argument stands in signifcant tension
with Yegiazaryan. Carried to its logical conclusion, a tort-
centric reading of would require that courts refer
to choice-of-law principles governing the "place of wrong"
when locating the situs of a RICO injury. Restatement of
Confict of Laws (1934). Those principles dictate look-
ing to where "the last event necessary to make an actor lia-
ble for an alleged tort takes place." Ibid. So there would
be no reason for a court to use a contextual approach, survey-
ing the "injurious effects" of the defendant's conduct and pin-
pointing where they "largely manifested." Yegiazaryan,
Page Proof Pending Publication
599 U. S., at 546. But this is the precise approach we out-
lined in Yegiazaryan. And we rejected the petitioner's ap-
peal to the common law, deeming it inconsistent with "the
thrust of." Id., at 548. We reach the same conclu-
sion here.
2
Perhaps realizing that our civil RICO precedent is not on
their side, Medical Marijuana and the principal dissent
largely ignore it, insisting instead that our antitrust prece-
dent settles the issue. See post, at 631 -- 635 (opinion of
Kavanaugh, J.). But their reliance on antitrust law is
misplaced.6
Despite what the principal dissent says, antitrust law has
not "long required plaintiffs to allege business or property

6
As the principal dissent itself observes: "Few antitrust violations are
likely to infict personal injury" because "anticompetitive acts break laws,
not legs." Post, at 636 (opinion of Kavanaugh, J.). Well put -- and all
the more reason to wonder why antitrust law is particularly helpful here.
 Cite as: (2025) 607

Opinion of the Court

injuries" that track common-law torts.7 See post, at 629 -- 
630, 634. In Radiant Burners, for example, we said that
"to state a claim" under the Sherman and Clayton Acts, "al-
legations adequate to show a violation and, in a private tre-
ble damage action, that [the] plaintiff was damaged thereby
are all the law requires." Radiant Burners, Inc. v. Peoples
Gas Light & Coke Co., (1961) (per curiam). And more recently, we observed that the
"broad text" of the Clayton Act -- " `any person' who has been
`injured' " -- "readily covers consumers who purchase goods
or services at higher-than-competitive prices from an alleg-
edly monopolistic retailer." Apple Inc. v. Pepper, (2019). In neither Radiant Burners nor Apple (nor
any case in between) did we pause to ask whether "the plain-
tiff's business or property rights" had been "legally violated"
according to the common law of torts. Post, at 633 (Kava-
naugh, J., dissenting).8
In fact, to the extent our modern antitrust precedent fore-
Page Proof Pending Publication
closes recovery for certain economic harms, it does so be-
cause of a requirement that we have expressly declined to
extend to civil RICO. Several decades ago, we interpreted
7
Tellingly, the principal dissent builds its antitrust argument on a single
sentence from a century-old case about rate fxing, see Keogh v. Chicago &
Northwestern R. Co., (1922), and an unadorned citation
to a District Court case, see Reiter v. Sonotone Corp., 
(1979) ). Post, at 632 -- 633 (opinion of Kavanaugh, J.). And while the dis-
sent claims that we have recognized the former as " `settled law,' " post, at
633, the "settled" rule of Keogh is that "tariff-related claims" do "not
give rise to treble-damages antitrust actions," Square D Co. v. Niagara
Frontier Tariff Bureau, Inc., -- 420 (1986). Horn's case,
of course, has nothing to do with tariffs.
8
Consistent with these cases, the prominent Areeda and Hovenkamp
treatise states that the Clayton Act's " `business or property' requirement
is virtually always satisfed provided there is some kind of injury that can
properly be characterized as economic." 2A P. Areeda, H. Hovenkamp,
R. Blair, & C. Durrance, Antitrust Law: An Analysis of Antitrust Princi-
ples and Their Application (5th ed. 2021).
608 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Opinion of the Court

the Clayton Act to require a particular kind of injury -- 
namely, an "injury of the type the antitrust laws were in-
tended to prevent." Brunswick Corp. v. Pueblo Bowl-
O-Mat, Inc., (1977); Atlantic Richfeld Co.
v. USA Petroleum Co., (1990) (This "re-
quirement... ensures that the harm claimed by the plain-
tiff corresponds to the rationale for fnding a violation of the
antitrust laws in the frst place" ). In Sed-
ima, however, we concluded that "transplant[ing]" this
cause-of-action-specifc interpretation of "injured" into the
RICO context "would be inappropriate." RJR Nabisco,
579 U. S., at 352 (describing Sedima). Rejecting the Second
Circuit's "[a]nalog[y] to the Clayton Act," we held that a civil
RICO plaintiff need not allege a " `racketeering' " or " `RICO-
type injury' "; all that is required is business or property
"harm" resulting from the defendant's "predicate acts."
Sedima, 473 U. S., at 484 -- 485, 495. "There is no room in
Page Proof Pending Publication
the statutory language" we explained, "for an additional,
amorphous `racketeering injury' requirement." Id., at 495;
see also Holmes, 503 U. S., at 269, (" `[A]ntitrust injury'
has no analogue in the RICO setting"). In short, we recog-
nized then and reiterate today that the Clayton Act and
are not "interchangeable." RJR Nabisco, 579 U. S.,
at 352.
D
You can't replace something with nothing. And aside
from its repeated assertions that "injury" means "invasion
of a legal right," Medical Marijuana offers next to nothing
about how courts should assess whether the plaintiff has suf-
fered such an invasion.
The proof lies in Medical Marijuana's own hypotheticals.
Unable to identify a guiding principle, it lets pure intuition
do the work. It asserts that if a mobster assaults a carwash
owner and the owner does "business with the mob" as a re-
sult, the owner has suffered a "business or property injury."
 Cite as: (2025) 609

Opinion of the Court

Brief for Petitioners 34. But why? The business or prop-
erty loss fowed from an assault on the carwash owner. Ac-
cording to Medical Marijuana, the example works because
"[f]orcing someone to do business with the mob instead of a
cheaper, legitimate competitor is a prototypical business or
property injury." Ibid. It offers nothing, however, to sup-
port this ipse dixit. What makes choosing a more expen-
sive business partner a "prototypical" business injury? And
why does this rationale not extend to losing your job, as
Horn did after consuming Dixie X? Medical Marijuana does
not say. 9
Its other examples continue in the same vein. It admits
that "if Tony Soprano drains a bank account using a com-
puter password obtained by violence, Mr. Soprano has in-
jured the account holder's property by taking his money."
Id., at 34 -- 35 (citation omitted). It concedes that 
allows recovery for a ransom payment, even if a kidnap-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ping -- a personal harm -- was the catalyst. Id., at 34. And
it insists that a human-traffcking victim can sue for her busi-
ness or property harm, even though the harm necessarily
resulted from her captivity. Reply Brief 8. But if an
antecedent-personal-injury bar exists, it is unclear why any
of these plaintiffs can recover for their business or property
losses. In each scenario, the economic harm resulted from
a personal injury.
As Medical Marijuana's own hypotheticals reveal, defning
"injured" by reference to legal rights raises diffcult ques-
tions about how to defne the right at issue. And Medical

9
The principal dissent has the same problem. It asserts that "negli-
gently driving a car into a pedestrian" inficts a personal injury that it
calls "wrongful invasion of the pedestrian's physical safety." Post, at 631
(opinion of Kavanaugh, J.). But not even a cover-to-cover reading of the
Restatement will reveal a "wrongful invasion of physical safety" tort.
(And wisely, the dissent does not rest on the general tort of negligence,
which is not susceptible to fxed categorization as a business, property, or
personal tort.)
610 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Opinion of the Court

Marijuana's proposed solution is illusory.10 Its reply brief
simply asserts that "plaintiffs are the masters of their com-
plaints and what legal rights they assert." Id., at 4. But
how should a court determine whether the plaintiff has as-
serted a qualifying "legal right?" When asked this question
at oral argument, Medical Marijuana suggested that courts
could consult three sources: the complaint, state law, and
general tort principles. Tr. of Oral Arg. 35. Yet this list
gives rise to a host of new questions. Must a court examine
all three sources? In what order? What should it be look-
ing for? And what if the sources confict?
Start with the complaint in this very case. The parties
vigorously dispute whether Horn pleaded a personal injury.
Medical Marijuana says yes, Horn says no, and the Second
Circuit declined to address the question. See 80 F. 4th, at
135,. We express no view on which party is right, but
their disagreement exposes the gaps in Medical Marijuana's
theory. Do the plaintiff's asserted causes of action govern?
Page Proof Pending Publication
Or must a court try to match the alleged facts with a particu-
lar business or property tort? And what if no particular
tort squarely governs the facts of the case? As Horn notes,
"harboring" undocumented immigrants and " `traffcking in
counterfeit labels for phonorecords' " are just two of many
RICO predicate offenses that lack obvious tort-law ana-
logues. See Brief for Respondent 26; see also 18 U. S. C.
; 8 U. S. C. (harboring); 18 U. S. C. 
(traffcking).
Next, consider state law. In its briefng, Medical Mari-
juana posits that "[i]ngesting an unwanted product" is
"plainly a personal injury," citing two state-court opinions as
primary support. Brief for Petitioners 21. Suf-
fce it to say, we have our doubts.
 Cite as: (2025) 611

Opinion of the Court

wealth v. Stratton, 114 Mass. 303, 304 -- 305 (1873); Gupta v.
Asha Enterprises, L.L.C., 422 N. J. Super. 136, 142, 153 -- 154,
27 A. 3d 953, 956, 963 (App. Div. 2011)). But if state law
controls, other questions arise. States need not defne their
torts using the specifc categories of "business," "person,"
and "property." Nor do all torts obviously fall into a partic-
ular category. Some States, for example, have recently rec-
ognized a tort action against medical providers who disclose
"information obtained during treatment." See Lawson v.
Halpern-Reiss, 2019 VT 38, ¶14, 210 Vt. 224, 233, 212 A. 3d
1213, 1219; Byrne v. Avery Center for Obstetrics & Gynecol-
ogy, P.C., 327 Conn. 540, 564 -- 568, 175 A. 3d 1, 15 -- 17 (2018).
Does disclosure implicate a privacy interest? If so, does vi-
olating that interest constitute a "personal injury"? Or does
disclosure implicate a property interest in one's medical
information?
Relying on state law would also create choice-of-law ques-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tions. Many RICO enterprises transcend the boundaries of
a single jurisdiction. See 18 U. S. C. (establishing
venue in "any district" in which the defendant "resides, is
found, has an agent, or transacts his affairs"); see also
Agency Holding Corp. v. Malley-Duff & Associates, Inc., (1987) ("[P]redicate acts will often occur in
several States"). Which jurisdiction must supply the neces-
sary tort-law analogue? Is it where the plaintiff felt her
injury? Where the defendant engaged in the racketeering
activity? Where the majority of the enterprise resides?
The third source on Medical Marijuana's list -- general tort
law -- avoids the choice-of-law concern but has theoretical
problems of its own. For one, like state tort law, general
tort law does not always clearly distinguish between "busi-
ness," "personal," and "property" torts. For another, gen-
eral tort law is neither static nor uniform. See Air & Liq-
uid Systems Corp. v. DeVries, (2019)
(observing that "the federal and state courts ha[d] not
reached consensus on how to apply" a particular principle of
612 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Opinion of the Court

general tort law). When a majority rule does not exist,
when the law is unsettled, or when there is no analogous
tort, deferring to general tort principles is diffcult, to say
the least.
* * *
Medical Marijuana tries valiantly to engineer a rule that
yields its preferred outcomes. (Civil RICO should permit
suit against Tony Soprano, but not against an ordinary tort-
feasor.) But its textual hook -- the word "injured" -- does not
give it enough to go on. When all is said and done, Medical
Marijuana is left fghting the most natural interpretation of
the text -- that "injured" means "harmed" -- with no plausible
alternative in hand. That is a battle it cannot win.

III
Medical Marijuana, together with the principal dissent,
warn that the Second Circuit's rule will eviscerate RICO's
Page Proof Pending Publication
"business or property" limitation. See post, at 635 (opinion
of Kavanaugh, J.). In their view, a plaintiff can character-
ize any economic harm fowing from a personal injury as a
harm to his business or property. Hence, they say, plaintiffs
can easily transform garden-variety personal-injury claims
into RICO suits for treble damages. While we understand
the concern, Medical Marijuana and the dissent understate
other constraints on civil RICO claims.
First and foremost is RICO's direct-relationship require-
ment. Time and again, we have reiterated that 's
"by reason of " language demands "some direct relation be-
tween the injury asserted and the injurious conduct al-
leged." Holmes, 503 U. S., at 268. The key word is "di-
rect"; foreseeability does not cut it. Hemi Group, 559 U. S.,
at 12. Rather, whenever the plaintiff's theory of causation
requires moving "well beyond the frst step," it "cannot meet
RICO's direct relationship requirement." Id., at 10.
Given the number of steps in Horn's theory and the multi-
ple actors involved, this requirement may present an insur-
 Cite as: (2025) 613

Opinion of the Court

mountable obstacle in his case. Indeed, even Horn concedes
that he faces "a heavy burden on remand." Tr. of Oral Arg.
45, 63, 70. There is, after all, some distance between the
frst link in the chain (Medical Marijuana's misrepresenta-
tions) and the last (Horn's job loss).
Second, pleading a RICO claim is not as simple as pointing
to a business or property harm. A plaintiff must frst estab-
lish a pattern of racketeering activity. 18 U. S. C.,
1964(c). Doing so requires identifying two or more predi-
cate crimes "within a single scheme that were related and
that amounted to, or threatened the likelihood of, continued
criminal activity." H. J. Inc. v. Northwestern Bell Tele-
phone Co., (1989); see also and
(5), 1962. So harm resulting from a single tort is not a ticket
to federal court for treble damages.
Third, the reach of turns on more than the mean-
ing of "injured." As we noted at the outset, "business" may
Page Proof Pending Publication
not encompass every aspect of employment, and "property"
may not include every penny in the plaintiff's pocketbook.
Accordingly, not every monetary harm -- be it lost wages,
medical expenses, or otherwise -- necessarily implicates
RICO. Medical Marijuana brushes away this possibility, in-
stead attributing the broadest defnitions to both terms.
All of this said, civil RICO has undeniably evolved "into
something quite different from the original conception of its
enactors." Sedima, 473 U. S., at 500. More suits are
brought against ordinary businesses than against "arche-
typal, intimidating mobster[s]," id., at 499, and given this
development, Medical Marijuana is not the frst litigant to
express concern about "the `over-federalization' of tradi-
tional state-law claims," Bridge, 553 U. S., at 659. But we
respond today as we have before: If the breadth of the stat-
ute "leads to the undue proliferation of RICO suits, the `cor-
rection must lie with Congress.' " Id., at 660 ; see also H. J. Inc., 492 U. S., at 248 -- 
249; Boyle v. United States, -- 951 (2009).
614 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Thomas, J., dissenting

* * *
The phrase "injured in his business or property" does not
preclude recovery for all economic harms that result from
personal injuries. We therefore affrm the Second Circuit's
judgment and remand the case for further proceedings con-
sistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
Justice Jackson, concurring.
When Congress speaks, courts should listen. Congress
has instructed that the Racketeer Infuenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act (RICO) "shall be liberally construed to ef-
fectuate its remedial purposes.", 84 Stat. 947.
That instruction applies with particular force to the remedial
provision of RICO at issue in this case, 18 U. S. C.,
which creates "a private action for those injured by rack-
eteering activity." Sedima, S. P. R. L. v. Imrex Co., 473
Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S. 479, 498 (1985). In rejecting petitioners' attempts to
add atextual hurdles to, today's decision accords
with Congress's liberal-construction directive. In my view,
that provides one more reason that the decision is right.

Justice Thomas, dissenting.
The Racketeer Infuenced and Corrupt Organizations Act
(RICO) allows any person "injured in his business or prop-
erty by reason of " racketeering activity to bring a civil suit
for damages. 18 U. S. C.. All agree that this "civil
RICO" statute forbids suits based on "personal injuries."
RJR Nabisco, Inc. v. European Community, 350 (2016). We granted certiorari in this case to resolve
a Circuit split on "[w]hether economic harms resulting from
personal injuries" are "injuries to `business or property' "
under civil RICO or are instead personal-injury damages.
Pet. for Cert. i. But, this case has proved ill suited for de-
ciding the question presented. The parties dispute an im-
portant threshold issue: whether the plaintiff here suffered
 Cite as: (2025) 615

Thomas, J., dissenting

a personal injury in the frst place. And, they have inade-
quately briefed their views on the meaning of the key statu-
tory phrase "injured in his business or property.".
Perhaps due to these diffculties, the Court today issues a
narrow opinion that elides the parties' primary disputes.
Rather than opine on ancillary issues, I would dismiss the
writ of certiorari as improvidently granted. I respectfully
dissent.
I
Plaintiff Douglas Horn lost his job as a commercial truck
driver after a random drug test revealed tetrahydrocannabi-
nol (THC) in his system. Horn asserts that the THC came
from his ingestion of Dixie X, an over-the-counter medicinal
product manufactured and sold by Medical Marijuana, Inc.1
Medical Marijuana advertised Dixie X as THC-free, but a
third-party laboratory detected THC in the product.
Horn sued Medical Marijuana in Federal District Court,
Page Proof Pending Publication
alleging various state-law claims and a violation of civil
RICO. To establish a civil RICO violation, a plaintiff must
prove that a defendant engaged in a "pattern of racketeering
activity" that caused the plaintiff to be "injured in his busi-
ness or property.", 1964(c). Horn alleged that
Medical Marijuana engaged in mail and wire fraud -- forms of
racketeering activity under RICO -- and that, as a result, he
suffered a business or property injury in the form of lost
employment.
Medical Marijuana moved for summary judgment on some
of Horn's state-law claims on the ground that Horn had not
suffered a personal injury, an essential element of those
claims. Specifcally, Medical Marijuana asserted that Horn
had "failed to produce any evidence or testimony that [he]
suffered any bodily injury from ingesting Dixie X." Memo-
1
Petitioners include Medical Marijuana, Inc., Red Dice Holdings, LLC,
and Dixie Holdings, LLC, all of which were involved in the production and
sale of Dixie X. I refer to petitioners as Medical Marijuana throughout
this opinion.
616 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Thomas, J., dissenting

randum of Law in Support of Defendants et al. in No. 15 -- cv -- 
701 (WDNY, Aug. 30, 2018), ECF Doc. 62 -- 1, p. 27. In Medi-
cal Marijuana's view, "[t]he only loss" Horn even "attempted
to establish through discovery" was that he lost his "jo[b]
and... source of income." Ibid.
The District Court accepted Medical Marijuana's argu-
ment and rejected some of Horn's state-law claims based on
his failure to establish a personal injury. 383 F. Supp. 3d
114, 134 (WDNY 2019). The court explained that although
Horn seeks damages for "economic losses," he does "not
claim that [he] suffered any personal injury... as a result
of [Medical Marijuana's] conduct." Ibid.
The District Court's summary judgment ruling left two
claims for trial: a state-law fraudulent inducement claim and
the civil RICO claim.
On the eve of trial, Medical Marijuana argued for the frst
time that Horn's civil RICO claim failed as a matter of law
Page Proof Pending Publication
because it was based on a "personal injury." Memorandum
of Law in Reply to Motion In Limine in No. 15 -- cv -- 701
(WDNY, Aug. 2, 2021), ECF Doc. 200, p. 4. It asserted that
the only injury Horn alleged was the unwanted "ingest[ion]"
of "trace amounts of THC," and that this kind of injury "is,
fundamentally, a type of `personal injury.' " Id., at 10, 12.
Horn's lost wages, according to Medical Marijuana, were
merely "damages" that "derive from a personal injury," and
thus "are not recoverable under... civil RICO." Id., at 5
(capitalization and boldface deleted).
Notwithstanding its earlier determination that Horn had
not suffered a personal injury for purposes of the state-law
claims, the District Court adopted Medical Marijuana's new
theory and held that Horn's civil RICO claim was based on
an impermissible "personal injury: the bodily invasion that
[Horn] suffered when he unwittingly ingested THC." 2021
WL 4173195, *3 (WDNY, Sept. 14, 2021). And, because civil
RICO precludes suits based on personal injuries, the District
Court determined that Horn's civil RICO claim "fail[ed] as a
 Cite as: (2025) 617

Thomas, J., dissenting

matter of law." Id., at *5. The District Court granted par-
tial fnal judgment on the civil RICO claim to allow Horn
to appeal.
Before the Second Circuit, Horn did not contest the Dis-
trict Court's holding that civil RICO excludes suits based on
economic harms resulting from personal injuries. Rather,
he argued that he had not suffered a personal injury in the
frst place.
The Second Circuit declined to decide whether Horn had
suffered a personal injury. Instead, the court resolved what
it described as the "logically antecedent legal question":
whether civil RICO "bars a plaintiff from suing for injuries
to business or property simply because they fow from, or
are derivative of, a personal injury." 80 F. 4th 130, 135, 
(2023). Deepening a Circuit split, the Second Circuit held
that civil RICO permits a plaintiff to sue for injuries to busi-
ness or property that "fow from, or are derivative of, an
Page Proof Pending Publication
antecedent personal injury." Id., at 135.
Medical Marijuana petitioned this Court for certiorari,
asking us to decide whether economic harms resulting from
personal injuries are injuries to "business or property"
under civil RICO. Pet. for Cert. i. It assured us that
"[t]his case cleanly tees that circuit split up for resolution,"
and that the case would "tur[n] on a narrow, dispositive, and
discrete question of statutory interpretation that requires
little analysis of the underlying facts." Id., at 4 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). We granted certiorari. (2024).
II
I would dismiss the writ of certiorari as improvidently
granted. The question presented has divided the Circuits
and merits this Court's attention. But, the parties dispute
an important, factbound, threshold issue that the court below
did not pass upon. And, the intertwined question of how to
defne a civil RICO injury is inadequately briefed.
618 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Thomas, J., dissenting

A
We took this case to decide whether economic losses fow-
ing from personal injuries are injuries to business or prop-
erty for purposes of civil RICO, or merely damages. That
question necessarily assumes the existence of a personal in-
jury as the starting point.
Yet, in this case, the parties vigorously contest whether
Horn suffered a personal injury at all. Despite its earlier
theory that Horn had not suffered a personal injury, see
supra, at 616 -- 617, Medical Marijuana now argues that "Horn
suffered a quintessential personal injury" by "ingesting an
unwanted substance." Brief for Petitioners 20. Horn, by
contrast, contends that he "did not suffer any harm to his
person," and that his injuries were only economic in nature.
Tr. of Oral Arg. 67; Brief for Respondent 29.
The Second Circuit expressly sidestepped the question
whether Horn suffered a personal injury by ingesting Dixie
Page Proof Pending Publication
X. 80 F. 4th, at 135,. The only court to have passed
on the issue -- the District Court -- expressed different views
at different points. See supra, at 616 -- 617.
I would not decide whether losses fowing from personal
injuries are injuries to business or property in a case where
no one knows whether the plaintiff suffered a personal injury
in the frst place. If Horn did not suffer a personal injury,
then our resolution of the question presented will have no
bearing on this case. Because federal courts may not "ren-
der advisory opinions... advising what the law would be
upon a hypothetical state of facts," Preiser v. Newkirk, (1975), we
ordinarily do not decide matters unless we know that our
decision will have some import for the parties before us.
Given the lack of clarity on whether Horn suffered a personal
injury, we cannot be assured that our resolution of the ques-
tion presented would affect the parties here.
Even if resolving a question that might not affect these
parties is "a permissible course, it does not strike me as the
 Cite as: (2025) 619

Thomas, J., dissenting

most sensible one." Warner Chappell Music, Inc. v. Nealy,
(2024) (Gorsuch, J., dissenting). The
question presented asks us to analyze the nature of losses
that fow from a personal injury. It is diffcult to analyze
the nature of downstream losses when the nature of the ini-
tial event is unknown. Medical Marijuana asserts that the
kind of loss at issue here -- lost wages -- can sometimes con-
stitute an "injury," depending on the circumstances and the
event from which the lost wages fow. Reply Brief 15.
That we do not know whether this case involves a personal
injury severely "complicates our inquiry," and thus counsels
in favor of dismissing the writ of certiorari as improvidently
granted. McDonough v. Smith, (2019)
(Thomas, J., dissenting); accord, Arizona v. City and County
of San Francisco, (2022) (Roberts, C. J.,
concurring) (concurring in the dismissal of the writ of certio-
rari as improvidently granted because other contested issues
Page Proof Pending Publication
"could stand in the way of our reaching the question pre-
sented... or at the very least, complicate our resolution of
that question").
Of course, we could decide for ourselves whether Horn suf-
fered a personal injury. But, "we are a court of review, not
of frst view." Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005). And, whether Horn suffered a personal injury is a
case-specifc factual fnding. Such questions do not ordi-
narily merit our review. See this Court's Rule 10.
Moreover, it is not clear to me that Medical Marijuana is
even entitled to argue that Horn suffered a personal injury.
The rule of judicial estoppel " `generally prevents a party
from prevailing in one phase of a case on an argument and
then relying on a contradictory argument to prevail in an-
other phase.' " New Hampshire v. Maine, 
(2001). Medical Marijuana initially argued that Horn had not
alleged a cognizable personal injury. See supra, at 615 -- 616.
The District Court agreed and dismissed some of Horn's
state-law tort claims on that ground. Then, shortly before
620 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Thomas, J., dissenting

trial, Medical Marijuana argued that the remaining civil
RICO claim failed because Horn had based the claim on a
personal injury. Horn has made a nonfrivolous argument
that Medical Marijuana should be judicially estopped from
arguing that he suffered a personal injury. Brief in Opposi-
tion 19 -- 20. Depending on the outcome before this Court,
the estoppel issue could be litigated on remand. This addi-
tional complication is yet another reason to dismiss the writ
of certiorari as improvidently granted.
Resolving the question presented would be far more
straightforward in a case where the personal injury is be-
yond dispute. For example, imagine a case in which rack-
eteering activity inficts a classic personal injury -- such as a
broken arm -- and as a result, the plaintiff suffers economic
loss in the form of medical expenses. Such a case would
cleanly tee up the question dividing the Circuits: whether
the economic loss fowing from a personal injury qualifes as
an injury to business or property under civil RICO.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The question presented is important and merits our atten-
tion. But, we should save the question for a case where all
agree that the plaintiff suffered a personal injury and where
our resolution of the question will unambiguously matter.

B
The question presented is also bound up with a related
question -- that is, the defnition of the phrase "injured in his
business or property" in civil RICO.. To under-
stand whether Horn's civil RICO claim is based on an "in-
jur[y] in his business or property," it would be helpful to
understand the meaning of that phrase in the civil RICO
statute. Ibid. But, I would not decide that weighty ques-
tion here because the court below did not do so, and neither
party offers a complete defnition of the phrase.
The Second Circuit did not decide the meaning of "injured
in his business or property." Ibid. In its view, "[b]y using
the disjunctive `or' to separate `business' from `property,'
 Cite as: (2025) 621

Thomas, J., dissenting

Congress made clear that `business' was not intended to
modify `property,' nor was `property' intended to modify
`business.' " 80 F. 4th, at 135 -- 136. Thus, the Second Cir-
cuit evaluated the meaning of "business" without considering
the meaning of "property." Id., at 136.
Similarly, neither party offers a complete defnition of "in-
jured in his business or property.". Horn argues
that an injury to "business" is any harm to one's employ-
ment, and employment, in Horn's view, "embraces every-
thing about which a person can be employed." Brief for Re-
spondent 12. But, Horn
says little about what it means to be "injured in his...
property.". Medical Marijuana, for its part, ar-
gues that an injury to business or property is the invasion
of a legal right that one holds in his business or property.
Brief for Petitioners 11. But, nowhere does Medical Mari-
juana tell us exactly how it would defne those legal rights.
Page Proof Pending Publication
At times it has suggested that courts should look to state
tort law, but, it says little about how courts should assess
whether the plaintiff has suffered a qualifying tort. Given
the state of the briefng on this matter, we are not well posi-
tioned to decide the meaning of "injured in his business or
property" in this case..
In my view, the Court should interpret the meaning of
"injured in his business or property" in its entirety. The
ordinary rule is that "a word is known by the company it
keeps." Dubin v. United States, (2023). Thus, the meaning of
"property" -- and the way that courts determine the meaning
of that term -- is likely to bear on the meaning of "business."
It may be important that a number of courts have held that
"whether a particular interest amounts to property is quint-
essentially a question of state law." Doe v. Roe, 958 F. 2d
763, 768 (CA7 1992) ); see also Price v. Pinnacle Brands,
Inc., 138 F. 3d 602, 607 (CA5 1998) (per curiam) (explaining
622 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Thomas, J., dissenting

that courts "may look to state law to determine, for RICO
purposes, whether a property interest exists"). Until we
are prepared to defne the entirety of the phrase "injured in
his business or property," my preference is to say nothing
at all.
III
The Court's opinion underscores why we should dismiss
the writ of certiorari as improvidently granted. Perhaps
due to the diffculties described above, the Court declines
to resolve the question presented. It also declines to offer
defnitive guidance on what it means for a plaintiff to be "in-
jured in his business or property.". Instead, as
Justice Kavanaugh explains, "the Court charts an unusual
middle way." Post, at 626 (dissenting opinion). It affrms
a component of the Second Circuit's decision that no party
seems to dispute. It then defnes one word within the dis-
puted statutory phrase, leaving the most critical and
Page Proof Pending Publication
outcome-determinative issues for another day. If these lim-
ited holdings are the most we can offer, then our grant of
certiorari was plainly improvident.

A
The Court affrms the Second Circuit's conclusion that civil
RICO "does not preclude recovery for all economic harms
that result from personal injuries." Ante, at 614. In other
words, the Court affrms the Second Circuit's determination
that civil RICO does not contain a so-called "antecedent-
personal-injury bar." 80 F. 4th, at 137. But, as far as I can
tell, no party has ever contested that point.
The "antecedent-personal-injury bar" appears to be a con-
cept invented by the Second Circuit. The bar, if applied to
civil RICO, would preclude a plaintiff from recovering for
an injury to business or property simply because the injury
happens to follow a personal injury in the causal chain. In
other words, the theory goes, once the plaintiff suffers a per-
 Cite as: (2025) 623

Thomas, J., dissenting

sonal injury, he may not recover for any subsequent injuries
to his business or property that follow or fow from it.
In my view, the majority misunderstands Medical Mari-
juana to be advocating for that rule. See ante, at 609. The
majority describes the "only question" before us as "whether
civil RICO bars recovery for all business or property harms
that derive from a personal injury." Ante, at 600. But,
that reformulation of the question presented miscasts Medi-
cal Marijuana's argument. Medical Marijuana concedes that
some harms to business or property are actionable under
civil RICO, even if they follow or fow from a personal injury.
See Brief for Petitioners 33 -- 34. Its point is that not all
harms to business or property are injuries to business or
property under civil RICO. In its view, some economic
harms -- such as medical expenses, or, as relevant here, some
forms of lost wages -- are better conceived of as damages.
Thus, the question squarely before us is whether the eco-
nomic harms in this case -- Horn's lost wages -- constitute a
Page Proof Pending Publication
cognizable injury to business or property under civil RICO
or are instead personal-injury damages.
I agree with the Court's conclusion that civil RICO does
not bar recovery for all economic harms that result from a
personal injury. So do the other dissenters. Post, at 644
(opinion of Kavanaugh, J.). And, as far as I can tell, so do
all the parties and the court below. See Brief for Petition-
ers 34; Brief for Respondent 18 -- 21; 80 F. 4th, at 137. We do
not ordinarily take a case to settle an issue on which there
is no disagreement.
B
The Court's other holding is that "injured" in civil RICO
means "harmed." Ante, at 600 -- 601. But, defning one
word within the phrase "injured in his business or property,", sidesteps the core of the parties' disagreement.
The parties dispute the meaning of the phrase "injured in
his business or property.". Although the parties
624 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

would defne "injured" in slightly different terms, their big-
gest disagreement concerns what is injured or harmed. Ac-
cording to Horn, a plaintiff can bring a civil RICO suit so
long as his business -- broadly defned to mean "everything"
about employment -- is harmed. Brief for Respondent 12. And, according to Med-
ical Marijuana, a plaintiff can bring a civil RICO suit only if
his legally protected right in his business or property is in-
vaded (or, in other words, injured or harmed). See Brief for
Petitioners 11. The modest conclusion that "injured" means
"harmed" leaves the scope of the relevant harm unresolved.
The Court's limited holding is bound to "leave substantial
confusion and litigation in its wake." Post, at 648 (opinion
of Kavanaugh, J.). Notwithstanding its decision to affrm,
the Court is unwilling to say that Horn has alleged a cogniza-
ble injury to his business under civil RICO. The Court
makes clear that it is not deciding whether the Second Cir-
cuit correctly interpreted "business" to encompass "employ-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment." Ante, at 600. The Court also makes clear that it is
not deciding the defnition of "property." Ibid. I appreci-
ate the hesitation to defne an entire phrase in a case where
neither party offers a complete defnition. But, rather than
defne one word in isolation, I would wait for a better case.
* * *
The decision below implicates a genuine Circuit split, but
the parties dispute a factbound, threshold issue that directly
bears on the question presented. And, the related issue of
how to defne "injured in his business or property,",
was not decided below and is inadequately briefed. I would
therefore dismiss the writ of certiorari as improvidently
granted. I respectfully dissent.
Justice Kavanaugh, with whom The Chief Justice
and Justice Alito join, dissenting.
The Racketeer Infuenced and Corrupt Organizations Act,
known as RICO, provides that any "person injured in his
 Cite as: (2025) 625

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

business or property by reason of a violation" of the Act
"shall recover threefold the damages he sustains." 18
U. S. C.. Under the text of RICO,
therefore, a plaintiff may sue for "business or property" inju-
ries, and he may seek recovery of the damages he sustains
from those injuries. But a plaintiff may not sue for "per-
sonal injuries." RJR Nabisco, Inc. v. European Commu-
nity, (2016).
Importantly, and key to my disagreement with the Court's
opinion in this case, the term "injured" is a tort-law term of
art and therefore "should be given its established common-
law meaning." United States v. Castleman, (2014) (quotation marks omitted). In tort law, the term
"injured" means to have suffered "the invasion of any legally
protected interest." Restatement (Second) of Torts 
(1964). Personal, property, and business injuries all have
well-defned meanings in tort law: They mean the invasion
Page Proof Pending Publication
of a legal right in one's person, property, or business,
respectively.
The dispute in this case arises because personal injuries
in tort law, and thus also in RICO cases, often result in losses
or damages that are related to the victim's business or prop-
erty. For example, personal injuries from defective prod-
ucts or car accidents often lead to lost wages (loss of "busi-
ness" according to plaintiff Horn) and medical expenses (loss
of "property" according to Horn).
So the fundamental question here is whether business or
property losses from a personal injury transform a tradi-
tional personal-injury suit into a business-injury or
property-injury suit that can be brought in federal court for
treble damages under RICO. Plaintiff Horn and the Second
Circuit say that the answer is yes. Defendant Medical Mari-
juana, as well as the Sixth, Seventh, and Eleventh Circuits,
contend that the answer is no -- that RICO does not authorize
suits for personal injuries regardless of what losses or dam-
ages a victim sustains from a personal injury. I agree with
626 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

defendant Medical Marijuana and the Sixth, Seventh, and
Eleventh Circuits.
A plaintiff cannot circumvent RICO's categorical exclusion
of personal-injury suits simply by alleging that a personal
injury resulted in losses of business or property, thereby con-
verting otherwise excluded personal-injury suits into
business- or property-injury suits. If the rule were other-
wise, as plaintiff Horn advocates here, RICO would federal-
ize many traditional personal-injury tort suits. When
enacting civil RICO in 1970, Congress did not purport to
usher in such a massive change to the American tort system.
As the Eleventh Circuit rightly said, if "Congress intended
to create a federal treble damages remedy for cases involv-
ing bodily injury, injury to reputation, mental or emotional
anguish, or the like, all of which will cause some fnancial
loss, it could have enacted a statute referring to injury gen-
erally, without any restrictive language." Grogan v. Platt,
Page Proof Pending Publication
835 F. 2d 844, 847 (1988) (quotation marks omitted). Con-
gress did not enact such a statute. On the contrary, it
excluded personal-injury suits. And it is not remotely plau-
sible to conclude that Congress excluded personal-injury
suits under RICO and then turned around and somehow still
implicitly authorized most personal-injury suits under
RICO.
For its part, the Court today neither fully agrees with
plaintiff Horn and the Second Circuit, nor fully agrees with
defendant Medical Marijuana and the Sixth, Seventh, and
Eleventh Circuits. Instead, the Court charts an unusual
middle way. The Court agrees with Horn that the term "in-
jured" in RICO is not a tort-law term of art and therefore
should be read according to its ordinary conversational
meaning, rather than its longstanding legal meaning.
Therefore, the Court agrees with Horn that personal-injury
suits are not excluded by RICO so long as the personal inju-
ries lead to "business or property loss." Ante, at 601. But
the Court then declines to decide whether lost wages and
 Cite as: (2025) 627

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

medical expenses (which are among the most common eco-
nomic damages in personal-injury suits) qualify as business
or property losses recoverable in those RICO suits.
By concluding that traditional personal-injury suits are not
excluded by RICO and then punting on the critical questions
of whether lost wages and medical expenses are recoverable
losses of business or property in those RICO suits, the
Court's opinion both errs on the law and leaves substantial
confusion in its wake. The aftermath of the Court's opinion
could be quite a mess, as courts grapple with RICO personal-
injury cases where the question is what losses qualify as
business or property losses.
Unlike the Court, I would heed the text of the statute,
recognize that the term "injured" in RICO is a longstanding
tort-law term of art, and keep things relatively simple:
RICO excludes suits for personal injuries, regardless of what
losses or damages ensue from those personal injuries.

Page Proof Pending
I Publication
For three reasons, I conclude that RICO does not author-
ize suits for personal injuries even when those personal inju-
ries result in losses or damages related to one's business or
property: (1) the text of RICO excludes personal-injury suits
and incorporates traditional tort-law principles about what
injury means; (2) this Court's antitrust precedents, which in-
terpret the same "injured in his business or property" lan-
guage on which RICO was deliberately modeled, confrm
that RICO excludes all losses resulting solely from personal
injuries; and (3) the federalism canon counsels against feder-
alizing large swaths of ordinary state-court tort cases absent
clear direction from Congress.

A
First is the statutory text. RICO expressly distinguishes
among different kinds of injuries -- personal injuries versus
business or property injuries.
628 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

When it enacted RICO in 1970, Congress did not pluck the
word "injured" out of thin air. Rather, Congress adopted
language that comes straight from longstanding tort-law
principles. And those longstanding tort-law principles mat-
ter when courts construe RICO: In interpreting statutory
torts, this Court starts "from the premise that when Con-
gress creates a federal tort it adopts the background of
general tort law." Staub v. Proctor Hospital, (2011). Therefore, to defne the scope of civil RICO's
cause of action, this Court has repeatedly looked to "gen-
eral common-law" tort principles regarding "legal injury."
Bridge v. Phoenix Bond & Indemnity Co., 
(2008); see Beck v. Prupis, -- 501 (2000).
Stated otherwise, "injured" is a "common-law term of art"
that "should be given its established common-law meaning."
United States v. Castleman, (2014) (quota-
tion marks omitted). Here, as elsewhere, when "Congress
Page Proof Pending Publication
transplants a common-law term, the `old soil' comes with it."
United States v. Hansen, (2023) (quotation
marks omitted).
What constitutes injury as a matter of traditional tort law?
For tort-law purposes, injury is the infringement of a legal
right -- "the invasion of any legally protected interest of an-
other." Restatement (Second) of Torts.
And with injury so defned, Congress's "cabining RICO's
private cause of action to particular kinds of injury" -- busi-
ness or property injuries, not personal injuries -- makes per-
fect sense. RJR Nabisco, Inc. v. European Community, (2016). That is because tort law has long cate-
gorized different kinds of legal injuries along precisely
those lines.
Personal injury includes "acts constituting a tort because
intended or likely to cause bodily harm or emotional dis-
tress." Restatement (Second) of Torts, Comment a
(1977); see id., ch. 2, Introductory Note, at 22; Ballentine's
Law Dictionary 941 (3d ed. 1969). Typical personal-injury
 Cite as: (2025) 629

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

claims may involve, for example, car accidents or defective
products.
Property injury -- like trespass or conversion -- is an act
"materially affecting the capacity of particular property for
ordinary use and enjoyment" or "the diminishing" of one's
"property" by tortious means. Ballentine's, at 627; see
Chattanooga Foundry & Pipe Works v. Atlanta, 398 -- 399 (1906).
Those categories are long and widely recognized. In de-
tailing the "several injuries cognizable by the courts of com-
mon law," Blackstone separated "wrongs or injuries that af-
fected the rights of persons" from "such injuries as affect the
rights of property." 3 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on the
Laws of England 115, 144 (1768). As one court phrased it
150 years later, actions "to recover damages caused by bodily
injuries, or by injuries to property," were "well known as
distinct classes of actions" and "each separately treated in
Page Proof Pending Publication
the text books of law" -- and "so clearly distinguished" that
"there is no diffculty in recognizing and classifying them."
Gridley v. Fellows, 166 Cal. 765, 769, 138 P. 355, 357 (1914);
see Kelley v. Boyne, 239 Mich. 204, 213, 214 N. W. 316, 319
(1927).
Business injury such as unfair competition and tortious in-
terference with contract eventually developed into its own
standalone tort-law category, distinct from personal or prop-
erty injury. By the late 19th and early 20th centuries,
courts and commentators embraced the general principle
that "to interfere with a man's trade by a malicious act is
actionable" because it violates "a concrete right as distinct
as his right to his lands and chattels, one which imposes on
his fellows a correlative duty, the breach of which is a tort."
E. McClennen, Some of the Rights of Traders and Laborers,
16 Harv. L. Rev. 237, 237 -- 238, 241 (1903); cf. F. Cooke, The
Law of Combinations, Monopolies and Labor Unions (2d
ed. 1909). And by 1938, the First Restatement included a
division titled "Interference with Business Relations" that
630 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

described trade-related wrongs like unfair competition and
tortious interference with contract. See Restatement
(First) of Torts, div. 9.
In short, tort law has long distinguished personal-injury
suits from business-injury or property-injury suits. And
RICO incorporated that traditional distinction into the statu-
tory text. Like some of the States, Congress could have
decided to authorize RICO suits for any person who has been
"injured," period, which would have covered personal-injury
suits as well as business- or property-injury suits. See Ga.
Code Ann. -- 14 -- 6(c) (2024); Fla. Stat..104(1) (2023).
But Congress instead decided to limit civil RICO suits to
plaintiffs who have been "injured in" their "business or
property."
More specifcally, RICO's private right of action is avail-
able to a person who has suffered a business or property
injury "by reason of a violation" of RICO.. And
Page Proof Pending Publication
a RICO violation generally requires the defendant to have
engaged in a "pattern of racketeering activity," where "rack-
eteering activity" includes conduct chargeable as any of a
host of state- and federal-law crimes, such as money launder-
ing, extortion, and mail or wire fraud, to take some common
examples. ; see, (5). The question for a
court under civil RICO is simply whether the plaintiff was
"injured in his business or property by reason of " whatever
the defendant did to violate RICO..
One further important point: Under tort law, injury is dis-
tinct from the losses or damages that result from an injury.
Since before the Founding, courts have distinguished "in-
jury" from "damage." Uzuegbunam v. Preczewski, (2021) ). Stated simply, injury is "the
illegal invasion of a legal right; damage is the loss, hurt, or
harm which results from the injury." Ballentine's, at 303;
see Black's Law Dictionary 466 (rev. 4th ed. 1968).
 Cite as: (2025) 631

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

For example, negligently driving a car into a pedestrian
inficts a legal injury on the pedestrian -- wrongful invasion
of the pedestrian's physical safety. The pedestrian's losses
or damages resulting from the injury typically will include
his lost wages and medical expenses, among other things like
pain and suffering. The injury (the hit from the negligently
driven car) gives the pedestrian a right to sue; the lost
wages, medical expenses, and pain and suffering that follow
are damages that a plaintiff may be able to recover for the
injury. See Restatement (Second) of Torts, 912, Com-
ment a.
All of that means that when a victim suffers only a per-
sonal injury (such as from a car accident or defective prod-
uct), his lost wages and medical expenses are merely the
losses or damages that result from that personal injury, not
themselves a separate business or property injury -- that is,
not a distinct infringement of a legal right in one's business
or property.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Therefore, a victim who suffers only a personal injury "by
reason of " a RICO violation has not been "injured" in his
"business or property," even if that personal injury leads him
to lose wages or incur medical expenses. That victim may
not sue under RICO.
B
This Court's antitrust precedents further confrm that
RICO's exclusion of personal-injury suits means what it says
and cannot be circumvented by recharacterizing personal-
injury losses or damages (such as lost wages or medical
expenses) as their own standalone business or property
injuries.
By the time Congress enacted RICO in 1970, this Court
had already interpreted identical text in the antitrust laws -- 
"injured in his business or property" -- to adhere to the tra-
ditional tort-law understanding of business or property
injuries as distinct from personal injuries. Those prior anti-
632 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

trust holdings interpreting that same statutory language
carry weight both as a matter of precedent and because this
Court presumes that in enacting RICO, Congress adopted
"the interpretation federal courts had given the words ear-
lier Congresses had used" in the antitrust laws. Holmes v.
Securities Investor Protection Corporation, (1992); see, e. g., Agency Holding Corp. v. Malley-Duff &
Associates, Inc., (1987).
Enacted long before RICO, the Sherman and Clayton Acts
provided that any "person who shall be injured in his busi-
ness or property... by reason of " an antitrust violation may
"sue therefor" and "shall recover three fold the damages by
him sustained." Sherman Act, 26 Stat. 210 (1890) (em-
phasis added); see Clayton Act, 38 Stat. 731 (1914), as
amended, 15 U. S. C.. And in applying that statutory
text, the Court opined that "injured in his business or prop-
erty" had its traditional tort-law meaning.
The Court expressly said so in an antitrust price-fxing
Page Proof Pending Publication
case, Keogh v. Chicago & Northwestern R. Co., 
(1922). There, the Court accepted that the plaintiff "was
damaged" directly by the defendants' illegal conduct -- he
"lost the beneft of rates" that "he would have enjoyed" "but
for the conspiracy." Id., at 160, 162. But being "dam-
aged" -- suffering a loss -- was not what the statutory text de-
manded. The Sherman Act required legal injury. As the
Court put it, "Section 7 of the Anti-Trust Act" gave "a right
of action" only to "one who has been `injured in his business
or property.' Injury implies violation of a legal right."
Id., at 163.
In other words, the Keogh Court ruled that "injured" re-
ferred to the violation of a legal right, not to the harm or
damage resulting from the violation of a legal right. And
so the Court went on to determine whether the plaintiff had
been legally "injured" -- which, in Keogh, he had not.1
1
The Court does not offer a persuasive substantive response to what it
calls "century-old" precedent (i. e., case law from the time shortly after
the antitrust laws were enacted). The Court instead tries minimizing
 Cite as: (2025) 633

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

Therefore, for an antitrust plaintiff to be "injured in his
business or property," this Court and others have required
that the plaintiff be legally wronged in a business or prop-
erty interest as traditionally understood. See Chattanooga
Foundry, 203 U. S., at 396, 399; Gerli v. Silk Assn. of Am.,
36 F. 2d 959, 960 (SDNY 1929). The question is whether the
plaintiff's business or property rights were legally violated -- 
not whether the plaintiff suffered some sort of business or
property loss or damage from an injury.
In Reiter v. Sonotone Corp., the Court applied those basic
principles to hold that the antitrust laws "exclude personal
injuries." (1979). That is true, the Court
suggested, even when the personal injuries led to losses or
damages related to the plaintiff's business or property. As
its example of excluded personal injuries, the Court cited
Hamman v. United States, 267 F. Supp. 420 (Mont. 1967).
In Hamman, the plaintiffs had tried to evade the personal-
injury exclusion by contending that their property damage
Page Proof Pending Publication
from a personal injury itself qualifed as a distinct property
injury for purposes of the antitrust laws. Id., at 429, 432.
Under the antitrust laws, however, that argument does not
suffce, which is presumably why the Reiter Court cited
Hamman as exactly the kind of personal-injury suit that the
it. Ante, at 607,. But the requirement of legal injury is not a "single
sentence" from Keogh: It is the holding of Keogh -- a holding that has been
followed to the present day. Specifcally, the fxed rates in Keogh were
fled with and approved by the Interstate Commerce Commission. 260
U. S., at 160. The plaintiff suffered no "legal" "[i]njury" from rates ele-
vated by price-fxing because the regulator-approved rate was the "legal
rate." Id., at 163. In that circumstance, although the plaintiff suffered
a loss, there was no legal injury. Keogh's holding is plainly contrary to
the Court's test. And Keogh is not a one-off, as all of the other above
cases applying a legal-injury rule (especially Chattanooga Foundry &
Pipe Works v. Atlanta, (1906)) make clear. That is why this
Court has continued to reaffrm Keogh, going so far as to repeatedly call
it "settled law." Square D Co. v. Niagara Frontier Tariff Bureau, Inc.,
-- 417, 420, 422, 424 (1986); see, e. g., South Branch LLC
v. Commonwealth Edison Co., 46 F. 4th 646, 650 -- 652 (CA7 2022) (applying
Keogh's defnition to civil RICO).
634 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

antitrust laws exclude. 442 U. S., at 339. The Reiter
Court's citation to Hamman supports the conclusion that
damages to one's business or property from personal injuries
do not somehow magically transform those personal injuries
into distinct business or property injuries that can be alleged
in an antitrust suit.
To summarize: Antitrust law has long required plaintiffs
to allege business or property injuries, and has long excluded
suits for personal injuries. And critically, antitrust law has
defned "injured" as traditionally understood under tort
law -- that is, as an invasion of a legal right and distinct from
the losses or damages that ensue.2
RICO aims "to compensate the same type of injury" as the
antitrust laws; "each requires that a plaintiff show injury `in
his business or property by reason of ' a violation." Agency
Holding, 483 U. S., at 151. Those antitrust precedents
therefore strongly buttress the conclusion that RICO ex-
cludes personal-injury torts, regardless of what kinds of
Page Proof Pending Publication
losses or damages ensue. See, e. g., Gause v. Philip Morris,
2000 WL 34016343, *4 -- *5 (EDNY, Aug. 8, 2000) (rejecting
an attempt to reframe loss of income from emphysema as a
property injury under RICO).
In RICO, Congress surely did not copy verbatim antitrust
law's well-established business or property requirement in

2
The Court points to (1) the rule that paying higher-than-competitive
prices is an antitrust injury; and (2) a single conclusory line from one per
curiam opinion from the 1960s. Ante, at 606 -- 607. But the frst rule is
just the holding of Reiter, which specifcally relied on a 1906 legal-injury
precedent to hold that a payment induced at an illegal price is injury in
one's property. 442 U. S., at 340 ("A person whose property is diminished
by a payment of money wrongfully induced is injured in his property"
)). And as for the 1960s case, the Court there merely said that "all
the law requires" is damage to the plaintiff as compared to "economic
harm" to "the public at large." Radiant Burners, Inc. v. Peoples Gas
Light & Coke Co., -- 660 (1961) (per curiam) (quotation
marks omitted).
 Cite as: (2025) 635

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

order to silently convert ordinary personal-injury tort cases
into federal RICO lawsuits with treble damages available.

C
Third, even if the above textual and precedential points do
not themselves clinch the matter, the federalism canon
weighs heavily against reading RICO to encompass tradi-
tional personal-injury suits.
The federalism canon directs courts not to signifcantly
alter the federal-state balance absent "exceedingly clear lan-
guage" from Congress. Sackett v. EPA, 
(2023) (quotation marks omitted); see, e. g., Gregory v. Ash-
croft, (1991). If RICO covered personal
injuries that lead to lost wages and medical expenses, as
Horn advocates, then civil RICO would federalize huge
swaths of state tort law in a manner that Congress never
contemplated or authorized.
Page Proof Pending Publication
That reading would eviscerate the careful balance that
Congress struck when enacting RICO.3 Again, most
personal-injury torts lead to damages involving a loss of em-
ployment or income (such as lost wages) or loss of money
(such as medical expenses). Horn characterizes those dam-
ages as lost business or lost property. So if Horn's argu-
ment were accepted and RICO's exclusion of personal inju-
ries did not actually exclude most personal-injury tort suits,
then RICO would suddenly authorize a vast new category of
personal-injury suits seeking treble damages in federal
court. For example, plaintiffs could easily plead everyday
product liability claims as federal RICO claims, at least so
long as there were two or more instances of fraud that a
3
RICO authorizes both criminal prosecutions and civil actions by the
Government regardless of whether there has been any business or prop-
erty injury. See 18 U. S. C., 1964(a) -- (b). But Congress delib-
erately made a different choice for private suits, "cabining RICO's private
cause of action to particular kinds of injury." RJR Nabisco, Inc. v. Euro-
pean Community, (2016).
636 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

plaintiff could cast as a "pattern" of racketeering activity.
18 U. S. C. ; see Brief for Petitioners 25 -- 29; Brief for
Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America et al.
as Amici Curiae 19 -- 21.
Most state tort suits are personal-injury suits. And the
States assume an especially active role regarding the rules
of personal-injury cases, exercising their "traditional author-
ity to regulate tort actions." Wos v. E. M. A., (2013).
Interpreting civil RICO to allow plaintiffs to bypass those
state-law limits -- and to triple their damages in federal
court -- would supplant vast "areas of traditional state re-
sponsibility." Bond v. United States, 
(2014). In the antitrust context, this Court has emphasized
that the "maintenance in our federal system of a proper dis-
tribution between state and national governments" is "of far-
reaching importance," and an "intention to disturb the bal-
ance is not lightly to be imputed to Congress." Hunt v.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Crumboch, (1945) (quotation marks omitted).
So too with RICO. Indeed, the federalism concerns are
even greater with RICO than with antitrust. Few antitrust
violations are likely to infict personal injury on a plaintiff -- 
anticompetitive acts break laws, not legs. But "the breadth
of the predicate offenses" in RICO practically covers the wa-
terfront of personal-injury tort law. Sedima, S. P. R. L. v.
Imrex Co., (1985). So if RICO were inter-
preted as Horn suggests, RICO suits for treble damages in
federal court could supplant many everyday tort suits in
state court. Avoiding such seismic shifts in the federal-
state balance, Congress drew the critical RICO boundary at
issue here -- "cabining RICO's private cause of action to par-
ticular kinds of injury" and "excluding" "personal injuries."
RJR Nabisco, 579 U. S., at 350.

II
To sum up so far: When civil RICO employed the language
"injured in his business or property, " it broke no new
 Cite as: (2025) 637

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

ground. It incorporated well-established tort-law principles
and antitrust precedents in a straightforward way. If the
only injury (that is, invasion of a legal right) that a plaintiff
suffers is a personal injury, the plaintiff cannot recover under
civil RICO. And RICO does not allow access to its treble-
damages remedy by silently green-lighting personal-injury
suits that have downstream fnancial consequences like lost
wages or medical expenses. After all, most personal inju-
ries generate those downstream fnancial consequences. So
if RICO were interpreted in that way, it would federalize
signifcant swaths of state tort law, and substantially alter
the federal-state balance.
Despite all of that, the Court today agrees in part (with
some important caveats as discussed below) with plaintiff
Horn on this basic statutory issue and thereby circumvents
RICO's exclusion of personal injuries -- letting in through the
back door at least some of the personal-injury suits that
RICO's text bars at the threshold.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The Court's key mistake, in my view, is to employ an
ordinary-meaning defnition of the term "injured" rather
than its longstanding meaning as a term of art in American
tort law. As the Court sees it, the ordinary meaning of "in-
jured" simply is to have suffered harm or losses or damages.
Therefore, when a personal injury leads to harm or losses or
damages related to one's business or property, those down-
stream harms to business or property are actually their own
distinct business or property injuries for purposes of RICO.
So under that reasoning, many personal-injury suits seeking
treble damages can in fact be brought under RICO in federal
court. Voila.
A
To navigate around RICO's distinction between personal-
injury suits and business- or property-injury suits, and the
key point that injury is a longstanding tort-law term of art,
the Court stresses that RICO uses the term "injured" in-
stead of "injury." That single piece of "context," says the
Court, means that we should look to the ordinary meaning
638 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

of "injured" and that the traditional tort-law understand-
ing of injury does not carry over to RICO. Ante, at 603.
I am mystifed by the Court's attempt to hang its analytical
hat on such a thin distinction between "injured" and
"injury." After all, a person "injured" is a person who
has suffered an "[i]njury," a "violation of a legal right" -- that
is, the victim of a tort or wrong. Keogh v. Chicago & North-
western R. Co., (1922) (quotation marks
omitted); see, e. g., Chattanooga Foundry & Pipe Works
v. Atlanta, -- 399 (1906); Ziglar v. Abbasi,
(2017); Alabama Power Co. v. Ickes, (1938); Taylor v. Carryl, 20 How. 583, 599
(1858).
After reviewing a single dictionary defnition of "injured,"
the Court concludes that the term "injured," as distinct from
"injury," has no specialized legal meaning. From there, the
Court says that it "is hard to make a term-of-art argument
without the term of art." Ante, at 603. But the Court's
Page Proof Pending Publication
nifty turn of phrase has no substance behind it. Every one
of the Court's dictionaries -- its legal dictionaries, and even
its generalist ones -- includes the rights-violation defnition of
"injure" or "injured," not just of "injury." See Ballentine's,
at 627 ("injured party"); Black's, at 924 (to "injure"); Web-
ster's New International Dictionary 1111 (1913) ("injured");
American Heritage Dictionary 676 (1969) (to "injure"); Web-
ster's Third New International Dictionary 1164 (1971) ("in-
jured"). Those sources do not draw the distinction that the
Court creates in order to avoid RICO's exclusion of per-
sonal injuries.4

4
Meanwhile, the Court's cited defnition for "injury in his property" is
nearly identical to this Court's test for "injured in his property" in anti-
trust, the part of speech notwithstanding. Compare Ballentine's, at 627
("An injury to his property; also the diminishing of his property by a
transfer of property, or a payment of money, induced by fraud"), with
Chattanooga Foundry, 203 U. S., at 396, 398 -- 399 (either "injury to prop-
erty" or "a payment of money wrongfully induced").
 Cite as: (2025) 639

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

Simply put, the Court's attempt to fnd a key difference
between "injured" and "injury" rings hollow. And the
Court's textual gymnastics do not end there. If the Court
were correct that injured simply means having suffered
harm or losses or damages, then the statutory term "in-
jured" would refer to the same thing as the statutory term
"damages." But the statute distinguishes "injured" from
"damages" and makes clear they are not the same thing.
See ("Any person injured in his business or prop-
erty by reason of a violation" of RICO "shall recover three-
fold the damages he sustains" ). The text
instead makes clear that damages are the losses that a victim
sustains from an injury.
Faced with the problem that its defnition of injured refers
to the same thing as damages in this statute, the Court sim-
ply redefnes "damages" not to mean losses, but rather to
mean only "monetary redress" to be paid for the losses.
Ante, at 603 -- 604.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The Court is surely correct that "damages" can mean (i)
losses suffered or (ii) monetary redress from a lawsuit for
those losses. In fact, the term "damages" is often used in
both ways. But in this statutory context, only the former
defnition -- losses -- makes any sense. As used in the RICO
statute, "damages" are something that a victim "sustains."
And the term "sustains" means to "experience or suffer (loss
or injury)." American Heritage, at 1296. A plaintiff can-
not suffer or sustain "monetary redress," as the Court seems
to think. But he can sustain losses.
So the term "damages" in RICO means losses, but that is
exactly what the Court says the term "injured" means. The
Court affords the same meaning to those different terms.
In this context, that is another clue that the Court's analysis
of the term "injured" has gone off track.5
5
To be sure, when a plaintiff recovers the damages, he has obtained
"monetary redress." But that is because of the statutory word "recover."
Nor is it odd, as the Court seems to think, for a statute to say that a
640 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

In short, to reach its conclusion that RICO allows
personal-injury suits involving losses or damages to business
or property, the Court reasons that "injured" means some-
thing different from "injury." And it changes the statutory
defnition of "damages" to avoid that word carrying the same
meaning as the Court's reading of "injured." Neither of
those efforts is persuasive or permissible as an interpreta-
tion of RICO's text, in my view.
The correct reading is instead the textually straightfor-
ward one: A person "injured in his business or property" is
a person who has suffered injury in a business or property
right as traditionally defned -- the violation of a legal right
in his business or property. Keogh, 260 U. S., at 163. Civil
RICO allows a person to "recover damages" if the damages

plaintiff can "recover" his losses or damages. Allowing a plaintiff to "re-
cover" the "damages" sustained -- where "damages" unambiguously means
losses suffered -- is a formulation used in countless other statutes and
Page Proof Pending Publication
cases. For example, "[w]hen an owner of a passenger motor vehicle sus-
tains damages as a result of a motor vehicle accident because the vehicle
did not comply with" certain standards, "the owner may bring a civil ac-
tion against the manufacturer to recover the damages." 49 U. S. C.. If a person "purchase[s] or sell[s] any security at a price which
was affected" by certain manipulation, "the person so injured may sue...
to recover the damages sustained as a result of any such act or transac-
tion." 15 U. S. C.. And even specifcally in antitrust, a "claimant"
means a person bringing a civil action except for a State "with respect to
a civil action brought to recover damages sustained by the State." 15
U. S. C.. See also, e. g., Missouri, K. & T. R. Co. v. Haber, (1898) ("object was to recover the damages sustained by the plain-
tiff... by reason of the defendants having brought... certain cattle
alleged to have been" infected with "Spanish fever"); Tindle v. Birkett,
(1907) ("an action brought in 1899 to recover damages
claimed to have been sustained in consequence of specifed false and fraud-
ulent representations"); Great Northern R. Co. v. Sullivan, (1935) ("if injured thereby, plaintiff is entitled to recover the damages
sustained in consequence of [the defendant's] failure"); Construction Work-
ers v. Laburnum Constr. Corp., (1954) ("the recovery of
damages caused by tortious conduct").
 Cite as: (2025) 641

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

result from a business or property injury, but not if the dam-
ages result from a personal injury. Id., at 162.6

B
The Court also contends that precedent compels us to read
"injured" as meaning "harmed or damaged," not as a tort-
law term of art meaning invasion of a legal right. Ante, at
601; see ante, at 604 -- 606. But the Court does not cite any
cases actually holding as much. Instead, the Court offers
out-of-context citations of isolated mentions of "harm" in
other cases.
In relying on passages pulled out of context from judicial
opinions, the Court makes the mistake of parsing "the lan-
guage of an opinion" "as though we were dealing with lan-
guage of a statute." Reiter v. Sonotone Corp., (1979). The Court seizes in particular on the word
"harm," which is not in the RICO statute. The Court says
Page Proof Pending Publication
that injury simply means harm as ordinarily understood.
So any harm to business or property is its own distinct busi-
ness or property injury, the Court says. But that is wrong
as a matter of elementary tort law. As the Restatement
plainly says, "harm, which is merely personal loss or detri-
ment, gives rise to a cause of action only when it results
from the invasion of a legally protected interest, which is to
6
In a footnote, the Court apparently also endorses Horn's fallback argu-
ment: According to the Court, even if "injured" refers to the violation of
a legal right, that is no problem so long as the legal right is the right
"against business or property harms that result from racketeering activ-
ity." Ante, at 602, ; see Brief for Respondent 24. But being "injured"
is an element of the RICO private right of action. If "injured" means
violation of a legal right, then the right being violated cannot be the right
to not suffer from a RICO violation. (That theory would be just as circu-
lar as it sounds.) The rights violations have to be defned somewhere
else -- and so they are, by "general common-law" tort principles of "legal
injury." Bridge v. Phoenix Bond & Indemnity Co., 
(2008).
642 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

say an injury." Restatement (Second) of Torts, Com-
ment d.7
Moreover, contrary to the Court's telling, multiple civil
RICO precedents confrm that to be "injured" in civil RICO
means to have suffered "legal injury," not merely to have
suffered harm or loss or damage of some kind. Bridge
v. Phoenix Bond & Indemnity Co., 
(2008). In Bridge, for example, the Court explained that
whether an element is required in order to state a civil RICO
claim turns on whether that element is necessary to show
"legally cognizable injury" under "general common-law
principle[s]." Ibid.8 In Beck v. Prupis, the Court likewise
held that when civil RICO says that anyone "injured" by
reason of a "violation" may sue, it means that a plaintiff may
recover only if "injured" by a "violation" under "well-
7
The Court also cites an extraterritoriality case, Yegiazaryan v.
Smagin, (2023). But its reading of that case is puzzling.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Yegiazaryan held that we must apply the presumption against extraterri-
toriality, rather than a specifc rule from the First Restatement of Confict
of Laws, to determine whether and to what extent RICO applies abroad.
In other words, rather than any particular confict-of-laws rules, RICO
incorporates our usual, across-the-board extraterritoriality test for federal
torts -- the "presumption against extraterritoriality, with its distinctive
concerns for comity and discerning congressional meaning." Id., at 547 -- 
548. Nothing about that case suggests we should not also apply our other
usual rule for federal torts -- "the premise that when Congress creates a
federal tort it adopts the background of general tort law." Staub v. Proc-
tor Hospital, (2011).
8
The Court quotes Bridge but omits the frst part of the sentence.
Bridge held that "predicate acts under RICO" need not be "actionable
under the common law" so long as they are chargeable under RICO's
list of state or federal crimes. 553 U. S., at 652 (emphasis added and quo-
tation marks omitted). In other words, the part of Bridge that the
Court quotes says that predicate acts need to be crimes, not torts. But
when it came to determining whether a plaintiff suffered "legal injury"
from those predicate acts, Bridge made clear that what matters is the
"general common-law principle[s]" of tort liability. Id., at 656.
 Cite as: (2025) 643

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

established common law" principles. -- 501,
506 (2000).9
Those Bridge and Beck precedents directly contradict the
Court's test today that RICO's private right of action "re-
quires nothing more" than that a plaintiff's "business or
property has been harmed or damaged. " Ante, at 601.
Under this Court's precedents, more is certainly required.
Specifcally, the plaintiff must have suffered a business or
property injury as those terms are understood under general
tort principles -- meaning an invasion of a legal right in his
business or property.
C
The Court further says that distinguishing personal inju-
ries from business or property injuries, as the text of RICO
requires, would be diffcult at times. To be sure, as with
almost everything in the law, there may be close calls at the
margins -- here, about whether a plaintiff plausibly alleges a
Page Proof Pending Publication
business or property injury as distinct from a personal in-
jury. But that inquiry is at least a familiar judicial exercise.
Cf. United States v. Burke, (1992); see also,
e. g., Willard v. Moneta Bldg. Supply, Inc., 262 Va. 473, 482,
551 S. E. 2d 596, 600 (2001) ("applicable statute of limita-
tions" turns on "the type of injury alleged"). And the com-
monplace reality of some close calls does not mean that we
can or should disregard Congress's textual limitation on the
kinds of injury that a plaintiff must allege -- and ultimately
prove -- in order to recover under RICO.

9
And on other RICO-related interpretive issues as well, this Court's
cases have read civil RICO "to incorporate common-law principles."
Holmes v. Securities Investor Protection Corporation, -- 
267 (1992) (relying on Associated Gen. Contractors of Cal., Inc. v. Carpen-
ters, -- 534 (1983)); see also Anza v. Ideal Steel Supply
Corp., (2006); Hemi Group, LLC v. City of New York,
(2010).
644 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

The Court also focuses incessantly on a scenario where, as
sometimes happens, a single episode results in injuries both
to one's person and to one's business or property. Some
kinds of wrongful acts can cause the invasion of multiple
legal rights -- for example, a car accident might damage the
car (property injury) and physically harm the driver (per-
sonal injury). See generally W. Loyd, Actions Arising Out
of Injury to Both Person and Property, 60 U. Pa. L. Rev. 531
(1912); contra, ante, at 609, (resisting dividing negligence
actions along these lines). In those scenarios, civil RICO
allows recovery for the business or property injury (assum-
ing RICO's other requirements are met), but not the per-
sonal injury.
I therefore agree with the Court -- and so does defendant
Medical Marijuana -- that civil RICO allows for recovery any
time a defendant has "invaded the plaintiff's business or
property rights," "even if the plaintiff also suffered a per-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sonal injury." Brief for Petitioners 34 -- 35; see Reply Brief
7. As defendant Medical Marijuana acknowledges, and I too
agree, if a defendant's act causes both personal and property
injuries to another, then civil RICO "allows suit for the"
"property injury" but not the "personal injury," no matter
which came frst. Reply Brief 8.
In other words, neither Medical Marijuana nor I actually
adopt the position the Court today labels as the "antecedent-
personal-injury bar." Ante, at 599, 609. Under that sup-
posed bar, RICO would "implicitly" exclude any business or
property injuries whenever they follow a personal injury.
Ante, at 599. But by repeatedly criticizing that supposed
rule, the Court invents and knocks down a straw man. So
just to be crystal clear, I agree with the Court (as does de-
fendant Medical Marijuana) that if the plaintiff at some point
also suffered a personal injury in addition to a business or
property injury, the plaintiff can still recover damages for
the business or property injury.
 Cite as: (2025) 645

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

Consider the Court's hypotheticals. They are supposed
to show that the so-called "antecedent-personal-injury bar"
would bar recovery and lead to untenable results in certain
cases. But in almost all of them, the rule that defendant
Medical Marijuana proposes (and I agree with) would allow
recovery, not bar it. Indeed, they are not close calls. Why
does Tony Soprano "injure" a victim in his property by ex-
tracting a computer password through violence and then
using it to drain a bank account? Because he has committed
at least two traditional wrongs: battery on the password
holder and conversion of the money. Restatement (Second)
of Torts, 222. A mobster who assaults a carwash
owner in order to force him to do business with the mob
"intentionally and improperly interferes" with the owner's
right to do business with whom he pleases. Id., 766B; cf. id., 912, Comment d (no business injury
from lost profts after a personal injury "unless the harm to
the business was intended"); contra, ante, at 601. And when
Page Proof Pending Publication
a fraudster or a kidnapper uses deceit or extortion to obtain
money, the victim parts with it because he "has been de-
frauded or subjected to duress, or whatever it may be" -- 
in other words, "injured in his property." Chattanooga
Foundry, 203 U. S., at 399.
The correct rule therefore remains the one that civil RICO
expressly provides: In a RICO suit, a plaintiff can recover
"damages" from a "business or property" injury, but not
damages from a personal injury.

III
Now, we get to the important juncture where the Court
diverges from plaintiff Horn in terms of what RICO plaintiffs
may recover in personal-injury suits.
Plaintiff Horn seeks a rule that would blatantly circum-
vent RICO's exclusion of personal-injury suits. In Horn's
world, plaintiffs could routinely bring RICO claims for per-
646 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

sonal injuries from drug mislabeling, dangerous products,
medical malpractice, car accidents, and health consequences
from pollution, to name a few. As Horn sees it, "injured"
means to have experienced a loss, and losing money via lost
wages or medical expenses always entails being "injured" in
one's business or property. See Reiter v. Sonotone Corp.,
(1979) ("Money, of course, is a form of prop-
erty"). Therefore, plaintiffs could routinely repackage
many state personal-injury suits as RICO suits (so long as
the defendant committed two or more predicate acts) and
obtain treble recovery for medical expenses, lost wages, and
other pecuniary losses. The only kind of damages that Horn
would exclude are non-economic damages like pain and
suffering.10
Plaintiff Horn's approach would dramatically expand civil
RICO and allow plaintiffs to seize on RICO to replace ordi-
nary state-law tort suits. Plaintiffs could convert, for exam-
ple, everyday product liability claims into RICO mass-tort
Page Proof Pending Publication
class actions and multi-district litigation where plaintiffs
might now seek recovery of triple their lost wages and triple
their medical expenses.
Horn's game-changing rule would likely produce signif-
cant cascading effects on the American economy and federal
and state court systems. American businesses facing novel
RICO suits with treble damages would incur signifcantly
increased litigation exposure and corresponding settlement
pressure. Their insurance premiums would rise. And all
10
Plaintiff Horn says that his rule is consistent with the Ninth Circuit's.
But in Diaz v. Gates, the Ninth Circuit specifcally rejected confating
"mere loss of something of value (such as wages) with injury to a property
interest (such as the right to earn wages)." 420 F. 3d 897, 900, (2005)
(en banc). And that court held that the plaintiff's harms could give rise
to a RICO claim because they "amount[ed] to intentional interference with
contract and interference with prospective business relations." Id., at
900. So the Ninth Circuit's rule is distinct from the rules advocated by
plaintiff Horn and the Court today, which reject any reliance on tort law
or legal injury.
 Cite as: (2025) 647

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

of those costs would mean higher prices for consumers, and
fewer jobs and lower wages for workers. In short, the ef-
fects of Horn's rule would likely be dramatic, as Medical Mar-
ijuana and its amici explain. See Brief for DRI Center for
Law and Public Policy et al. as Amici Curiae 20 -- 22; Brief
for Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America
et al. as Amici Curiae 22 -- 23.
Where is the Court on all of this? Having accepted plain-
tiff Horn's basic statutory argument, the Court declines to
accept all the implications of that position. Instead, the
Court stops short and does not (yet) go as far as Horn would.
After agreeing with Horn that RICO does not exclude what
are traditional personal-injury suits, the Court does not (for
now) adopt Horn's view that lost wages and medical ex-
penses are "necessarily" recoverable. Ante, at 613. The
Court instead suggests that lost wages (as distinct from lost
profts) may not necessarily be a business loss, and pecuniary
Page Proof Pending Publication
losses such as medical expenses may not necessarily be a
property loss.
It is good that the Court pulls back from the precipice and
does not adopt Horn's argument in full. In particular, the
Court seems to recognize that it would border on the absurd
to adopt Horn's position in full and interpret RICO to feder-
alize (and allow treble damages for) such a large number of
otherwise standard personal-injury tort suits.
But instead of simply interpreting RICO not to authorize
suits for personal injuries, as the statutory text says and as
I would do, the Court still sticks partway with Horn and his
overly broad interpretation of the statutory text. The
Court then backflls to avoid some of the absurd implications
of that position by emphasizing certain statutory limitations
on RICO suits and then leaving other questions unanswered
for now.
For example, the Court stresses that proximate cause is
strictly cabined in the RICO context, requiring a direct rela-
tionship, not mere foreseeability. Ante, at 612; see Hemi
648 MEDICAL MARIJUANA, INC. v. HORN

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

Group, LLC v. City of New York, (2010); Anza
v. Ideal Steel Supply Corp., (2006); Holmes
v. Securities Investor Protection Corporation, -- 267 (1992). The Court helpfully suggests, moreover,
that Horn's suit will not clear that direct-relationship bar,
saying that it may pose an "insurmountable obstacle"
to Horn's continuing this suit. Ante, at 612 -- 613. And the
Court notes that RICO does not allow suits for a single tort,
but requires a "pattern of racketeering activity." Ante,
at 613.
I welcome those limits, and I appreciate that they may
mitigate some of the potential consequences of the Court's
overbroad statutory interpretation.
But the Court then does not answer a signifcant real-
world question spawned by its expansive statutory interpre-
tation: can civil RICO plaintiffs claim lost wages and medical
expenses as business or property injuries? Lower courts
Page Proof Pending Publication
will have to resolve the question that the Court's opinion
does not answer. All of the above text, context, and history
should counsel against interpreting RICO to cover classic
damages like lost wages and medical expenses resulting
solely from personal injuries. But at least until the Court
squarely holds that lost wages and medical expenses are not
recoverable, the Court's opinion will leave a good deal of un-
certainty for the lower courts to address. The Court's opin-
ion will generate far more confusion and litigation than sim-
ply reading the statute as written -- as the Sixth, Seventh,
and Eleventh Circuits have done -- in light of the basic tort-
law principles regarding injury that Congress incorporated
into civil RICO.
The Court says: "You can't replace something with noth-
ing." Ante, at 608. But the Court does not heed its own
admonition. Today, the Court replaces a statutory limit de-
rived from centuries of tort law with a punt that will leave
substantial confusion and litigation in its wake.
 Cite as: (2025) 649

Kavanaugh, J., dissenting

* * *
This case should have been reasonably straightforward.
RICO does not authorize personal-injury suits -- period.
That is true even when a personal injury leads to losses re-
lated to one's business or property, as personal injuries often
do. The Court's decision to allow personal-injury suits
under RICO is mistaken as a matter of statutory text and
context. And the Court's failure to decide the lost-wages
and medical-expenses questions will undoubtedly produce
signifcant confusion and litigation in the lower courts, all of
which is wasteful and unnecessary -- and contrary to Con-
gress's decision to categorically exclude personal-injury suits
from civil RICO. I respectfully dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 1
Pages 1 -- 37

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
April 29, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 CASES ADJUDGED
IN THE

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
AT

OCTOBER TERM, 2024

ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER et al. v.
KENNEDY, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN
SERVICES

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
Page Proof Pending Publication
the district of columbia circuit
No. 23 -- 715. Argued November 5, 2024 -- Decided April 29, 2025
When hospitals provide inpatient services to Medicare benefciaries, the
Medicare program pays those hospitals a fxed rate for treating each Medi-
care patient. See 42 U. S. C. (1) -- (4). Congress also pro-
vides various hospital-specifc rate adjustments, including the "dispropor-
tionate share hospital" (DSH) adjustment, which offers additional funding
to hospitals that treat a high percentage of low-income patients. To cal-
culate the DSH adjustment, the Department of Health and Human Serv-
ices (HHS) adds together two statutorily prescribed fractions referred
to as the Medicare fraction and the Medicaid fraction. 
(5)(F)(vi). The Medicare fraction "represents the proportion of a hospi-
tal's Medicare patients who have low incomes," and the Medicaid frac-
tion "represents the proportion of a hospital's patients who are not enti-
tled to Medicare and have low incomes." Becerra v. Empire Health
Foundation, for Valley Hospital Medical Center, -- 430.
When the Medicare fraction is expressed as a percentage and added to
the Medicaid fraction's percentage, the sum yields the disproportionate
patient percentage. (5)(F)(vi). That percentage, in turn,
determines whether a hospital will receive a DSH adjustment -- and if
so, how much.
1
2 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Syllabus

Relevant here, the numerator of the Medicare fraction is defned by
the statute as "the number of [a] hospital's patient days" attributable to
patients "who (for such days) were entitled to benefts under [Medicare]
part A" and "entitled to supplementary security income [SSI] benefts... under subchapter XVI." (5)(F)(vi)(I). This Court in
Empire Health has held that the phrase " `entitled to [Medicare Part A]
benefts' " in the Medicare fraction includes "all those qualifying for the
program, regardless of whether they are receiving Medicare payments
for part or all of a hospital stay." 597 U. S., at 445 (5)(F)(vi)(I); alteration in original). But the Court has not addressed
the issue presented in this case -- i. e., which patients count as being
"entitled to [SSI] benefts... under subchapter XVI." HHS interprets
the language to mean patients who are entitled to receive an SSI pay-
ment during the month in which they were hospitalized. Petitioners -- 
a group of more than 200 hospitals -- insist that the phrase includes all
patients enrolled in the SSI system at the time of their hospitalization,
even if they were not entitled to an SSI payment during their month of
hospitalization. The hospitals claim that, as a result of HHS's misinter-
pretation of the phrase, HHS miscalculated the hospitals' DSH adjust-
ment and underfunded the hospitals from 2006 to 2009. The hospitals

Page Proof Pending Publication
have lost at every stage of this litigation, including most recently before
the D. C. Circuit. The D. C. Circuit concluded that SSI benefts in "sub-
chapter XVI [are] about cash payments for needy individuals," and that
"it makes little sense to say that individuals are `entitled' to the beneft
in months when they are not even eligible for [a payment]." Advocate
Christ Medical Center v. Becerra, 80 F. 4th 346, 352 -- 353. The Court
granted certiorari.
Held: In calculating the Medicare fraction, an individual is "entitled to
[SSI] benefts" for purposes of the Medicare fraction when she is eligible
to receive an SSI cash payment during the month of her hospitalization.
Pp. 10 -- 20.
(a) SSI benefts are cash benefts. See 42 U. S. C. ch. 7, subch. XVI.
Section 1381a, which describes the basic entitlement to benefts, pro-
vides that "[e]very... individual who is determined... to be eligible
on the basis of his income and resources shall... be paid benefts."
(Emphasis added.) The word "paid" connotes cash. Section 1382(b)(1),
which specifes the amount that the Social Security Administration must
pay to eligible individuals, states that the benefts "shall be payable
at the rate of [specifc dollar amounts]." A beneft quantifed in dollar
amounts is plainly a cash beneft. Similarly, subchapter XVI's codifed
statement of purpose is "to provide supplemental security income to
individuals.".
 Cite as: (2025) 3

Syllabus

Just as subchapter XVI makes clear that SSI benefts are cash bene-
fts, it also establishes that eligibility for such benefts is determined
on a monthly basis. Section 1382(c)(1) provides that "[a]n individual's
eligibility for a beneft under this subchapter for a month shall be deter-
mined" based on the individual's "income, resources, and other relevant
characteristics in such month." The statute's reference to termination
of benefts also refers back to months of ineligibility, stating that an
individual must reapply for the program after she has been "ineligible
for benefts... for a period of 12 consecutive months." (1)(B).
Finally, although subchapter XVI speaks primarily in terms of eligi-
bility for SSI benefts, the Medicare fraction focuses on whether an
individual is entitled to such benefts. Nothing turns on this difference.
In Empire Health, the Court treated the word "entitled" in the Medi-
care statute as synonymous with "qualifying" for or "being eligible...
for benefts." 597 U. S., at 435. This case also involves the Medicare
fraction, so the Court follows the same course. Because eligibility for
an SSI payment is determined on a monthly basis, an individual is con-
sidered "entitled to [SSI] benefts" for purposes of the Medicare fraction
when she is eligible for such benefts during the month of her hospital-
ization. Pp. 10 -- 12.

Page Proof Pending Publication
(b) The hospitals' broader reading of "entitled to [SSI] benefts" fails.
Pp. 12 -- 20.
(1) While the hospitals characterize SSI benefts as including non-
cash benefts -- e. g., vocational rehabilitation services and continued
Medicaid coverage -- these noncash benefts do not ft the description
of a "supplementa[l] security income" beneft. (5)(F)(vi)(I). Further, none of the noncash benefts identifed by
the hospitals is housed "under subchapter XVI." Ibid. (empha-
sis added). The hospitals' reliance on the Ticket to Work and Self-
Suffciency Program falls short for this reason. Nor do any of subchap-
ter XVI's other references to vocational rehabilitation services confer
an SSI beneft. Rather, 's references to certain services point
to benefts housed elsewhere, but not within subchapter XVI.
The hospitals' reliance on continued Medicaid coverage pursuant to
also falls fat. In most States, eligibility for SSI benefts
qualifes an individual for Medicaid coverage. While losing SSI benefts
generally means losing Medicaid coverage, allows certain peo-
ple ineligible for SSI benefts in a given month to be treated as if they
remain eligible for SSI benefts so that they can continue receiving Med-
icaid. But, which by its terms applies only to Medicaid (i. e.,
"subchapter XIX"), simply aids in the administration of the Medicaid
program. It does not create an SSI beneft. Pp. 13 -- 15.
4 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Syllabus

(2) The hospitals advance a second argument that eligibility for SSI
benefts -- even for purely cash benefts -- begins when a person enters
the SSI system and continues until the individual is ineligible for an SSI
payment for 12 consecutive months. While it is true that a person frst
applying for benefts must disclose her income "rate" "for the calendar
year," (1)(A), that "calendar year" income does not render her
eligible for SSI benefts, nor does it establish that SSI benefts operate
in intervals with a duration longer than one month. Instead, the stat-
ute clearly directs eligibility decisions to be made monthly based on "the
individual's... income, resources, and other relevant characteristics in
such month.". Nor does the reapplication
requirement change the nature of eligibility. Under (1)(B), a
once-eligible individual must submit a new application after she has
been "ineligible for benefts... for a period of 12 consecutive months."
That provision does not state that a person remains eligible during this
period; it states that a person who "was an eligible individual" at one
point must reapply after 12 consecutive months of ineligibility.
(1)(A).
The hospitals also assert that Empire Health supports their theory
that being "entitled to [SSI] benefts" means that a patient is entitled
to SSI benefts even if she does not qualify for a payment during the
Page Proof Pending Publication
month of hospitalization. Not so. Just as Empire Health turned on
the specifc features of Medicare Part A, this case turns on the specifc
features of SSI benefts under subchapter XVI. Unlike Medicare Part
A, which provides automatic, ongoing health insurance that "never goes
away" absent diminished disability, Empire Health, 597 U. S., at 437,
SSI benefts require recipients to apply for and be deemed eligible for
benefts, and recipients can (and do) fuctuate in and out of eligibility
based on monthly income and resources. Consistency with Empire
Health's beneft-focused analysis thus requires the Court to recognize
and give effect to the differences between Medicare Part A and SSI
benefts. Pp. 15 -- 18.
(3) Finally, invoking statutory purpose, the hospitals argue that
their broad reading of "entitled to [SSI] benefts" better advances Con-
gress's goal of providing additional funds to hospitals that serve a dis-
proportionately high percentage of needy Medicare patients. But "[n]o
statute pursues a single policy at all costs," Bartenwerfer v. Buckley, and the Court must respect the specifc formula that
Congress prescribed. Pp. 18 -- 20.
80 F. 4th 346, affrmed.

Barrett, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Alito, Kagan, Gorsuch, and Kavanaugh, JJ., joined.
 Cite as: (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

Jackson, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Sotomayor, J., joined,
post, p. 20.

Melissa Arbus Sherry argued the cause for petitioners.
With her on the briefs were Hyland Hunt, Ruthanne M.
Deutsch, Daniel F. Miller, Sara J. MacCarthy, Heather D.
Mogden, Eric J. Konopka, Jordan R. Goldberg, and Maureen
O'Brien Griffn.
Ephraim A. McDowell argued the cause for respondent.
With him on the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar,
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton,
Deputy Solicitor General Kneedler, Mark B. Stern, and
Stephanie R. Marcus.*
Justice Barrett delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Medicare program, which provides health insurance to
elderly or disabled Americans, is governed by a notoriously
complex statute. Unsurprisingly, then, the provision at
Page Proof Pending Publication
issue in this case is highly technical: It prescribes a percent-
age used to calculate the rate that the Government will pay
a hospital that treats a disproportionate share of low-income
Medicare patients. The percentage is determined by the
sum of two fractions -- the so-called Medicare fraction and
Medicaid fraction. Relevant here, the numerator of the
Medicare fraction counts the number of patient days attrib-
utable to Medicare patients who were "entitled to benefts
under [Medicare] part A" and were "entitled to supplemen-
tary security income benefts... under subchapter XVI."
42 U. S. C. (5)(F)(vi)(I).
In Becerra v. Empire Health Foundation, for Valley Hos-
pital Medical Center, we held that the phrase " `entitled to

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the American
Hospital Association et al. by Morgan L. Ratner; and for Twenty-Six State
and Regional Hospital Associations by Robert L. Roth, Kelly A. Carroll,
Sven C. Collins, and Lloyd A. Bookman.
Alan J. Sedley fled a brief for the Empire Health Foundation as ami-
cus curiae.
6 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Opinion of the Court

[Medicare Part A] benefts' " includes "all those qualifying
for the program, regardless of whether they are receiving
Medicare payments for part or all of a hospital stay." (2022) (5)(F)(vi)(I); alter-
ation in original). We did not decide, however, what it
means to be "entitled to supplementary security income ben-
efts... under subchapter XVI." (5)(F)(vi)(I).
Today, we hold that a person is entitled to such benefts when
she is eligible to receive a cash payment during the month
of her hospitalization.
I
The Medicare program reimburses hospitals that pro-
vide inpatient services to Medicare beneficiaries. See. As a rule, the "program pays a hospital a fxed
rate for treating each Medicare patient, based on the pa-
tient's diagnosis," which is "designed to refect the amounts
an effciently run hospital, in the same region, would expend
Page Proof Pending Publication
to treat a patient with the same diagnosis." Id., at 429 (cit-
ing (1) -- (4) and 42 CFR.2 (2022)). Because
the fxed-rate payment is provided "regardless of the hospi-
tal's actual costs," it "gives hospitals an incentive to provide
effcient levels of medical service." Empire Health, 597
U. S., at 429.
Congress also "provided for various hospital-specifc rate
adjustments -- including the one at issue here for treating
low-income patients." Ibid. That adjustment is called the
"disproportionate share hospital" (DSH) adjustment, which
provides "hospitals serving an `unusually high percentage of
low-income patients' enhanced Medicare payments." Ibid.
). This adjustment accounts for the fact
that "low-income individuals are often more expensive to
treat than higher income ones, even for the same medical
conditions." Empire Health, 597 U. S., at 429. The en-
hanced payment incentivizes hospitals to treat low-income
patients. See ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

In Empire Health, we described the DSH adjustment in
great detail, so here, we will be brief. To calculate a hospi-
tal's DSH adjustment, the Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS) adds together "two statutorily described
fractions, usually called the Medicare fraction and the Medic-
aid fraction." Ibid.; see (5)(F)(vi). Together,
these fractions are "designed to capture two different low-
income populations that a hospital serves." Id., at 429.
The "Medicare fraction represents the proportion of a hospi-
tal's Medicare patients who have low incomes, as identifed
by their entitlement to supplementary security income (SSI)
benefts." Id., at 429 -- 430. And "[t]he Medicaid fraction
represents the proportion of a hospital's patients who are not
entitled to Medicare and have low incomes, as identifed by
their eligibility for Medicaid." Id., at 430.
Like Empire Health, this case concerns the Medicare frac-
tion, which is defned as:

Page Proof
"the fraction Pending
(expressed Publication
as a percentage), the numerator
of which is the number of such hospital's patient days
for such period which were made up of patients who (for
such days) were entitled to benefts under part A of this
subchapter and were entitled to supplementary security
income benefts (excluding any State supplementation)
under subchapter XVI of this chapter, and the denomi-
nator of which is the number of such hospital's patient
days for such fscal year which were made up of patients
who (for such days) were entitled to benefts under part
A of this subchapter." (5)(F)(vi)(I).1
In plainer English, the Medicare fraction works like this:
The numerator counts "the number of patient days attribut-

1
Although the Medicare fraction employs the phrase "supplementary
security income," (5)(F)(vi)(I), subchapter
XVI refers to this beneft as "supplemental security income," (em-
phasis added). Despite the slight variation in wording, these two phrases
refer to the same beneft.
8 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Opinion of the Court

able to Medicare patients who are poor" -- i. e., those Medi-
care patients who are entitled to SSI benefts under subchap-
ter XVI. Id., at 430. The denominator counts "the number
of patient days attributable to all Medicare patients." Ibid.
When the Medicare fraction is expressed as a percentage and
added to the Medicaid fraction's percentage, the sum of
the two yields the " `disproportionate patient percentage.' "
(5)(F)(vi). The resulting percentage "deter-
mines whether a hospital will receive a DSH adjustment" -- 
and if so, how much. Id., at 431. "The higher the
disproportionate-patient percentage," the more funding a
hospital receives. Id., at 432 (5)
(F)(vii) -- (xiv)).
For purposes of this case, the key phrase in the Medicare
fraction is "entitled to supplementary security income bene-
fts... under subchapter XVI." (5)(F)(vi)(I).
Supplemental security income is "a subsistence allowance"
offered to the country's "needy aged, blind, and disabled."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Schweiker v. Wilson, (1981); see also 
(describing subchapter XVI as a "national program to pro-
vide supplemental security income to individuals who have
attained age 65 or are blind or disabled"). HHS interprets
the relevant text to refer to patients who are "entitled to
receive SSI benefts during the month" in which they were
hospitalized. 75 Fed. Reg. 50281 (2010).2

2
To calculate the number of people eligible for SSI benefts in a particu-
lar month, HHS obtains data from the Social Security Administration
(SSA) that seeks to "captur[e] all SSI-entitled individuals during the
month(s) that they are entitled to receive SSI benefts." 75 Fed. Reg.
50281. SSA collects this data by identifying certain "status codes" that
indicate whether a person was entitled to SSI benefts during a particular
month. Ibid. As part of a 2010 rulemaking, HHS evaluated various
codes used by SSA and concluded that three codes (C01, M01, and M02)
capture the relevant population of those entitled to a monthly SSI cash
beneft. Ibid. Code C01 represents SSI enrollees who receive an auto-
matic cash payment, and codes M01 and M02 represent SSI enrollees
whose cash payments are managed manually. See Advocate Christ Medi-
 Cite as: (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

Petitioners, a group of more than 200 hospitals, disagree
with this interpretation. They insist that the phrase encom-
passes all patients enrolled in the SSI system at the time of
their hospitalizations, even if those patients were not enti-
tled to an SSI payment during that month. This approach
sweeps more people into the numerator of the Medicare frac-
tion, thereby increasing the amount of funding a hospital
may receive. See (5)(F)(vii) -- (xiv). The hospi-
tals claim that because HHS misconstrued the Medicare frac-
tion, it underfunded them during the fscal years 2006 to
2009.
The hospitals have lost at every step of this litigation.
The Provider Reimbursement Review Board, a tribunal
within HHS, denied the hospitals' request for additional re-
imbursement on procedural grounds. The Centers for
Medicare & Medicaid Services, which administers Medicare
for HHS, also denied relief, this time on the merits. The
hospitals then sought review in the District Court, which
Page Proof Pending Publication
rejected their claims and granted summary judgment to
HHS. See Advocate Christ Medical Center v. Azar, No. 17 -- 
cv -- 1519 (D DC, June 8, 2022), App. to Pet. for Cert. 18. The

cal Center v. Becerra, 80 F. 4th 346, 350, (CADC 2023). As part of
that rulemaking, HHS rejected a proposal to begin using additional SSA
codes that, according to the commenter, "represent individuals who [are]
eligible for SSI, but not eligible for SSI payments" in a given month, in-
cluding because the individual is in "suspended" status. 75 Fed. Reg.
50280 -- 50281; see 20 CFR.1320 -- 416.1330, 416.1339 (2024) (describing
suspension of benefts payments). In rejecting this proposal, HHS ex-
plained that "none of the SSI status codes... mentioned would be used
to describe an individual who was entitled to receive SSI benefts during
the month that one of those status codes was used." 75 Fed. Reg. 50281.
This case does not present the question whether HHS correctly includes
only three SSI status codes as part of its calculation for the Medicare
fraction. Below, the D. C. Circuit declined to consider whether HHS "un-
reasonably excluded from the Medicare fraction individuals assigned codes
`S' and `E02' " because the hospitals raised the argument for the frst time
in their reply brief. 80 F. 4th, at 354. We too decline to consider this
issue.
10 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Opinion of the Court

D. C. Circuit also agreed with HHS. See Advocate Christ
Medical Center v. Becerra, 80 F. 4th 346 (2023). In explain-
ing that SSI benefts in "subchapter XVI [are] about cash
payments for needy individuals," the D. C. Circuit observed
that "it makes little sense to say that individuals are `enti-
tled' to the beneft in months when they are not even eligible
for [a payment]." Id., at 352 -- 353. We granted certiorari.
(2024).
II
To determine when a person is "entitled to supplementary
security income benefts," (5)(F)(vi)(I), we must
know what the benefts are. See Empire Health, 597 U. S.,
at 435 -- 439. The answer is clear: SSI benefts are cash bene-
fits. See 42 U. S. C. ch. 7, subch. XVI. Section 1381a,
which describes the basic entitlement to benefts, provides
that "[e]very... individual who is determined... to be
eligible on the basis of his income and resources shall...
Page Proof Pending Publication
be paid benefts by the Commissioner." (Emphasis added.)
The word "paid" obviously connotes a cash beneft. Section
1382(b) sings the same tune: It specifes the amount that SSA
is required to pay eligible individuals, stating that "[t]he ben-
eft under this subchapter... shall be payable at the rate of
[specifc dollar amounts]." (1). A beneft quanti-
fed in dollar amounts is plainly a cash beneft. Echoing the
point, other provisions explain how and when the cash bene-
ft is to be paid to recipients. See, e. g., (prescribing
procedures for the "payment of benefts" (boldface deleted));
(4)(A) (permitting a "cash advance against such ben-
efts" to individuals in limited circumstances).3 Subchapter
XVI's codifed statement of purpose is of a piece: to "estab-
3
See also (describing rules for "determining eligibility for, and
the amount of, benefts payable" to individuals who receive other types of
fnancial assistance); (providing an "[i]ncrease of dollar amounts"
of SSI benefts based on cost-of-living adjustments (boldface deleted));
(1)(A) (providing "appropriate adjustments in future payments"
in the case of overpayments or underpayments of SSI benefts).
 Cite as: (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

lis[h] a national program to provide supplemental security
income to individuals who have attained age 65 or are blind
or disabled.". "Income" is "a gain
or recurrent beneft that is usu[ally] measured in money and
for a given period of time." 2 Webster's Third New Inter-
national Dictionary 1143 (1971).
Statutory provisions outside subchapter XVI also under-
stand the phrase "[SSI] benefts... under subchapter XVI"
to mean a cash beneft. Take -- 19 in subchapter XI,
which directs the Commissioner of Social Security to estab-
lish the Ticket to Work and Self-Suffciency Program. Sec-
tion 1320b -- 19 defnes the phrase "supplemental security in-
come beneft" to mean "a cash beneft under section 1382 or
1382h(a) of this title." -- 19(k)(5); see also -- 
6(b) (defning the term "supplemental security income bene-
fts" to "mea[n] benefts paid or payable by the Commissioner
of Social Security under subchapter XVI"). Same too in
Page Proof Pending Publication
subchapter VIII, which provides special benefts for certain
World War II veterans. There, Congress defined the
" `[f]ederal beneft rate under subchapter XVI' " to mean
"with respect to any month, the amount of the supplemental
security income cash beneft.".
Just as subchapter XVI makes clear that SSI benefts are
cash benefts, it also establishes that eligibility for such bene-
fts is determined on a monthly basis. Section 1382(c)(1)
provides that "[a]n individual's eligibility for a beneft under
this subchapter for a month shall be determined" based on
the individual's "income, resources, and other relevant char-
acteristics in such month." The statute's reference to termi-
nation of benefts also refers back to months of ineligibility:
An individual must reapply for the program after she has
been "ineligible for benefts... for a period of 12 consecutive
months." (1)(B). Other examples similarly con-
frm that eligibility is a month-to-month inquiry. See, e. g.,
(1)(A) (providing that "no person shall be an eligible
individual... with respect to any month if throughout such
12 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Opinion of the Court

month he is an inmate of a public institution"); (1)(D)
(providing that "[a] person may be an eligible individual...
with respect to any month throughout which he is a resident
of a public emergency shelter for the homeless"); 
(4)(A)(i) -- (ii) (providing that "[n]o person shall be considered
an eligible individual... with respect to any month if during
such month the person is... feeing to avoid prosecution" or
violating "a condition of probation or parole").
A note for the sake of completeness: While subchapter
XVI speaks primarily in terms of eligibility for SSI benefts,
the Medicare fraction focuses on whether an individual is
entitled to such benefts. Nothing turns on this difference.
In Empire Health, we treated the word "entitled" in the
Medicare statute (including the Medicare fraction) as synon-
ymous with "qualifying" for or "being eligible... for bene-
fts." 597 U. S., at 435. See also Webster's Third New In-
ternational Dictionary 758 (1986) (defning "entitle" as "to
give a right or legal title to" or to "qualify (one) for some-
Page Proof Pending Publication
thing"); id., at 736 (defning "eligible" as "ftted or qualifed
to be chosen or used" or "entitled to something"). This case
also involves the Medicare fraction, so we follow the same
course. See Brown v. Gardner, (1994)
(noting that the presumption of consistent usage is "surely
at its most vigorous when a term is repeated within a
given sentence").
We therefore conclude that an individual is "entitled to
[SSI] benefts... under subchapter XVI" when she is eligible
to receive an SSI cash payment. And because eligibility is
determined on a monthly basis, an individual is considered
"entitled to [SSI] benefts" for purposes of the Medicare frac-
tion only if she is eligible for such benefts during the month
of her hospitalization.
III
The hospitals advance two primary arguments for reading
the phrase "entitled to [SSI] benefts... under subchapter
XVI" more broadly. First, they characterize SSI benefts
 Cite as: (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

as encompassing noncash benefts for which eligibility is
not determined on a monthly basis. Second, the hospitals,
joined by the dissent, argue that eligibility for SSI benefts
persists until a person must reapply for them, which occurs
after 12 consecutive months of ineligibility for a cash pay-
ment. See (1)(B).
A
As the hospitals see it, SSI benefts include both cash and
noncash benefts -- specifcally, vocational rehabilitation serv-
ices and continued Medicaid coverage.4 And a patient re-
mains eligible for these benefts, the hospitals assert, even
in months when the patient does not receive a cash payment.
The hospitals' theory stumbles out of the gate, because
neither vocational rehabilitation services nor continued Med-
icaid coverage fts the description of a "supplementa[l] se-
curity income" benefit. (5)(F)(vi)(I). And even beyond that self-evident point, none of
Page Proof Pending Publication
these benefts is housed "under subchapter XVI." Ibid..
Begin with the hospitals' reliance on the Ticket to Work
and Self-Suffciency Program. This program, which is avail-
able to people eligible for SSI benefts based on disability or
blindness, provides career development support and ex-
panded employment opportunities through state agencies or
private employment networks. See -- 19. Because
subchapter XI establishes the Ticket to Work program, it
is not a beneft "under subchapter XVI." (5)
(F)(vi)(I).
Nor do any of subchapter XVI's other references to voca-
tional rehabilitation services confer an SSI beneft. Section
1382d(a), for example, requires the Commissioner to refer
blind or disabled minors who receive SSI monthly cash pay-

4
In the court below, the hospitals pressed Medicare Part D's prescrip-
tion drug subsidy as another noncash SSI beneft. Because the hospitals
have abandoned their reliance on that program, we do not address it.
14 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Opinion of the Court

ments to the "appropriate State agency administering [a]
State program under subchapter V" of the Social Security
Act. The remainder of authorizes SSA to "reim-
burse" state agencies that administer or supervise "vo-
cational rehabilitation services approved under title I of
the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.". These express
cross-references to subchapter V of the Social Security Act
and title I of the Rehabilitation Act point to benefts housed
elsewhere -- not within subchapter XVI.
The hospitals' reliance on continued Medicaid coverage
also fails. In most States, eligibility for SSI benefts quali-
fies an individual for Medicaid health coverage. See
(10)(A)(i)(II). Thus, if a person earns excess in-
come and loses her eligibility for SSI payments, she gener-
ally also loses access to Medicaid. See ibid.; Baystate Medi-
cal Center v. Leavitt, 545 F. Supp. 2d 20, 37, (DC 2008).
Section 1382h(b) creates a limited exception to that default
Page Proof Pending Publication
rule. It provides that "for purposes of subchapter XIX
[governing Medicaid], any individual who was determined to
be a blind or disabled individual eligible to receive [an SSI]
beneft under section 1382" and "who in a subsequent month
is ineligible for benefts under this subchapter" due to excess
"income" is still "considered to be receiving [SSI] benefts.". According to the hospitals, the beneft of contin-
ued Medicaid coverage "arises solely out of section 1382h(b)"
and therefore counts as an SSI beneft. Brief for Petition-
ers 37.
The hospitals are mistaken. Section 1382h(b) does not
create a supplemental security income beneft -- it aids in the
administration of the Medicaid program. (Hence the open-
ing phrase of states that the provision is "for pur-
poses of subchapter XIX," which governs Medicaid.) The
provision merely allows certain blind or disabled people who
are not eligible to receive SSI benefts in a given month to
be treated as if they remain eligible for SSI benefts so that
they can continue receiving Medicaid benefts. If continued
 Cite as: (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

Medicaid coverage is an SSI beneft under subchapter XVI,
this is a very odd way of establishing it. Under the hospi-
tals' theory, this provision confers an SSI beneft on people
it simultaneously describes as "ineligible for [SSI] benefts.". That defes common sense.

B
The hospitals, joined by the dissent, advance a second ar-
gument: Eligibility, even for purely cash benefts, begins
when a person enters the SSI system and continues until she
has been ineligible for 12 consecutive months, at which point
she must submit a new application for benefts. See post,
at 26, 29 -- 32 (opinion of Jackson, J.).
To support this theory, the hospitals and the dissent em-
phasize that when a person frst applies for benefts, she
must disclose her income "rate" "for the calendar year."
(1)(A); see post, at 30. True enough. But her "cal-
Page Proof Pending Publication
endar year" income does not render her eligible for SSI ben-
efts, nor does it establish that SSI benefts operate in inter-
vals with a duration longer than one month. For that, she
must still show that she meets the requirements for a given
month. In fact, a nearby provision of the statute directs
eligibility determinations "for a month" to be made "on the
basis of the individual's... income, resources, and other rele-
vant characteristics in such month.". And while the dissent looks to (2)(B)(viii)
for help, none is forthcoming. That the Commissioner may
"defer (in the case of initial entitlement) or suspend (in the
case of existing entitlement)" a payment of a benefit,
(2)(B)(viii), merely addresses a question of timing -- 
it does not, as the dissent suggests, "contemplate a long-term
benefts relationship," post, at 30.
Nor does the reapplication requirement change the nature
of eligibility. Under (1)(B), a once-eligible individ-
ual must submit a new application after she has been "ineli-
gible for benefts... for a period of 12 consecutive months."
16 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Opinion of the Court

Note that this provision does not say that an individual re-
mains eligible until this 12-month period has lapsed. On the
contrary: It states that a person who "was an eligible in-
dividual" at one point must reapply after 12 consecutive
months of ineligibility. (1)(A).
As the D. C. Circuit observed, "it makes little sense to say
that individuals are `entitled' to the beneft in months when
they are not even eligible for it." 80 F. 4th, at 353.5
Leaning on Empire Health, which dealt with Medicare
Part A, the hospitals and the dissent urge us to think of
SSI benefts as an "income-insurance program." Brief for
Petitioners 41; see post, at 35. The shoe does not ft. In-
surance programs generally "provid[e] basic protection
against [certain future] costs," including, in the case of Medi-
care Part A, "the costs of hospital, related post-hospital,
home health services, and hospice care." (describing
Medicare Part A as an "insurance program"). SSI benefts,
Page Proof Pending Publication
by contrast, do not provide an ongoing backstop against un-
expected costs -- they operate as a welfare payment that
directly subsidizes recipients' income. See Schweiker, 450
U. S., at 223 (describing SSI as "provid[ing] a subsistence
allowance"); Bowen v. Galbreath, (1988) (de-
scribing SSI as a "welfare program").

5
Moreover, this provision appears to be a housekeeping measure: Added
roughly 14 years after SSI benefts were established, it ties the reapplica-
tion process to SSA's longstanding practice of removing people from its
database after 12 months of ineligibility. See 101 Stat. 3576; Tr. of Oral
Arg. 60. Nor do other housekeeping provisions demonstrate that eligibil-
ity for SSI benefts is determined on something other than a monthly
basis. See, e. g., (1)(B)(ii)(II)(bb) (ensuring SSA's access to bene-
ft recipient's fnancial information until "the cessation of the recipient's
eligibility for benefts under this subchapter"); (3)(H)(ii)(I) (re-
quiring SSA to review, at least "once every 3 years," "the continued eligi-
bility for benefts under this subchapter of each individual who has not
attained 18 years of age and is eligible for such benefts by reason of an
impairment... likely to improve").
 Cite as: (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

Notwithstanding these differences, the hospitals and the
dissent insist that consistency with Empire Health requires
us to reject HHS's interpretation. See Brief for Petitioners
19 -- 21; post, at 33 -- 36. Recall that in Empire Health, we in-
terpreted " `entitled to [Medicare Part A] benefts' " to mean
"all those qualifying for the program, regardless of whether
they are receiving Medicare payments for part or all of a
hospital stay." 597 U. S., at 445 (5)(F)
(vi)(I); alteration in original). So too here, the hospitals and
the dissent assert: Being "entitled to [SSI] benefts" means
that a patient is entitled to SSI benefts even if she does not
qualify for a payment during the month of hospitalization.6
Yet rather than supporting this interpretation, Empire
Health cuts against it. We defned the entitlement to bene-
fts under Medicare Part A after carefully examining the
prerequisites and characteristics of that particular beneft.
See id., at 435 -- 439. Medicare Part A, we observed, pro-
Page Proof Pending Publication
vides automatic and ongoing health insurance to individuals
over the age of 65 or who have a chronic disability. Id., at
435 -- 436. And we explained that the Medicare Part A enti-
tlement "never goes away" unless a benefciary's chronic
"disability diminishes," and that "the stoppage of payment
for any given service cannot be thought to affect the broader
statutory entitlement to Part A benefts." Id., at 437. For
example, even if a patient "hit some limit on coverage" for
eye care under Part A, the "policy [would] pay for more eye

6
The dissent also criticizes our reading of the statute on the ground that
it excludes from the Medicare fraction's numerator certain patients who
fail to receive payment during their month of hospitalization due to rea-
sons unrelated to income. See post, at 28. But Congress's decision to
exclude certain individuals from eligibility for SSI benefts under subchap-
ter XVI refects that "the SSI program is broad in its reach, [but] its
coverage is not complete." Schweiker v. Wilson, (1981).
And again, we take no position on whether HHS has unreasonably ex-
cluded particular codes from the Medicare fraction.
18 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Opinion of the Court

care in the next coverage period and meanwhile will pay for
[a] knee replacement." Ibid.
Just as our decision in Empire Health turned on the spe-
cifc features of Medicare Part A, this case turns on the spe-
cifc features of SSI benefts under subchapter XVI. And a
comparison of the two programs reveals critical distinctions.
Again, while Medicare Part A benefts extend beyond spe-
cifc payments for any given medical need, SSI benefts
under subchapter XVI consist of monthly cash payments and
nothing more. And while Medicare Part A's entitlement is
automatic and ongoing (with the exception of a disability that
diminishes), the SSI beneft is neither: Recipients must apply
for and be deemed eligible for benefts, and recipients can
(and do) fuctuate in and out of eligibility depending on their
income and resources from one month to the next. Consist-
ency with Empire Health's beneft-focused analysis thus
requires us to recognize and give effect to the differences
between Medicare Part A and SSI benefts.
Page Proof Pending Publication
C
Finally, invoking statutory purpose, the hospitals and the
dissent insist that their interpretation of "entitled to [SSI]
benefts... under subchapter XVI" best accords with "Con-
gress's ultimate goal [of] provid[ing] hospitals that serve
the neediest among us with the appropriate level of critical
funds." Post, at 21. (Indeed, the dissent frames its argu-
ment as one primarily about the statute's purpose and only
secondarily about its text.) They regard our reading as in-
consistent with the overall purpose of the Medicare fraction
and DSH adjustment, because people who happen not to
qualify for an SSI cash payment in a given month are un-
likely to be any healthier or less costly to treat from one
month to the next. As they see it, including these patients
in the numerator of the Medicare fraction better measures a
hospital's burden, ensuring that the hospital receives "the
appropriate level of critical funds." Ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

This argument overlooks that Congress chose a specifc
means to advance its end of better funding hospitals that
care for a disproportionate percentage of needy Medicare pa-
tients. It could have chosen another. For instance, it could
have captured the number of poor Medicare patients by rely-
ing on proof of annual income. (That measure might in-
crease the numerator and therefore the reimbursement rate.)
Alternatively, it could have more precisely isolated the
expensive-to-treat Medicare patients by using not only their
annual incomes, but also their health histories. (That meas-
ure might decrease the numerator and therefore the reim-
bursement rate.) But instead of choosing one of these (or
some other) option, Congress decided to approximate a hos-
pital's share of expensive-to-treat Medicare patients by using
the patient's entitlement to SSI benefts under subchapter
XVI. That is not a perfect measure of income -- but neither
is income a perfect measure of whether a patient is more
Page Proof Pending Publication
costly to treat. In the end, the Medicare fraction and ulti-
mate DSH adjustment refect a balance of multiple compet-
ing interests, including increased funding for hospitals, ad-
ministrability, effciency, and allocation of fnite resources.
So yes, Congress sought to increase the reimbursement
rate for hospitals that care for a disproportionate share of
low-income Medicare patients. But as we have explained
many times before, "[n]o statute pursues a single policy at
all costs, and we are not free to rewrite this statute (or any
other) as if it did." Bartenwerfer v. Buckley, (2023); Luna Perez v. Sturgis Public Schools, (2023) ("no law ` "pursues its... purpose[s] at all
costs" ' " ); American Express Co. v.
Italian Colors Restaurant, (2013) (same);
Kucana v. Holder, (2010) (same); Rodri-
guez v. United States, -- 526 (1987) (per cu-
riam) (same). We must determine how Congress chose to
pursue its objective. Henson v. Santander Consumer USA
Inc., (2017) ("Legislation is, after all, the art
20 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Jackson, J., dissenting

of compromise, the limitations expressed in statutory terms
often the price of passage"). And here, Congress made a
specifc choice: For purposes of the Medicare fraction, an in-
dividual is "entitled to [SSI] benefts" when she is eligible to
receive an SSI cash payment during the month of her hospi-
talization. (5)(F)(vi)(I). We must respect the
formula that Congress prescribed.

* * *
For the foregoing reasons, we affrm the judgment of the
Court of Appeals.
It is so ordered.
Justice Jackson, with whom Justice Sotomayor joins,
dissenting.
Providing quality healthcare to low-income patients can
be costly. When Congress established Medicare's hospital-
Page Proof Pending Publication
reimbursement system, it recognized that people with low
incomes tend to have comparatively worse health conditions
and health outcomes than wealthier people, and was clear
eyed about the fact that, as a result, "[h]ospitals that serve
a disproportionate share of low-income patients have higher
medicare costs." H. R. Rep. No. 99 -- 241, pt. 1, p. 16 (1985).
To account for the variable costs attributable to the health-
care needs of different socioeconomic populations, Congress
opted to reimburse hospitals that have a "disproportionate
share" of low-income patients at a different (greater) rate
than other hospitals.
This case concerns the formula that Congress uses to iden-
tify and compensate those hospitals. The majority and I are
in considerable agreement about key aspects of the statutory
provision at issue. We agree that the point of the "dispro-
portionate share" Medicare formula is to identify hospitals
that serve a disproportionate number of low-income patients.
We agree that the formula looks to the Supplemental Secu-
rity Income (SSI) program -- a benefts program for low-
 Cite as: (2025) 21

Jackson, J., dissenting

income Americans that entitles certain individuals to receive
cash payments from the Government -- and counts the num-
ber of a hospital's Medicare-eligible patients who are also
"entitled to" SSI. We agree that, under the SSI program,
eligibility for a cash payment in a given month turns on a
person's monthly income. And we agree that, if the SSI
program operates like Medicare Part A, our decision in Be-
cerra v. Empire Health Foundation, for Valley Hospital
Medical Center, (2022), would control the out-
come of this case, and would require us to rule for the
hospitals.
All that said, the majority's interpretation of Medicare's
disproportionate-share formula is based upon a fundamental
misunderstanding of how SSI's cash-beneft program works.
And that misunderstanding has led the majority to evaluate
the Medicare statute without regard to the function of the
formula's reference to the SSI program, causing it to reach
Page Proof Pending Publication
the wrong conclusion.
To be specific: When Congress created Medicare's
disproportionate-share formula, it looked to SSI's cash-
benefts program for a reason. No one disputes that Con-
gress's ultimate goal was to provide hospitals that serve the
neediest among us with the appropriate level of critical
funds. The only logical basis for the formula's reliance on
SSI, then, is to draw from that program's pre-existing pool
of individuals that have already been designated as our soci-
ety's neediest -- not to assess the wholly irrelevant fact of
whether any such individual actually received a cash pay-
ment under the SSI program during the month of their hos-
pitalization. The majority's interpretation both ignores this
critical context and endorses an interpretation of the Medi-
care formula that arbitrarily undercounts a hospital's low-
income patients.
In short, under the majority's reading, Congress's refer-
ence to the SSI scheme in the Medicare statute serves no
rational purpose. Worse still, the majority seems to think
22 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Jackson, J., dissenting

that a statutory formula specifcally designed to authorize
payments to certain hospitals in greater amounts is best read
to affect the arbitrary denial of those additional funds. Re-
spectfully, I dissent.
I
"The Medicare program provides Government-funded
health insurance to over 64 million elderly or disabled
Americans." Empire Health, 597 U. S., at 428. The pro-
gram generally works by reimbursing hospitals for their
treatment of Medicare beneficiaries. See 42 U. S. C.. To incentivize hospitals to treat patients in
the most effcient manner, Congress reimburses hospitals for
the services they provide at a fxed rate that turns on a
patient's diagnosis rather than the hospital's actual costs.
Empire Health, 597 U. S., at 429.
But Congress also recognized that some hospitals have it
harder than others. Based on empirical research, it specif-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cally observed that "[h]ospitals that serve a disproportionate
share of low-income patients have higher medicare costs,"
and that this was so for two primary reasons. H. R. Rep.
No. 99 -- 241, pt. 1, at 16; see also Empire Health, 597 U. S., at
429. First, low-income patients tend to be in poorer health
to begin with, and have more complications after medical
procedures than patients who are wealthier. H. R. Rep. No.
99 -- 241, pt. 1, at 16. Second, hospitals that see a signifcant
number of low-income patients often have to employ extra
personnel, such as social workers and interpreters, in order to
serve this population, adding to a hospital's fxed costs. Ibid.
Congress thus reasonably decided that those hospitals that
have a disproportionate share of low-income patients should
receive enhanced Medicare reimbursements. Empire
Health, 597 U. S., at 429. And, notably, by compensating for
the disparity in treatment costs, Congress hoped to "encour-
ag[e] hospitals to treat low-income patients." Ibid.
To accomplish Congress's fair-reimbursement objectives,
the hospitals with a disproportionate share of low-income pa-
 Cite as: (2025) 23

Jackson, J., dissenting

tients frst had to be identifed. One option would have been
to require all hospitals to track their patients' incomes and
report them to the Government. H. R. Rep. No. 99 -- 241,
pt. 1, at 17. But this would have added administrative over-
head to already burdened hospitals. Ibid. So, instead,
Congress devised a formula that could be used to calculate
the percentage of a hospital's patients who are low income
using administrative data already in the Government's pos-
session. See (5)(F)(vi).
As the majority helpfully explains, part of that formula -- 
referred to herein as the "Medicare fraction" -- calculates
the percentage of a hospital's Medicare-eligible patients who
have low incomes. The base of that fraction counts the total
number of days Medicare patients spent in the hospital.
Ante, at 8. The numerator counts the number of days " `at-
tributable to Medicare patients who are poor,' " as deter-
mined by their entitlement to SSI benefts. Ante, at 7 -- 8.
We took this case to decide who falls within the numerator.
Page Proof Pending Publication
That is, which hospital patients are "entitled to [SSI] bene-
fts" for purposes of the disproportionate-share formula?
(5)(F)(vi)(I). This seems like a narrow, technical
question. But the stakes of the answer are quite high for
hospitals because the greater the number of a hospital's pa-
tients who fall within the numerator, the more Medicare-
reimbursement money that hospital will receive.

II
The majority starts off on the right foot. "To determine
when a person is `entitled to supplementary security income
benefts,' " "we must know what the benefts are." Ante, at
10 (5)(F)(vi)(I)). But it quickly mis-
steps. According to the majority, because SSI entitles indi-
viduals to "cash benefts," and the eligibility for those benefts
"is determined on a monthly basis," ante, at 11, the Medicare
fraction counts only those patients who are eligible for a cash
payment under SSI during the month of their hospitaliza-
24 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Jackson, J., dissenting

tion. This conclusion misunderstands both the beneft that
SSI provides and also, importantly, the reason why Congress
used SSI as its proxy for identifying low-income patients.

A
The regulations accompanying the SSI statute state that
"[t]he basic purpose underlying the [SSI] program is to as-
sure a minimum level of income for people who are age 65 or
over, or who are blind or disabled and who do not have suff-
cient income and resources to maintain a standard of living
at the established Federal minimum income level." 20 CFR.110 (2024). We have likewise explained elsewhere that
"[t]he SSI program establishes a federally guaranteed mini-
mum income for the aged, blind, and disabled." Schweiker
v. Hogan, -- 582 (1982).
At a high level, the SSI program works as follows. Per-
sons who are over 65, blind, or disabled may apply and will
Page Proof Pending Publication
be enrolled in the SSI program if their annual income and
fnancial resources are below a certain designated level. 42
U. S. C., 1382(a)(1), (c)(7). Once approved -- and until
that enrollment is terminated -- an individual who is enrolled
in the SSI program is guaranteed an annual income above
the federal minimum. See. This does not neces-
sarily mean such an enrollee will receive a check from the
Government each month (or even at all) -- that depends on
other specifed factors. See. But if in any month
an enrollee's income drops below the rate required to hit the
federal minimum, the Government will pick up the slack by
sending them a check. See ibid.
I pause here to note that participation in the SSI program
is thus highly benefcial to enrollees, regardless of whether
they happen to need and receive a check in any particular
month. This is so because being enrolled in SSI provides
participants with meaning ful reassurance. Poverty in
America is a plague of uncertainty marked by persistent in-
stability -- what others have called "the constant fear that it
 Cite as: (2025) 25

Jackson, J., dissenting

will get even worse." M. Desmond, Poverty, By America 17
(2023). The problem is not just that one's income is too low;
it is that one's income, such as it is, is highly volatile. "For
scores of American workers, wages are... wobbly, fuctuat-
ing wildly not only year to year but month to month, even
week to week." Id., at 16. As one woman living on the
edge of poverty described her situation: " `[E]very day and
every night when I'm trying to fall asleep, there's this worry
hanging.... How am I gonna get it done? How am I gonna
stretch to get these bills paid? If one extra thing
happens -- .' " D. Shipler, The Working Poor 25 (2004).
Congress understood this reality when it set out to con-
struct an income-related social safety net for the population
SSI covers. Indeed, the SSI program was specifcally de-
signed to address the often debilitating state of low-income
volatility. If a person hovering at the poverty threshold is
enrolled in the SSI program, she has peace of mind that if
Page Proof Pending Publication
she misses work because her car breaks down, her child falls
ill, or her work hours are suddenly slashed, she will still be
able to pay the bills because the Government will provide
her with some cash, if needed. That is the true "beneft" of
SSI -- one less thing to worry about.
This basic understanding of the SSI program also helps to
clarify the benefciaries (i. e., it explains who is "entitled to"
SSI benefts for purposes of that statutory scheme): anyone
who, per the threshold statutory criteria, is protected by
SSI's safety net in the frst place. In other words, an "enti-
tled" person is any individual who has a right to receive SSI
payments when his income falls below the federal minimum.
The text and structure of the SSI statute plainly comport
with this understanding of both the SSI beneft and what it
means to be "entitled" thereto. The frst substantive provi-
sion of the SSI subchapter -- notably titled "Basic entitle-
ment to benefts" -- makes a promise: "Every aged, blind, or
disabled individual who is determined... to be eligible on
the basis of his income and resources shall, in accordance
26 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Jackson, J., dissenting

with and subject to the provisions of this subchapter, be
paid benefts." (emphasis added; boldface deleted).
That is clear enough. But which individuals are "eligible on
the basis of [their] income and resources"? That question is
answered by the subsequent provision, which ex-
plains that any "aged, blind, or disabled individual" with an
annual income and fnancial resources below a certain thresh-
old "shall be an eligible individual for purposes of this
subchapter."
Section 1382 then goes on to explain what an eligible indi-
vidual is eligible for under this program. Subsection (b)
guarantees each eligible individual payments from the Gov-
ernment up to the statutorily defned federal minimum in-
come level over the course of a year, reduced by that individ-
ual's countable income for that year.. And
subsection (c) provides that eligible individuals will receive
a cash payment in any month in which their monthly income
falls below the amount that would be required for them
Page Proof Pending Publication
to earn the federal minimum over the course of a year.
(1).
Putting it all together: The SSI statute distinguishes be-
tween an entitlement to be enrolled in the SSI program -- 
promised in with eligibility criteria laid out in
-- and the right to receive a payment under the pro-
gram. Anyone who is in the former bucket gets the quite
valuable safety-net beneft of being enrolled in SSI (and the
peace of mind that comes with it), whether or not they actu-
ally receive a check from the Government in any particular
month.
B
Because the majority fails to appreciate the programmatic
nature of SSI, it reduces SSI's beneft to the monthly check -- 
and nothing more. From that premise, the majority con-
cludes that all Congress cared about when measuring a hos-
pital's low-income population for purposes of Medicare's
 Cite as: (2025) 27

Jackson, J., dissenting

disproportionate-share formula was the number of patients
who received a check during the month of their hospital stay.
But the majority also admits that the point of Medicare's
disproportionate-share formula is to identify " `hospitals
serving an "unusually high percentage of low-income pa-
tients." ' " Ante, at 6. And whether an individual received
a check from the Government in a given month does not
track -- and, indeed, has little to do with -- the broader "low-
income" category of patients. The result is an interpreta-
tion of the formula that not only strangely excludes indisput-
ably low-income patients, but does so arbitrarily.
Imagine a woman who has been eligible for SSI payments
for years and works at a retail store -- I will call her Ann.
In January, Ann picks up a few night shifts, which pay more
than her usual day shifts. Cf. Shipler, The Working Poor,
at 65. That extra income bumps her above the SSI cash-
payment threshold so she does not get a payment in January.
Page Proof Pending Publication
But in February (and March, and April, and May), when her
schedule returns to normal, her income falls back below the
threshold. In the majority's view, whether Ann counts as a
low-income patient for purposes of the disproportionate-
share formula depends on the happenstance of her hospital-
ization. If she has a heart attack in February, she's in. But
if her heart fails in January, she's out.
Why would Congress have intended to exclude Ann from
the hospital's count of low-income patients in January but
include her in February? The answer is simple: It didn't.
After all, the disproportionate-share formula is not about
Ann's own personal cash fow -- Congress was not trying to
identify those patients who lack cash on hand. Instead, as
all agree, the formula is trying to count those patients who
will be costlier to treat due to the health impacts of poverty.
From the hospital's (and society's) perspective, there is no
cost difference between treating Ann in January (when she
had a bit more cash) or treating her in February (when she
28 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Jackson, J., dissenting

had a bit less). In either month, in terms of the hospital's
comparatively greater treatment costs, Ann qualifes as a
low-income patient.
The irrationality of the majority's reading does not end
there. Under the majority's view, also falling outside the
Medicare formula's numerator are patients who happen to be
hospitalized during the frst month they are eligible for SSI,
because, by statute, SSI payments do not kick in until the
second month of eligibility. See (7). Other quirks
of SSI's statutory scheme -- such as a provision preventing
persons in Medicaid-funded nursing homes from getting an
SSI payment in any month in which they have more than
$30 in income, (1)(B) -- likewise mean that many
of the lowest income patients are arbitrarily excluded from
the disproportionate-share formula's count. Neither of these
circumstances has anything whatsoever to do with how
costly it will be to provide such patients with quality
Page Proof Pending Publication
healthcare.1
The majority does not mention these incongruities, let
alone justify them. Instead, it shrugs away all of the appar-
ent oddities of its interpretation, blithely noting that " `no
statute pursues a single policy at all costs.' " Ante, at 19
(brackets omitted). I would think the People's representa-
tives deserve more credit than to have this Court conclude
they intentionally enacted a statute that does not reach its
aims and operates so arbitrarily that it makes no sense.

1
The Government has at least conceded that its interpretation is not
an "actual receipt" rule -- a patient will be counted, the Government has
promised, even if he doesn't actually receive an SSI payment in a given
month (e. g., because the enrollee moves or the post offce loses the check),
so long as he "satisfes the statutory requirements for a cash payment
during the relevant month in question." Tr. of Oral Arg. 51. The Gov-
ernment also assured the Court that it would "retroactively" count pa-
tients who initially failed to receive a payment in a given month due to
an administrative error (such as an erroneous address on fle) that was
subsequently cured. Id., at 52.
 Cite as: (2025) 29

Jackson, J., dissenting

In the majority's view, my way of analyzing the relevant
statutes impermissibly elevates purpose over text, because
it "overlooks that Congress chose a specifc means to advance
its end." Ibid. But that contention simply begs the ques-
tion before us; what we are doing now is trying to discern
what it was that Congress "chose" when it referenced the
SSI program while crafting the Medicare fraction. The ma-
jority apparently believes it can fgure that out without con-
sidering what the Medicare fraction was designed to accom-
plish -- it just insists, largely by ipse dixit, that Congress
"chose" a proxy for low-income status that asks whether a
patient received an SSI check during the month of their hos-
pital stay. Ante, at 12, 19. My response is simply, why
would Congress possibly make that choice? The illogic of
the majority's interpretation strongly signals that what the
majority believes Congress "chose" is not actually what Con-
gress intended or accomplished.
There is also no need to conclude that Congress intention-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ally selected such an irrational and arbitrary measurement
when there is another equally (if not more) plausible inter-
pretation available: that Congress intended to count those
patients who were enrolled in the SSI program at the time
the hospital served them. Statutes "are not inert exercises
in literary composition," but "instruments of government."
United States v. Shirey, (1959). We disre-
spect that instrument -- and the coequal branch of Govern-
ment that has enacted it -- when we fail to understand, or
appreciate, the logic of the laws Congress designs.

C
There is yet another reason the majority's myopic ap-
proach to interpreting statutes has yielded the wrong result
in this case. As the majority envisions the SSI program, a
patient's entitlement to SSI toggles off and on each month,
depending on her cash fow. That view of how the program
operates is fatly inconsistent with the fully contextualized
30 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Jackson, J., dissenting

reading that I have laid out in Part II -- A. It also conficts
with the statute's plain text, which clearly contemplates an
SSI entitlement that extends beyond a single month.
To understand how the majority goes awry on this point,
start where the majority does: with the language of
-- a provision that explains how and when SSI cash
benefts will be paid. See ante, at 11. By starting there,
the majority essentially ignores and (b), which
plainly address who is entitled to SSI benefts and what they
are qualifed to receive due to that entitlement. See also
Schweiker v. Wilson, (1981) ("To be
eligible for SSI benefts," a person's "income and resources
must be below the levels specifed in... 42 U. S. C.
"); Sullivan v. Zebley, (1990) ("A
person is eligible for SSI benefts if his income and fnancial
resources are below a certain level, and if he is
`disabled' "). Moreover, and importantly for present pur-
Page Proof Pending Publication
poses, subsection (a) eligibility looks to an individual's in-
come over the course of a "calendar year" -- not her income
in any particular month. (1)(A). Thus, the text of
this statute, read as a whole, plainly establishes that eligibil-
ity for SSI benefts operates on a longer time horizon than
the majority acknowledges.
Other provisions further demonstrate that whether some-
one is "entitled to" SSI benefts does not turn on their income
in a single month. After an individual applies for SSI and
is deemed eligible under, she need not apply again
the next month -- or, actually, any month thereafter -- because
her eligibility for benefts lasts until her income is too high
for one full year, (1); 20 CFR.1335, or until
her enrollment is terminated for some other reason,
(1)(A); 20 CFR.1331, 416.1333 -- 416.1334. The
statute also seems to contemplate a long-term benefts rela-
tionship, insofar as it permits the Department of Health and
Human Services (HHS) in certain circumstances to "defer (in
the case of initial entitlement) or suspend (in the case of
 Cite as: (2025) 31

Jackson, J., dissenting

existing entitlement)" SSI benefts -- a distinction that only
makes sense if an individual's entitlement to SSI lasts be-
yond a single month. (2)(B)(viii) ;
see also (3)(H)(ii)(I) (referring to an individual's
"continued eligibility" for benefts over the course of multi-
ple years).
If all that is still not enough to permit the majority to
accurately discern the broader confnes of this program, con-
sider the fact that HHS requires SSI applicants to grant
the agency permission to access their fnancial records
so that HHS can automatically monitor their income.
(1)(B)(ii); 20 CFR.207. That authorization
lasts until "the cessation of the recipient's eligibility for
benefts under this subchapter." (1)(B)(ii)(II)(bb).
But if eligibility for SSI benefts were a monthly determina-
tion, the give-us-your-records provision would accomplish
nothing. It would do the agency no good to have permission
Page Proof Pending Publication
to access those records for one month and one month only.
The practical realities of SSI administration further dem-
onstrate that the SSI entitlement is not determined month
by month. For example, SSI benefts are paid on the frst
day of the month -- an individual receives his February pay-
ment on February 1st. 20 CFR.502. With its month-
only entitlement perspective, the majority thus apparently
surmises that HHS regularly pays benefts without knowing
whether the recipient is eligible for SSI at all. Any such
policy would be surprisingly irresponsible. But if SSI is a
program that lasts beyond a single month, day-one payments
are both rational and administratively feasible. Recall that
we are talking about people who are desperately in need of
cash to pay their monthly bills; this explains the agency's
practice of providing prompt, prospective payments, which
the aforementioned income monitoring facilitates. More-
over, as I have explained, once an individual is approved for
SSI, he is entitled to receive such prospective payments, as
needed, until his enrollment is terminated. By adopting a
32 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Jackson, J., dissenting

broader time horizon than the single month in which the pay-
ment is made, the agency can get the money out to the needy
individual and then subsequently smooth out any over- (or
under-) payments it makes, by checking the person's actual
salary for the month in question and, if necessary, adjusting
the amount it pays in later months. See.
The majority simply ignores these kinds of programmatic
features that cut against its reading. And the unhelpful
statutory provisions that the majority does acknowledge get
short shrift in its opinion; in a footnote, the majority bats
them away as mere legislative "housekeeping." Ante, at 16,. I grant that it is easier to duck Congress's handiwork
than to explain the implications of its various policy choices.
But if the majority is going to base its interpretation exclu-
sively on what Congress "chose" when it used the term "eli-
gibility," it must grapple with all such usages of that term
in the statute in question -- not just those that support its
preferred reading.2
Page Proof Pending Publication
Notably, the design of the statute that creates the SSI pro-
gram -- basic criteria establishing an entitlement to a beneft,
pursuant to which individuals are eligible for a payment
under certain conditions that are delineated elsewhere -- is
not unique to SSI. Consider veterans benefts, for example.
A veteran "with the requisite period of military service be-
comes `entitled to' " certain educational benefts, "typically
in the form of a stipend or tuition payments." Rudisill v.
McDonough, (2024).
But just because a person is entitled to those benefts does
not mean she will ever receive them; there are hoops through
which she must jump and conditions she must satisfy to be
eligible to receive a payment. Id., at 300 -- 301.

2
For my part, I do not deny that the SSI statute discusses an individu-
al's " `eligibility for a beneft... for a month.' " Ante, at 11 (1)). But, as I've explained, that monthly eligibility is meant only
to describe the beneft (i. e., the cash payment) that an individual who is
entitled to SSI is eligible to receive. Supra, at 26.
 Cite as: (2025) 33

Jackson, J., dissenting

Or consider Medicare Part A. "When a person turns 65,"
she "becomes `entitled' to" Medicare Part A benefts. Em-
pire Health, 597 U. S., at 428 -- 
(b)). There, too, entitlement does not guarantee payment -- 
a person may be entitled to Medicare Part A benefts yet
never receive a single cent, perhaps because he is covered
by private health insurance, or because he has hit some stat-
utory cap on care. 597 U. S., at 432. As this Court has rec-
ognized, "[t]he entitlement to [Medicare Part A] benefts" is
simply "an entitlement to payment under specifed condi-
tions." Id., at 436 (some emphasis deleted). The same is
true of SSI. Compare (1) (explaining that "entitle-
ment of an individual" to Medicare Part A benefts "consist[s]
of entitlement to have payment made under, and subject to
the limitations in, part A") with (stating that "[b]asic
entitlement to [SSI] benefts" consists of a promise to certain
individuals of payment "in accordance with and subject to
the provisions of th[e SSI] subchapter" (boldface deleted)).
Page Proof Pending Publication
III
It was precisely this distinction -- between a threshold en-
titlement to participate in a beneft program, on the one
hand, and a subsequent right to a payment under that pro-
gram, on the other -- that was the linchpin of our interpreta-
tion of another part of the disproportionate-share formula
just three Terms ago. In Empire Health, we faced a ques-
tion that is substantially similar to the one the Court decides
today: Which patients are " `entitled to' " Medicare Part A
benefts for purposes of the disproportionate-share formula?
597 U. S., at 428. What is more, the arguments in that case
mirrored the arguments we consider now. One side main-
tained that a patient is "entitled to" such benefts only if she
had actually received a Medicare payment; the other insisted
that a patient is so entitled if he was eligible for the Medicare
Part A program, no payment necessary. See id., at 432 -- 
433. Notably, however, the valence of the arguments was
34 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Jackson, J., dissenting

fipped -- in Empire Health, it was the hospitals that insisted
payment was required, while the Government asserted pro-
gram eligibility suffced. Ibid.
We sided with the Government. A patient is " `entitled
to' " Medicare Part A benefts, we held, if she "meet[s] the
basic statutory criteria" for the Medicare Part A program,
whether or not she "actually receiv[ed] payment for a given
day's treatment. " Id., at 435. For purposes of the
disproportionate-share formula, we said, a patient's receipt
of payment is beside the point. All the formula cares about
is whether a patient qualifes for the program that entitles
her to payment under specifed conditions. Id., at 436.
Exactly that same logic should have carried the day here.
A patient is "entitled to" SSI benefts for purposes of the
disproportionate-share formula if she "meets the basic statu-
tory criteria" for the SSI program, whether or not she "actu-
ally receiv[ed an SSI] payment" in the relevant month. Id.,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 432, 435. In other words, just as with Medicare Part A,
statutory entitlement to SSI "coexists with limitations on
payment." Id., at 436.
Our reasoning in Empire Health resulted in hospitals re-
ceiving less money by operation of the Medicare fraction.
Id., at 444. Applied here, that same logic requires them to
receive more, because it places more patients in the numera-
tor of the Medicare fraction. But instead of simply follow-
ing Empire Health where it leads, the majority diverges
from its clear and plainly applicable holding. In the majori-
ty's view, although a patient need not receive a Medicare
Part A payment to be "entitled to" Medicare Part A for pur-
poses of the disproportionate-share formula, she must re-
ceive an SSI payment to be "entitled to" SSI under that
same calculation.
To justify this puzzling departure, the majority identifes
two "critical distinctions" that it says distinguish SSI from
Medicare Part A and thus make this case different from Em-
pire Health. Ante, at 18. First, the majority says that
 Cite as: (2025) 35

Jackson, J., dissenting

Medicare Part A benefts "extend beyond specifc payments
for any given medical need," whereas SSI benefts "consist
of monthly cash payments and nothing more." Ibid. I've
already explained why that characterization of SSI is wrong:
The SSI beneft is not simply the payment itself, but the
promise of a payment in one's time of need. Supra, at 24 -- 
25. SSI thus operates just like income insurance. Enrolled
individuals are promised a payout, should the relevant trig-
gering event -- monthly income below the threshold -- occur.
The majority rejects this commonsense conclusion based
on superfcial mischaracterizations of the SSI program and
what it means to the people who rely on it. So, SSI is com-
monly described as a " `welfare program,' " ante, at 16 -- so
what? That label does not change the fact that this welfare
program operates more like insurance than a subsidy. The
majority also seems to believe that insurance programs may
protect benefciaries only against increased costs -- not de-
Page Proof Pending Publication
creased income. Ibid. But why is that the case? Eco-
nomically speaking, increased costs and decreased income
are two sides of the same coin. The only difference is the
precipitating factor, and, of course, the fact that the
decreased-income species of insurance acknowledges the re-
ality of income insecurity.
The second declared distinction is the majority's conten-
tion that Medicare Part A is "automatic and ongoing" while
SSI is not. Ante, at 18. This seems faulty from the start,
since the majority concedes that disabled individuals can lose
their entitlement to Medicare Part A if their disability dimin-
ishes. Ibid. Thus, it is questionable whether Medicare
Part A is, in fact, "ongoing." In any event, the majority
fails to explain why this "ongoing" distinction makes any dif-
ference. The question before us is whether a person is
"entitled to" SSI for purposes of the disproportionate-share
formula, not whether a person must reapply to become so
entitled, or whether it is possible to be excised from this
beneft program's rolls.
36 ADVOCATE CHRIST MEDICAL CENTER v. KENNEDY

Jackson, J., dissenting

Ultimately, then, neither of the "critical" distinctions that
the majority identifes between Medicare Part A and SSI are
critical at all. So, in the absence of any principled basis for
distinguishing this case from Empire Health, the majority
falls back on pithy rhetoric, quipping that " `it makes little
sense to say that individuals are "entitled" to the beneft in
months when they are not even eligible for it.' " Ante, at 16.
Again, this characterization misrepresents the real beneft of
SSI. It is also noteworthy that, while some on this Court
embraced a similar argument in Empire Health, they did so
in dissent. See 597 U. S., at 447 -- 448 (opinion of Kava-
naugh, J.) (arguing that a patient could not be considered
"entitled to" a Medicare Part A beneft "if the patient by
statute could not" receive a payment). The majority view
in Empire Health fully appreciated the insurance-like nature
of the Medicare program, and its reasoning applies full bore
to the question we address today.

Page Proof Pending
* * * Publication
The decision the majority has made in this case will de-
prive hospitals serving the neediest among us of critical fed-
eral funds that Congress plainly attempted to provide. Hos-
pitals that have a disproportionate share of low-income
patients are struggling. Indeed, it is undisputed that sys-
temically undercounting low-income patients for the pur-
poses of the disproportionate-share formula might cause
many such hospitals to close their doors entirely, such that
patients from our Nation's poorest communities may not be
served at all. Brief for American Hospital Association et al.
as Amici Curiae 27 -- 28; Tr. of Oral Arg. 36 -- 38.
This outcome is not compelled by the text of the Medicare
statute or the circumstances that surround it. Rather, it is,
unfortunately, directly attributable to the majority's incuri-
ous and context-free method of statutory analysis. Con-
gress's reference to the SSI program in the Medicare formula
has confused the majority into thinking that Congress meant
 Cite as: (2025) 37

Jackson, J., dissenting

for hospitals serving low-income patients to be reimbursed
at lower rates than if their patient population was fully taken
into account. So it will now be up to Congress to restate its
intention that low-income people have access to quality medi-
cal care and that hospitals be compensated accordingly.
I suspect that such a legislative fx would not be too diff-
cult to craft. But Congress would not need to go that extra
mile if this Court's interpretive practices would just take
care to evaluate the text of a statute alongside any indis-
putable legislative objectives. Here, we should have easily
concluded that, for purposes of the disproportionate-share
formula used to reimburse hospitals, patients are "entitled
to" SSI benefts when they are eligible for and enrolled in
the SSI program, as Congress undoubtedly intended.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 2, line 1: "faction" is inserted before "Medicare"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 1
Pages 114 -- 164

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
May 22, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
114 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

KOUSISIS et al. v. UNITED STATES

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the third circuit
No. 23 -- 909. Argued December 9, 2024 -- Decided May 22, 2025
The Pennsylvania Department of Transportation (PennDOT) awarded
petitioners Stamatios Kousisis and Alpha Painting and Construction Co.
two contracts for painting projects in Philadelphia. Federal regula-
tions required contract awardees to subcontract a portion of every con-
tract to a disadvantaged business enterprise. So as part of the bidding
process, Kousisis falsely represented that Alpha would obtain its paint
supplies from Markias, Inc., a prequalifed disadvantaged business.
This was a lie. Unbeknownst to PennDOT, Kousisis arranged for Mar-
kias to function as a mere "pass-through" entity. As a pass-through,
Markias did not provide any paint supplies. To the contrary, its only
role was that of a paper pusher, funneling checks and invoices to and
from Alpha's actual suppliers. Not only did this arrangement contra-
dict Kousisis's prior representations, it also violated the requirement
Page Proof Pending Publication
that disadvantaged businesses perform a "commercially useful func-
tion." 49 CFR.55(c). In the end, however, Alpha performed the
painting projects to PennDOT's satisfaction and pocketed over $20 mil-
lion in gross proft.
The Government charged Alpha and Kousisis with wire fraud and
conspiracy to commit the same. 18 U. S. C., 1349. The charges
were premised on the fraudulent-inducement theory -- in other words,
that petitioners had induced PennDOT to award them the painting con-
tracts under materially false pretenses. After a jury convicted Alpha
and Kousisis of wire fraud, they moved for acquittal. In their view,
despite the lack of disadvantaged-business participation, PennDOT had
received the full economic beneft of its bargain. So, petitioners con-
tended, the Government could not prove that they had schemed to de-
fraud PennDOT of "money or property" as requires. The Third
Circuit rejected this argument, deepening the division over the validity
of a federal fraud conviction when the defendant did not seek to cause
the victim net pecuniary loss.
Held: A defendant who induces a victim to enter into a transaction under
materially false pretenses may be convicted of federal fraud even if the
defendant did not seek to cause the victim economic loss. Pp. 121 -- 135.
(a) To convict Alpha and Kousisis, the Government needed to prove
that they used the wires to execute a "scheme or artifce to defraud, or
 Cite as: (2025) 115

Syllabus

for obtaining money or property by means of false or fraudulent pre-
tenses, representations, or promises.". Under this Court's
precedent, a defendant commits wire fraud only if he both engaged in
deception and had money or property as an object of his fraud. See
Ciminelli v. United States,. It follows from this rule,
Alpha and Kousisis say, that a federal fraud conviction cannot stand
unless the defendant sought to cause the victim net pecuniary loss. Not
so. The fraudulent-inducement theory is consistent with both the text
of and this Court's precedent. Pp. 121 -- 135.
(1) The text of does not mention economic loss, let alone re-
quire it. In fact, Alpha and Kousisis's conduct satisfed each element of
: They devised a scheme to "obtai[n] money" (tens of millions) from
PennDOT through false representations about their compliance with the
disadvantaged-business requirement. And while petitioners argue oth-
erwise, a scheme may still constitute wire fraud even if the defendant
provides something of value in return. To "obtain" means "to gain or
attain possession," Webster's Third New International Dictionary 1559,
and money or property is no less "obtained" simply because something
else is given in return. Pp. 123 -- 124.
(2) Petitioners argue that economic loss is inherent to the common-
law understanding of fraud, a term that appears twice in the wire fraud
Page Proof Pending Publication
statute. But when Congress uses a common-law term, the presumption
that the term "brings [its] old soil with it" applies only to the extent
that the term has a settled meaning. Sekhar v. United States,. At common law, the term "fraud" had an expansive reach; its
elements and remedies depended on the plaintiff's alleged injury. In
contract-rescission actions or prosecutions for false pretenses, for exam-
ple, most courts did not require the victim to show economic loss. In-
stead, it was suffcient that the victim had "received property of a differ-
ent character or condition than [it] was promised," even if of equal value.
W. Keeton, D. Dobbs, R. Keeton, & D. Owen, Prosser and Keeton on
Law of Torts, p. 766 (Prosser & Keeton). Stated otherwise, it was
the deception-induced deprivation of property -- not economic loss -- that
common-law courts generally deemed injurious. See Stillwell v.
Rankin, 55 Mont. 130, 135, 174 P. 186, 187. Contrast the tort of deceit:
To have a complete cause of action, the plaintiff must have suffered
economic loss. See Prosser & Keeton, at 765. In sum, then, the
common law did not establish a general rule requiring economic loss in
all fraud cases, so the Court will not read such a requirement into.
Pp. 124 -- 129.
(3) Petitioners concede that the common law did not require eco-
nomic loss in every case. But their purported exception -- cases in
which either the plaintiff received "something different from what was
116 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

promised" or the bargain "involv[ed] an item with unique qualities,"
Reply Brief 15 -- lacks a driving principle. At the right level of specifc-
ity, anything can be described as "unique" or "different from" something
else. Indeed, the common law has long embraced a different stand-
ard -- namely, materiality -- as the principled basis for distinguishing ev-
eryday misstatements from actionable fraud. Today, the Court reiter-
ates "that materiality of falsehood is an element of," and thus a limit
on, the federal fraud statutes. Neder v. United States,.
But because Alpha and Kousisis have not contested the materiality of
their representations, the Court does not resolve the parties' debate
about the proper standard for materiality under. Pp. 130 -- 132.
(b) The fraudulent-inducement theory is neither foreclosed by, nor in-
consistent with, the Court's precedent. The Court has twice rejected
the argument that a fraud conviction depends on economic loss, frst in
Carpenter v. United States, and then in Shaw v. United
States,. And despite Alpha and Kousisis's contrary argu-
ments, the fraudulent-inducement theory does not permit a fraud convic-
tion premised on mere interference with the State's power to regulate.
No matter the underlying theory of fraud, requires that "money
or property" have been an object of the fraudster's scheme. The

Page Proof Pending Publication
money-or-property requirement also explains why the fraudulent-
inducement theory does not, as petitioners maintain, collapse the dis-
tinction between the wire fraud statute and the statutes that prohibit
conspiracies to defraud the United States, see 18 U. S. C., and false
or fraudulent statements in federal matters, see. Nor does the
theory undermine this Court's precedent holding that, aside from the
honest-services exception, does not "protect intangible interests
unconnected to traditional property rights." Ciminelli, 598 U. S., at
312. If a scheme targets some kind of intangible interest -- for example,
a citizen's interest in "impartial government" -- the fraudulent-induce-
ment theory is inapplicable. McNally v. United States,. Finally, the fraudulent-inducement theory does not "repackage"
the right-to-control theory rejected in Ciminelli. Unlike the right-to-
control theory, fraudulent inducement does not treat "mere information
as the protected interest." 598 U. S., at 315. Rather, it protects
money and property. Pp. 132 -- 134.
(c) The fraudulent-inducement theory does not risk turning every
misrepresentation designed to induce a transaction into property fraud.
Instead, the theory criminalizes a particular species of fraud, and the
"demanding" materiality requirement substantially narrows the uni-
verse of actionable misrepresentations. Universal Health Services,
Inc. v. United States ex rel. Escobar,. And while the
 Cite as: (2025) 117

Opinion of the Court

wire fraud statute is broad, it is up to Congress, if it so chooses, to
change it. Pp. 134 -- 135.
82 F. 4th 230, affrmed.

Barrett, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Alito, Kagan, Kavanaugh, and Jackson, JJ., joined.
Thomas, J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 135. Gorsuch, J., fled an
opinion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment, post, p. 146.
Sotomayor, J., fled an opinion concurring in the judgment, post, p. 157.

Jeffrey L. Fisher argued the cause for petitioners. With
him on the briefs were Lisa A. Mathewson, Jason Zarrow,
Easha Anand, Pamela S. Karlan, Jenya Godina, and Rachel
A. Chung.
Deputy Solicitor General Feigin argued the cause for the
United States. With him on the brief were Solicitor Gen-
eral Prelogar, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral Argentieri, Sopan Joshi, and Joshua K. Handell.*

Page
Justice Proof Pending
Barrett delivered Publication
the opinion of the Court.
Stamatios Kousisis and the industrial-painting company he
helped manage, Alpha Painting and Construction Co., se-
cured two government contracts for painting projects in
Philadelphia. Both contracts required the participation of a
disadvantaged business -- and in its bids for the projects,
Alpha represented to the Pennsylvania Department of
Transportation (PennDOT) that it would obtain its materials
from a qualifying supplier. See 49 CFR.21(a), 26.5
(2024). This promise turned out to be an empty one: In ad-
dition to using the supplier solely as a pass-through entity,
Alpha and Kousisis submitted multiple false certifcations to
cover up their scheme. So although Alpha's paint work met

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Due Process
Institute by John D. Cline; for the National Association of Criminal
Defense Lawyers et al. by Steven F. Molo, Joshua L. Dratel, and Eric
R. Nitz; and for Moshe Porat by Alexandra A. E. Shapiro and Ted
Sampsell-Jones.
118 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

expectations, its adherence to the disadvantaged-business
requirement did not.
The Government charged Alpha and Kousisis with wire
fraud, asserting that they had fraudulently induced Penn-
DOT to award them the painting contracts. See 18 U. S. C.. Under the fraudulent-inducement theory, a defend-
ant commits federal fraud whenever he uses a material mis-
statement to trick a victim into a contract that requires
handing over her money or property -- regardless of whether
the fraudster, who often provides something in return, seeks
to cause the victim net pecuniary loss. We must decide
whether this theory is consistent with, which reaches
only those schemes that target traditional money or property
interests. See Ciminelli v. United States, 
(2023). It is, so we affrm.
I
When two Philadelphia landmarks, the Girard Point
Page Proof Pending Publication
Bridge and the 30th Street Station, fell into disrepair, Penn-
DOT began soliciting bids for their restoration. Kousisis,
Alpha's project manager, submitted a bid for each project.
His bidding proved successful: With respect to the Girard
Point project, PennDOT awarded a $70.3 million contract to
a joint venture comprising Alpha and two other companies.
And with respect to the 30th Street project, Alpha and an-
other company (again operating as a joint venture) secured
a $15 million subcontract, which represented nearly a third
of the $50.8 million total winning bid.
Federal grants from the U. S. Department of Transporta-
tion (DOT) accounted for a large portion of the funding for
each project. As a result, both the State and Federal Gov-
ernments had a say in how the projects were completed.
Relevant here, DOT requires that grant recipients like Penn-
DOT establish and "actively implemen[t]" a disadvantaged-
business program. 49 CFR.21, 26.39(c); see also 112
Stat. 113 -- 115. A "[d]isadvantaged [b]usiness [e]nterprise,"
according to DOT, is "a for-proft small business" that is ma-
 Cite as: (2025) 119

Opinion of the Court

jority owned and controlled by "one or more individuals who
are both socially and economically disadvantaged.".5
(italics omitted). Because DOT aspires to devote at least 10
percent of federal grant funding to such businesses, grant
recipients must set "overall goal[s]" for disadvantaged-
business participation in their "DOT-assisted contracts.".41, 26.45(a)(1).
Consistent with this rule, PennDOT required that bidders
for the Girard Point and 30th Street projects commit to sub-
contracting a percentage of the total contract amount -- six
and seven percent, respectively -- to a disadvantaged busi-
ness. Failing to comply with this requirement would consti-
tute "a material breach" and could "result in [contract] termi-
nation." App. 114, 175. Accordingly, as part of the bidding
process, Kousisis represented that Alpha would acquire ap-
proximately $6.4 million in painting supplies from Markias,
Inc., a prequalifed disadvantaged business.
This was a lie. As later memorialized in a commitment
Page Proof Pending Publication
letter, Alpha and Kousisis concocted a scheme in which Mar-
kias would function as a mere "pass-through" entity. The
scheme operated as follows: Kousisis arranged for Alpha's
actual paint suppliers, with whom he negotiated directly, to
"generate purchase orders... billed to Markias." Id., at
193. When Markias received an invoice, it tacked on a few-
percent fee and then forwarded the infated invoice to
Kousisis. He, in turn, issued two checks: one paid Markias
for its mark up, and the other covered the actual cost of the
supplies. In short, Markias was no more than a paper
pusher, funneling checks and invoices to and from Alpha's
actual suppliers. Not only did this arrangement contradict
Kousisis's prior representations, it also contravened DOT's
rule that a contributing disadvantaged business must "per-
for[m] a commercially useful function.".55(c).1
1
At least on these facts, DOT left no room for ambiguity: A disadvan-
taged business "does not perform a commercially useful function if its
role is limited to that of an extra participant in a transaction, contract,
120 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Kousisis's scheme initially went undetected. As the proj-
ects progressed, he falsely reported qualifying payments to
Markias. PennDOT, satisfed with Alpha's paint and repair
work, paid it accordingly. By the time the last coat of paint
had dried, Alpha had turned a gross proft of over $20 mil-
lion. And Markias, for its "pass-through" services, had
pocketed a total of about $170,000.
Once the deception came to light, a grand jury indicted
Alpha and Kousisis for wire fraud and conspiracy to commit
the same. See 18 U. S. C., 1349. After a trial, the
jury found them guilty of three counts of wire fraud and
one count of conspiracy. Alpha and Kousisis moved for a
judgment of acquittal, arguing that because their paintwork
met PennDOT's expectations, PennDOT had received the full
economic beneft of its bargain. Thus, notwithstanding the
lack of disadvantaged-business participation, the Govern-
ment could not prove that they had schemed to defraud
PennDOT of "money or property" as the federal wire fraud
Page Proof Pending Publication
statute requires..
The District Court rejected this argument, and the Third
Circuit affrmed the convictions. As both courts explained,
"obtaining the [G]overnment's money or property was pre-
cisely the object" of Alpha and Kousisis's "fraudulent
scheme." 82 F. 4th 230, 240 (2023); see also 2019 WL
4126484, *13 (ED Pa., June 17, 2019) ("[T]he scheme targeted
PennDOT's money, because the agency paid for services -- 
construction performed with materials supplied by a [disad-
vantaged business] -- which it did not receive"). "Put sim-
ply," Alpha and Kousisis "set out to obtain millions of dollars
that they would not have received but for their fraudulent
misrepresentations." 82 F. 4th, at 240.
The circuits are divided over the validity of a federal fraud
conviction when the defendant did not seek to cause the vic-
tim net pecuniary loss. Several circuits, now including the
or project through which funds are passed to obtain the appearance" of
disadvantaged-business "participation.".55(c)(2).
 Cite as: (2025) 121

Opinion of the Court

Third, hold that such convictions may stand. See, e. g., id.,
at 240 -- 244; United States v. Leahy, 464 F. 3d 773, 787 -- 789
(CA7 2006); United States v. Granberry, 908 F. 2d 278, 280
(CA8 1990); United States v. Richter, 796 F. 3d 1173, 1192
(CA10 2015). Others disagree. See, e. g., United States v.
Shellef, 507 F. 3d 82, 108 -- 109 (CA2 2007); United States v.
Sadler, 750 F. 3d 585, 590 -- 592 (CA6 2014); United States v.
Bruchhausen, 977 F. 2d 464, 467 -- 468 (CA9 1992); United
States v. Takhalov, 827 F. 3d 1307, 1312 -- 1314 (CA11 2016);
United States v. Guertin, 67 F. 4th 445, 450 -- 452 (CADC
2023). We granted certiorari to resolve the split. (2024).
II
To convict Alpha and Kousisis, the Government needed to
prove that they used the wires to execute a "scheme or arti-
fce to defraud, or for obtaining money or property by means
of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or prom-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ises." 18 U. S. C.. Despite the use of the disjunctive
"or," we have declined to interpret as establishing al-
ternative pathways to a conviction. Instead, reading the
two clauses together, we have held that "the money-or-
property requirement of the latter phrase" operates as a lim-
itation on the former. McNally v. United States, -- 360 (1987).2 A defendant commits federal wire
fraud, in other words, only if he both " `engaged in decep-
tion' " and had " `money or property' " as " `an object' " of his
fraud. Ciminelli, 598 U. S., at 312 ).
The money-or-property requirement lies at the heart of
this dispute. Although the lower courts once interpreted
the phrase "money or property" as something of a catchall,
we recently reiterated that the federal fraud statutes reach
2
Although McNally involved the mail fraud statute, " `we have
construed identical language in the wire and mail fraud statutes in pari
materia.' " Ciminelli v. United States, (2023); see
Kelly v. United States, (2020).
122 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

only "traditional property interests." Ciminelli, 598 U. S.,
at 316. Schemes that target the exercise of the Govern-
ment's regulatory power, for example, do not count. See
Kelly, 590 U. S., at 400; see also Cleveland v. United States,
-- 24 (2000). Nor do schemes that seek to de-
prive another of "intangible interests unconnected to prop-
erty." Ciminelli, 598 U. S., at 315; see also McNally, 483
U. S., at 356.3 And in all cases, because money or property
must be an object of the defendant's fraud, the traditional
property interest at issue "must play more than some bit
part in a scheme." Kelly, 590 U. S., at 402. Obtaining the
victim's money or property must have been the "aim," not
an "incidental byproduct," of the defendant's fraud. Id., at
402, 404.
From these rules, Alpha and Kousisis attempt to glean an-
other: A federal fraud conviction cannot stand, they argue,
unless the defendant sought to hurt the victim's bottom line.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Brief for Petitioners 2; Reply Brief 8. Yet the theory under
which petitioners were prosecuted -- what they call the
fraudulent-inducement theory -- is devoid of an economic-loss
requirement. As both parties describe it, the theory sup-
ports liability for federal fraud anytime a defendant " `us[es]
falsehoods to induce a victim to enter into a transaction.' "
Brief for Petitioners 29. In
these situations, the defendant need not -- and given the re-
ciprocal nature of most transactions, often will not -- aim to
infict economic loss. Because Alpha and Kousisis did not
aim to do so here, they contend that their convictions are
invalid.
We are not convinced. The fraudulent-inducement theory
is consistent with both the text of the wire fraud statute and

3
Responding to our decision in McNally, Congress amended the statute
to include schemes that seek to "deprive another of the intangible right of
honest services." ; see also Cleveland, 531 U. S., at 19 -- 20 (describ-
ing this history). That exception is irrelevant here.
 Cite as: (2025) 123

Opinion of the Court

our precedent interpreting it. We therefore reject petition-
ers' proposed economic-loss requirement.

A
1
Start with the statute. To be guilty of wire fraud, a de-
fendant must (1) "devis[e]" or "inten[d] to devise" a scheme
(2) to "obtai[n] money or property" (3) "by means of false or
fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises.".
The prototypical fraudulent-inducement scheme plainly sat-
isfes each of these statutory elements. Under the theory, a
defendant (1) "devise[s]" a "scheme" (2) to induce the victim
into a contract to "obtai[n]" her "money or property" (3) "by
means of false or fraudulent pretenses." No matter how
long we stare at it, the broad, generic language of 
leaves us struggling to see any basis for excluding a
fraudulent-inducement scheme.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Take the facts of this very case. By using Markias as a
pass-through entity, petitioners "devised" a "scheme" to ob-
tain contracts through feigned compliance with PennDOT's
disadvantaged-business requirement. Ibid. Their goal?
To "obtai[n] money" (tens of millions of dollars) from Penn-
DOT. Ibid. And how? By making a number of "false or
fraudulent... representations" -- frst about their plans to
obtain paint supplies from Markias and later about having
done exactly that. Ibid. Section 1343 requires nothing
more.
Alpha and Kousisis's contrary view rests on the premise
that a scheme cannot constitute wire fraud if, as here, the
defendant provides something -- be it money, property, or
services -- of equal value in return. But the statute says oth-
erwise. To "obtain" something means "to gain or attain pos-
session" of it, usually "by some planned action or method."
Webster's Third New International Dictionary 1559
(2002). A thing is no less "obtained" simply because some-
thing else is simultaneously given in return. An art collec-
124 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

tor who acquires a rare sculpture can rightfully say that she
"obtained" it, notwithstanding the six-fgure price tag. And
because the meaning of "obtain" does not turn on the value
of the exchanged items, the art collector can still say that
she "obtained" the sculpture even if it was not objectively
worth the price she paid.
In short, the wire fraud statute is agnostic about economic
loss. The statute does not so much as mention loss, let alone
require it. Instead, a defendant violates by scheming
to "obtain" the victim's "money or property," regardless of
whether he seeks to leave the victim economically worse off.
A conviction premised on a fraudulent inducement thus com-
ports with.
2
Resisting this conclusion, Alpha and Kousisis assert that
economic loss is part and parcel of the common-law under-
standing of fraud, a term that appears in two forms in the
Page Proof Pending Publication
wire fraud statute. (a "scheme or artifce to defraud... by means of false or fraudulent pretenses" ). When Congress uses a term with origins in the
common law, we generally presume that the term " `brings
the old soil with it.' " Sekhar v. United States, (2013). As petitioners note, we have long interpreted
the statutory term "fraud" (and its variations) this way -- 
that is, by reference to its common-law pedigree. See Neder
v. United States, -- 22 (1999); Universal Health
Services, Inc. v. United States ex rel. Escobar, (2016) ("[T]he term `fraudulent' is a paradigmatic exam-
ple of a statutory term that incorporates the common-law
meaning of fraud").
This old-soil principle applies, however, only to the extent
that a common-law term has " `accumulated [a] settled mean-
ing.' " Neder, 527 U. S., at 21; Kemp v. United States, (2022). So to show that economic loss is neces-
sary to securing a federal fraud conviction, Alpha and
Kousisis must show that such loss was "widely accepted" as
 Cite as: (2025) 125

Opinion of the Court

a component of common-law fraud. Morissette v. United
States, (1952). They cannot.
At common law, "fraud" was a term with expansive reach.
Rather than settle on a single form of liability, courts recog-
nized at least three, and the particular elements and reme-
dies turned on the nature of the plaintiff's alleged injury.
To appreciate how the three forms differed, it may help to
consider a variation of the facts here. Imagine that Penn-
DOT discovered petitioners' scheme soon after Alpha and
Kousisis had begun work on the Girard Point and 30th Street
projects. In such a circumstance, law and equity provided
at least three avenues for relief: PennDOT could (1) seek to
rescind the contracts; (2) refer the matter for indictment
under the crime of false pretenses; or (3) bring a tort action
against the fraudsters for the damages incurred.
If PennDOT had wanted to rescind the fraud-infected con-
tracts, most courts would historically have permitted it to
Page Proof Pending Publication
do so even without a showing of economic loss. To obtain a
rescission, PennDOT would have needed to establish only
that it had "received property of a different character or con-
dition than [it] was promised" ("although of equal value") or,
more relevant here, that the transaction had "prove[d] to be
less advantageous than as represented" ("although there
[was] no actual loss"). W. Keeton, D. Dobbs, R. Keeton, &
D. Owen, Prosser and Keeton on Law of Torts, p. 766
(5th ed. 1984) (Prosser & Keeton). Put differently, many
courts would have awarded the equitable remedy of rescis-
sion simply because Alpha and Kousisis had tricked Penn-
DOT into a bargain materially different from the one they
had promised. See Hirschman v. Healy, 162 Minn. 328, 331,
202 N. W. 734, 735 (1925) ("[I]t is to be noted that it was not
indispensable to prove damages in dollars and cents to have
cancelation or rescission of the contract and note for misrep-
resentations"); Williams v. Kerr, 152 Pa. 560, 565, 25 A. 618,
619 (1893); Spreckels v. Gorrill, 152 Cal. 383, 391, 92 P. 1011,
1015 (1907). To borrow a summary from Black (of Black's
126 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Law Dictionary fame) many "decisions repudiate[d] alto-
gether [a] rule requiring a showing of actual damage." 1 H.
Black, Rescission of Contracts and Cancellation of Written
Instruments, p. 314 (1916).4
The same no-loss-required rule applied with equal force
to the crime of false pretenses. As many courts held, the
crime "was complete when the property was fraudulently
obtained." West v. State, 63 Neb. 257, 259, 88 N. W. 503, 504
(1901); see also Commonwealth v. Coe, 115 Mass. 481, 502 -- 
503 (1874); People v. Bryant, 119 Cal. 595, 597, 51 P. 960, 961
(1898); Commonwealth v. Ferguson, 135 Ky. 32, 34, 121 S. W.
967, 968 (1909); F. Byrne, False Pretenses and Cheats § II(7),
in 12 American and English Encyclopaedia of Law 835 (D.
Garland, L. McGehee, & J. Cockcroft eds., 2d ed. 1899). And
because "actual loss" need not "follow[,]... it [was] immate-
rial that goods given in an exchange secured by false pre-
tenses were equal in value to those obtained." 1 E. Mc-
Clain, Criminal Law, p. 686 (1897). Thus, if someone
Page Proof Pending Publication
purchased "a picture upon the assertion untruly made that
it was from the brush of some distinguished painter," the
fact that "the picture was of value" would not relieve the
seller of "the criminality of the false pretense." Bartlett v.
State, 28 Ohio St. 669, 672 (1876). In such a case, the plain-
tiff had been "actually defrauded" even though she had not
"suffered actual pecuniary loss." In re Rudebeck, 95 Wash.
433, 440, 163 P. 930, 933 (1917).
The Maine Supreme Court's decision in State v. Mills is
illustrative. 17 Me. 211 (1840). There, a horse owner rep-
resented to a potential buyer that the horse "was called the
Charley," even though "he knew that it was not the horse

4
To be sure, some courts saw things differently. See 1 Black, Rescis-
sion of Contracts, at 312 -- 313. But because Alpha and Kousisis must
show that an economic-loss requirement "was `well-settled' before the
transplantation" of the term "fraud" into, any divergence among
courts further confrms that the old-soil principle does not apply. Kemp
v. United States, (2022).
 Cite as: (2025) 127

Opinion of the Court

called by that name." Ibid. (syllabus). Persuaded, the
buyer exchanged his "colt and fve dollars in money" for the
horse. Ibid. But as the buyer soon learned, the horse was
not "the Charley," though the seller claimed that it "was as
good a horse" and "of equal or greater value" than the colt
and money. Id., at 212. The court, overruling the defend-
ant's objections to the guilty verdict, explained that the facts
constituted "a case literally within" the false-pretenses stat-
ute. Id., at 218 (majority opinion). Obtaining a conviction
on false pretenses required proving simply "that any one of
the pretences [sic] was false, and that the injured party was
induced thereby to part with his property." Id., at 217.
Treating Mills as an outlier, Alpha and Kousisis argue that
common-law courts generally refused to entertain an action
for fraud if the victim had not been injured. In one sense,
they are correct: We have said that a fraud occurs only when
the victim "has been actually misled to his injury." Smith
v. Richards, 13 Pet. 26, 39 (1839); see also Clarke v. White,
Page Proof Pending Publication
12 Pet. 178, 196 (1838) ("[A] mere fraudulent intent, unac-
companied by any injurious act, is not the subject of judicial
cognizance" ). But petitioners beg the
question by assuming that economic loss alone could satisfy
this common-law "injury" requirement. As the cases and
treatises discussed above confrm, it was the deception-
induced deprivation of property -- not economic loss -- that
common-law courts generally deemed injurious.5 See Still-

5
Justice Gorsuch understands us to have "spurn[ed] fraud's historic
injury rule." Post, at 147 (opinion concurring in part and concurring in
judgment). Respectfully, he is mistaken. All agree that "at common law,
fraud required proof that the victim was injured." Post, at 148. But as
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania put it in Williams v. Kerr, an "injury"
has occurred when a fraudster "obtain[s] from an owner, by a false represen-
tation of a fact which he deems material, property which he would not other-
wise have parted with upon the terms which he is thus induced to accept."
152 Pa. 560, 565, 25 A. 618, 619 (1893); see also MacLaren v. Cochran, 44
Minn. 255, 258, 46 N. W. 408, 410 (1890) ("If a party is induced to enter
into a contract by fraudulent representations as to a fact which he deems
128 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

well v. Rankin, 55 Mont. 130, 135, 174 P. 186, 187 (1918)
(Courts "do not concern themselves with wrongs which do
not produce injury; but `injury' and `pecuniary loss' are not
synonymous terms"). Thus, Mills is no outlier.
That said, a different rule applied to the tort of deceit.
To have a complete cause of action, the plaintiff must have
"suffered substantial damage"; in other words, economic loss.
Prosser & Keeton, at 765; see Butler v. Watkins, 13
Wall. 456, 464 (1872); Dura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Broudo,
-- 344 (2005) (The common-law deceit action
required a plaintiff to show "that he suffered actual economic
loss"). So, returning to the modifed facts introduced above,
PennDOT could not have brought a tort claim for deceit un-
less Alpha and Kousisis's scheme had caused it economic loss.
(Maybe PennDOT had passed over a less costly bid, for
example, or restarted the bidding process at signifcant
expense.)
Regardless, cases involving deceit are largely inapposite
Page Proof Pending Publication
to the question presented here. Courts required economic
loss not because it was inherent to the common-law under-
standing of fraud, but because a tort action for deceit
"sound[ed] in damage" and thus was designed to compensate
a plaintiff for her economic loss. United States v. Dunn, (1925); see G. McCleary, Damage as Requisite

material, and upon which he has a right to rely,... the party in the wrong
should not be heard to say that no real injury can result from the fact
misrepresented"); Carlisle v. State, 76 Ala. 75, 77 (1884) ("The only injury
that can be inficted, `by any false pretense or token,' by which one person
`obtains from another any money or other personal property,' is the decep-
tion which imposes on the confdence of that other"); 1 E. McClain, Crimi-
nal Law, p. 686 (1897) ("It is the obtaining of the money or property
that is the perpetration of the fraud"). And in no sense is our recognition
of this common-law defnition mere "dicta." Post, at 156 (opinion of Gor-
such, J.). Rather, it is essential to our holding. To reject that pecuniary
loss is an element of fraud is to accept -- as common-law courts long have -- 
that a fraud is complete when the defendant has induced the deprivation
of money or property under materially false pretenses.
 Cite as: (2025) 129

Opinion of the Court

to Rescission for Misrepresentation, 36 Mich. L. Rev. 1, 17
(1937) (describing rescission and damages as "two entirely
different approaches to the problem of relief for misrepresen-
tation"). So it is no surprise that courts required deceit vic-
tims to "prove damage to establish a right to recover."
Dunn, 268 U. S., at 131.
To summarize, then, common-law courts did not uniformly
condition an action sounding in fraud on the plaintiff's ability
to prove economic loss. More specifcally, if the action was
one for rescission or a prosecution for false pretenses, the
plaintiff's required "injury" ordinarily need not be fnancial.
That sounds the death knell for Alpha and Kousisis's reliance
on the common law. The old-soil principle does not apply in
the absence of a well-settled rule. Kemp, 596 U. S., at 539.
In Pasquantino v. United States, for example, we refused to
read "the wire fraud statute to except frauds directed at
evading foreign taxes" because the relevant common-law
rule did not "clearly ba[r] such a prosecution.",
Page Proof Pending Publication
359 -- 360 (2005). So too here: The common law did not estab-
lish a generally applicable rule that all fraud plaintiffs must
plead and prove economic loss, so we will not read such a
requirement into the wire fraud statute.6 See id., at 364.
6
Justice Gorsuch's proposed injury requirement suffers from much
the same problem. He relies primarily on cases that involve other ele-
ments of common-law fraud -- namely, falsity and intent to defraud. See
post, at 149 -- 150 (opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment)
(falsity); State
v. Asher, 50 Ark. 427, 430 -- 431, 8 S. W. 177, 178 (1888) (falsity); Rex v. Wil-
liams, 7 Car. & P. 354, 173 Eng. Rep. 158 (N. P. 1836) (Coleridge, J.) (intent
to defraud); People v. Baker, 96 N. Y. 340, 347 -- 348 (1884) (intent to de-
fraud); People v. Wakely, 62 Mich. 297, 300 -- 303, 28 N. W. 871, 872 -- 873
(1886) (both)). And as for State v. Palmer, 50 Kan. 318, 32 P. 29 (1893),
even the Kansas Supreme Court has said that it "did not defne `injury.' "
State v. Schultz, 252 Kan. 819, 848, 850 P. 2d 818, 837 (1993). Justice
Gorsuch also points to a series of cases from the courts of appeals. See
post, at 150 (opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment). But
because these cases postdate the enactment of the wire fraud statute
(many by several decades), any rule they articulate -- even assuming it is
130 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

3
Even Alpha and Kousisis concede that the common law did
not require economic loss in every case. As they acknowl-
edge, if a plaintiff was "delivered something different from
what was promised" -- even something of equivalent value -- 
or if the bargain "involv[ed] an item with unique qualities,"
then "failing to deliver as promised might constitute prop-
erty fraud." Reply Brief 15. When pressed at oral argu-
ment, petitioners referred to these scenarios as "the excep-
tion." Tr. of Oral Arg. 10. But a few examples reveal just
how easily such an "exception" swallows the rule. If some-
one contracts for a painting of her grandfather and instead
winds up with a portrait of Grover Cleveland, petitioners'
so-called "exception" concededly applies. Id., at 9 -- 11. So
too if a supplier promises "apples" but instead delivers
"oranges." Reply Brief 15. But if these two examples ft
the exception, why not a heap of coal worth a million dollars
Page Proof Pending Publication
instead of a gold bar worth the same? Tr. of Oral Arg. 28 -- 
30. Or, more to the point, why not services performed with
materials from a non-disadvantaged supplier when the gov-
ernment demanded a disadvantaged one? Petitioners offer
no principled way to draw the line.
And there is none, because at the right level of specifcity,
anything can be described as "unique" or "different from"
something else. After all, "animal," "horse," "sound horse,"
and "the horse called the Charley" are all accurate descrip-
tions of the bargained-for property in Mills. 17 Me., at 212,
216. Only the most specifc of those descriptions, "the horse
called the Charley," distinguishes the property promised
from the property received, yet the court still had no trouble
labeling the case as one of "false pretence [sic], fraudulently
made." Id., at 218.

a coherent one -- cannot possibly satisfy the old-soil principle. Thus, Jus-
tice Gorsuch's injury requirement rests not on " `well-settled' " soil, but
on shifting sands. Kemp, 596 U. S., at 539.
 Cite as: (2025) 131

Opinion of the Court

Tellingly, Alpha and Kousisis identify no source of author-
ity that supports treating uniqueness as some kind of excep-
tion to the no-loss-required rule. That is probably because
the common law has long embraced a different standard -- 
namely, materiality -- as the principled basis for distinguish-
ing everyday misstatements from actionable fraud.
Whether in tort or contract law, "materiality look[s] to the
effect on the likely or actual behavior of the recipient of
the alleged misrepresentation." Universal Health Serv-
ices, 579 U. S., at 193 (internal quotation marks omitted; al-
teration in original). Resembling a but-for standard, mate-
riality asks whether the misrepresentation "constitut[ed] an
inducement or motive" to enter into a transaction. Smith,
13 Pet., at 39. Or, as we explained in Universal Health
Services, a misrepresentation is material if a reasonable per-
son would attach importance to it in deciding how to proceed,
or if the defendant knew (or should have known) that the
recipient would likely deem it important. 579 U. S., at 193
Page Proof Pending Publication
of Torts (1976); Restate-
ment (Second) of Contracts (1979)).7
Before us, the parties debate the details of the materiality
standard for purposes of. For their part, Alpha and
Kousisis direct us to the common-law test just described -- 
what they call "the traditional materiality test." Reply
Brief 18 -- 21. The Government, by contrast, proposes an
essence-of-the-bargain test, under which a misrepresentation
is material only if it goes " `to the very essence' " of the par-
ties' " `bargain.' " Universal Health Services, 579 U. S., at
7
While Justice Gorsuch is right to note that assessing whether a mis-
representation is material "will not always be simple," post, at 155 (opinion
concurring in part and concurring in judgment), he overlooks that "materi-
ality is judged according to an objective standard," Amgen Inc. v. Con-
necticut Retirement Plans and Trust Funds, (2013).
That is not true of his proposed injury requirement. As "the horse called
the Charley" example illustrates, whether a victim " `got exactly what he
paid for' " will often lie in the eye of the beholder. Post, at 151 (opinion
of Gorsuch, J.).
132 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

194, ); see Brief for United
States 43 -- 45. We need not settle the debate here, however,
because Alpha and Kousisis have not contested that their
misrepresentations were material. For now, it is enough to
reiterate "that materiality of falsehood is an element of " -- 
and thus a limit on -- the federal fraud statutes. Neder, 527
U. S., at 25. A conviction premised on the fraudulent-
inducement theory cannot be sustained without it.

B
Petitioners insist that our precedent forecloses the
fraudulent-inducement theory, but they are wrong: We have
twice rejected the argument that a fraud conviction depends
on economic loss. We did so frst in Carpenter v. United
States, a case in which the defendants had repeatedly leaked
the contents of a newspaper's investment column. 484 U. S.
Page Proof Pending Publication
19, 23 (1987). Although the scheme did not cause the news-
paper "monetary loss," it was suffcient, we held, that the
newspaper "ha[d] been deprived of its right to exclusive use"
of its proprietary information. Id., at 26. Then, in Shaw v.
United States, we affrmed a conviction under the bank fraud
statute even though "no bank involved in the scheme" had
"suffered any monetary loss." (2016). The
statute, we explained, "demands neither a showing of ulti-
mate fnancial loss nor a showing of intent to cause fnancial
loss." Ibid.
Still, Alpha and Kousisis contend that the fraudulent-
inducement theory is at odds with other aspects of our prece-
dent. First, they argue that it permits a fraud conviction
premised on mere interference with "the State's `sovereign
power to regulate.' " Kelly, 590 U. S., at 401. Not so. No matter the underlying
theory of fraud, requires that "money or property"
have been an object of the fraudster's scheme. See 590
U. S., at 393. So if the scheme is one to alter the exercise
 Cite as: (2025) 133

Opinion of the Court

of regulatory power -- say, by tricking the Government into
handing over a gaming license -- the fraudulent-inducement
theory has no role to play. See Cleveland, 531 U. S., at 23 -- 
24. But if, as here, the fraudster seeks to induce the Gov-
ernment into a transfer of its money or property, that loss is
suffcient to sustain a fraud conviction. The loss is not, as
petitioners argue, a mere "incidental byproduct" of a scheme
to manipulate the exercise of regulatory power. Kelly, 590
U. S., at 403. If anything, the inverse is typically true: In
the mine run of fraudulent-inducement schemes, undermin-
ing the Government's regulatory interests is merely "an inci-
dental (even if foreseen) byproduct" of obtaining its money
or property. See ibid. Here, for example, Alpha and
Kousisis had money in mind. Nothing suggests that they
concocted their scheme with the goal of thwarting Penn-
DOT's disadvantaged-business initiative. Such a result was
downstream of their "object" to line their pockets. Ibid.;
Page Proof Pending Publication
see also 82 F. 4th, at 240.
The money-or-property requirement also explains why the
fraudulent-inducement theory does not, as petitioners main-
tain, "collapse Congress's distinction" between the wire
fraud statute and the statutes that prohibit conspiracies to
defraud the United States, see 18 U. S. C., and false or
fraudulent statements in federal matters, see. Brief
for Petitioners 27. Because these latter statutes are not
limited to schemes to "obtai[n] money or property," they ex-
tend beyond what the fraudulent-inducement theory can
reach.. See United States v. Ressam, (2008) (describing a conviction under for making
"false statements to a customs offcial" to obtain entry into
the United States). Thus, fraudulent inducement cannot
convert every lie punishable under and into a
fraud offense subject to a possible 20-year sentence.
Nor does the theory undermine our precedent holding
that -- aside from the honest-services exception -- does
not "protect intangible interests unconnected to traditional
134 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

property rights." Ciminelli, 598 U. S., at 312. As already
discussed, a defendant commits wire fraud only if his scheme
"aimed to deprive" the victim of a traditional property inter-
est. Kelly, 590 U. S., at 400; see also Ciminelli, 598 U. S., at
309. If the scheme instead targeted some kind of intangible
interest -- for example, a citizen's interest in "impartial gov-
ernment" -- the fraudulent-inducement theory is inapplicable.
McNally, 483 U. S., at 355.
Finally, the fraudulent-inducement theory is not a "repack-
ag[ing]" of the right-to-control theory. Reply Brief 11. In
Ciminelli, we rejected the latter theory, which maintains
that the term " `property' in " includes " `the right to
control the use of one's assets.' " 598 U. S., at 311. Accord-
ing to this strained defnition of "property," a defendant vio-
lates simply by "schem[ing] to deprive a victim of
potentially valuable economic information necessary to
make discretionary economic decisions." Id., at 310. Such
a scheme, we held, does not implicate any "traditional prop-
Page Proof Pending Publication
erty interes[t]." Id., at 316.
Unlike the right-to-control theory, fraudulent inducement
does not treat "mere information as the protected interest."
Id., at 315. Rather, it protects money and property. And
nothing we said in Ciminelli is at odds with our holding here.
Although the Government urged us to affrm Ciminelli's con-
viction on an alternative ground -- namely, the fraudulent-
inducement theory -- we declined to do so because it would
have required us "to assume not only the function of a court
of frst view, but also of a jury." Id., at 317. We did not
discuss, much less reject, the fraudulent-inducement theory.
See id., at 317 -- 318 (Alito, J., concurring) (observing that the
Court had not addressed "the Government's ability to retry
petitioner" on this theory).

III
Alpha and Kousisis warn of the consequences that will
ensue if we endorse the fraudulent-inducement theory.
 Cite as: (2025) 135

Thomas, J., concurring

"Under the theory," they say, "every intentional misrepre-
sentation designed to induce someone to transact in property
would constitute property fraud." Brief for Petitioners 40.
In their view, this result threatens fair notice and, by en-
croaching into States' police powers, runs headlong into prin-
ciples of federalism. Id., at 38 -- 39.
We are not persuaded. The "demanding" materiality re-
quirement substantially narrows the universe of actionable
misrepresentations. Universal Health Services, 579 U. S.,
at 194. And the boundaries of the fraudulent-inducement
theory are not so imprecise as to risk encroachment on
States' authority or to "create traps" for the "unwary."
Snyder v. United States, (2024). Rather, the
theory criminalizes a particular species of fraud: intention-
ally lying to induce a victim into a transaction that will cost
her money or property. As Judge Learned Hand put it, "[a]
man is none the less cheated out of his property, when he is
induced to part with it by fraud, because he gets a quid pro
Page Proof Pending Publication
quo of equal value." United States v. Rowe, 56 F. 2d 747,
749 (CA2 1932).
The "language of the wire fraud statute" is undeniably
"broad." Pasquantino, 544 U. S., at 372. But Congress
enacted the wire fraud statute, and it is up to Congress -- if
it so chooses -- to change it.

* * *
Fraudulent inducement "has long been considered a spe-
cies of actionable fraud." United States v. Feldman, 931
F. 3d 1245, 1270 (CA11 2019) (Pryor, J., concurring). Be-
cause the Third Circuit's judgment comports with, we
affrm it.
It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, concurring.
Petitioners Stamatios Kousisis and Alpha Painting and
Construction Co., Inc., ask the Court to add an economic-
136 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., concurring

loss requirement to the federal wire-fraud statute, 18 U. S. C.. The Court correctly rejects that request, and I join
its opinion in full.
I write separately to address an issue that the Court re-
serves: whether petitioners' misstatements were "material,"
and thus actionable, under. When the Government
prosecutes a defendant for wire fraud under a theory of
fraudulent inducement, the requirement of "materiality" pro-
vides "the principled basis for distinguishing everyday mis-
statements from actionable fraud." Ante, at 131. Because
petitioners "have not contested that their misrepresenta-
tions were material," the Court has no occasion to pass on
that issue today. Ante, at 132. But, I am skeptical that
petitioners' misrepresentations were material.

I
Petitioners entered into contracts with the Pennsylvania
Page Proof Pending Publication
Department of Transportation (PennDOT) for the restora-
tion of two Philadelphia properties, the Girard Point Bridge
and the 30th Street Station. The purpose of the Girard
Point Bridge contract was the "preservation of the Girard
Point Bridge." App. 108. The 30th Street Station contract
had a similar goal: the "[r]ehabilitation of bridges." Id., at
169. To achieve these goals, the contracts required paint-
ing, structural steel repairs, roadway reconstruction, and
other miscellaneous construction projects.
The contracts for these two jobs totaled more than a thou-
sand pages and imposed numerous regulatory, technical, and
ethical obligations. Among other things, the agreements
required petitioners to abide by the Workmen's Compensa-
tion Act of 1915; to follow specifc "Buy America Provisions"
that required petitioners to use steel and iron manufactured
in the United States; to generally avoid using "materials
produced by convict labor"; and to "not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, national origin or sex." See, e. g., App.
112, 114, 117 -- 119, 173, 175.
 Cite as: (2025) 137

Thomas, J., concurring

The contracts also required petitioners to "carry out appli-
cable requirements of 49 C.F.R. Part 26," id., at 114, 175 (em-
phasis deleted), which implements the Federal Government's
Disadvantaged Business Enterprise (DBE) program. The
DBE program is the Government's "most far-reaching fed-
eral status-based contracting program." D. Bernstein, The
Modern American Law of Race, 94 S. Cal. L. Rev. 171, 208
(2021) (Bernstein). Established in 1983, it sets a goal that
at least 10 percent of federal funds authorized for any high-
way and transit program "be expended with small business
concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically
disadvantaged individuals." Surface Transportation Assist-
ance Act of 1982, 96 Stat. 2100. Under Department of
Transportation (DOT) regulations, a small business qualifes
as a so-called DBE if it is "at least 51 percent owned by one
or more individuals who are both socially and economically
disadvantaged," and managed and controlled "by one or
Page Proof Pending Publication
more of the socially and economically disadvantaged individ-
uals who own it." 49 CFR.5 (2024).
DOT defnes the term "socially and economically disadvan-
taged" primarily on the basis of race and sex. The program
"rebuttably presume[s]" that any member of certain enumer-
ated races "has been subjected to racial or ethnic prejudice
or cultural bias within American society because of his or
her identity as a member of a group," and thus qualifes as a
"socially and economically disadvantaged individual." Ibid.
Among the groups presumptively eligible for DBE benefts
are " `Black Americans,' " " `Hispanic Americans,' " " `Native
Americans,' " " `Asian-Pacifc Americans,' " and " `Subconti-
nent Asian Americans.' " Ibid. The DBE program also
provides this favorable presumption to women. Ibid.
DBE certifers "may not question claims of group member-
ship as a matter of course.".67(a)(3). Thus, "[i]n prac-
tice, being certifed as a `minority' to get presumptive status
as the owner of a disadvantaged business eligible for prefer-
138 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., concurring

ences primarily operates on the honor code, as the informa-
tion is rarely verifed." Bernstein 223.
While those excluded from DOT's list of presumptively
disadvantaged groups may "attempt to prove" suffcient dis-
advantage,.67(d)(1), the application process is "a high
hurdle," Mid-America Milling Co., LLC v. United States
Dept. of Transp., 2024 WL 4267183, *9 (ED Ky., Sept. 23,
2024). For example, "[a] White male claiming to have expe-
rienced employment discrimination" must submit a detailed
"Personal Narrative" providing evidence that "his employ-
ment status and/or limited opportunities to earn income re-
sult from specifc prejudicial acts directed at him personally
because of an [objective distinguishing feature].".67(d).
PennDOT incorporated DBE goals into both contracts at
issue in this case, and, as the majority explains, petitioners
misrepresented their compliance with those provisions. See
ante, at 119. The Government prosecuted petitioners under
18 U. S. C., alleging fraudulent inducement. Ante, at
Page Proof Pending Publication
118. The jury convicted, and petitioner Kousisis was sen-
tenced to nearly six years in prison.
II
Although the Court leaves the question of materiality for
another day because it was uncontested here, ante, at 131 -- 
132, materiality is an element that the Government must sat-
isfy in any federal wire-fraud prosecution. See Neder v.
United States, (1999). The Government ar-
gues that the standard for materiality in this context is the
one this Court articulated in Universal Health Services, Inc.
v. United States ex rel. Escobar, (2016) -- 
whether a misrepresentation went to the very " `essence of
the bargain,' " Brief for United States 43. I seriously doubt
that the DBE provisions can meet this standard.
A
Universal Health Serv ices presented the question
whether "a defendant should face False Claims Act liability
 Cite as: (2025) 139

Thomas, J., concurring

only if it fails to disclose the violation of a contractual, statu-
tory, or regulatory provision that the Government expressly
designated a condition of payment." Id., at 190. While we
rejected that limitation, we stressed that "a misrepresenta-
tion about compliance with a statutory, regulatory, or con-
tractual requirement must be material to the Government's
payment decision in order to be actionable" under the False
Claims Act (FCA). Id., at 192.
We further observed that, "[u]nder any understanding of
the concept, materiality `look[s] to the effect on the likely or
actual behavior of the recipient of the alleged misrepresenta-
tion.' " Id., at 193 (Williston)). In contract-
ing specifcally, " `[a] misrepresentation is material' only if it
would `likely... induce a reasonable person to manifest his
assent,' or the defendant `knows that for some special reason
[the representation] is likely to induce the particular recipi-
ent to manifest his assent' to the transaction." 579 U. S., at
Page Proof Pending Publication
193 of Contracts, and
Comment c, pp. 439, 441 (1979)). Thus, we explained, for a
contract term to be material, it must go to " `the very es-
sence of the bargain.' " 579 U. S., at 194, ); see also 23 Williston :3, p. 483 (4th ed. 2018)
(materiality " `go[es] to the root' " of the parties' agreement,
and "touches the fundamental purpose of the contract").
This materiality inquiry does not rest solely on a contract's
labels. Even in the face of contrary contract language, ma-
teriality "cannot be found where noncompliance is minor or
insubstantial." Universal Health Services, 579 U. S., at 194.
A party's actions may reveal that a contract term is not ma-
terial even if the contract's language would suggest other-
wise. For example, "if the Government regularly pays a
particular type of claim in full despite actual knowledge that
certain requirements were violated, and has signaled no
change in position, that is strong evidence that the require-
ments are not material." Id., at 195.
140 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., concurring

Applying these "familiar and rigorous" principles, ibid., we made clear that regulatory requirements in a con-
tract are not automatically material. We thus rejected the
Government's contention that, if it "contracts for health
services and adds a requirement that contractors buy
American-made staplers, anyone who submits a claim for
those services but fails to disclose its use of foreign staplers
violates the False Claims Act." Id., at 195 -- 196. That logic
would have meant that, "if the Government required con-
tractors to aver their compliance with the entire U. S. Code
and Code of Federal Regulations,... failing to mention non-
compliance with any of those requirements would always be
material." Id., at 196. The FCA, we explained, "does not
adopt such an extraordinarily expansive view of liability."
Ibid.1
The Court reserved the question whether the standard for
materiality in the FCA context is identical to the standard
that applies to wire-fraud prosecutions, id., at 192 -- 193, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
I express no defnitive view on that question here. But, the
standard we articulated in Universal Health Services was a

1
In my view, the Court's reluctance to presume the materiality of every
contract provision is particularly appropriate in the context of Govern-
ment contracting. The Government often tries to use monetary incen-
tives to advance political objectives. For example, the Government some-
times seeks to use its spending power to "create incentives for States to
act in accordance with federal policies." National Federation of Inde-
pendent Business v. Sebelius, (2012) (plurality opinion).
And, those policies may bear little relation to the expenditure of federal
funds. See, e. g., South Dakota v. Dole, (1987) (O'Con-
nor, J., dissenting) (arguing that "a condition that a State will raise its
drinking age to 21" exceeded the Government's spending power because
it could not "fairly be said to be reasonably related to the expenditure of
funds for highway construction"). In Government contracting, the Gov-
ernment's inclusion of political or regulatory requirements unrelated to
the contracts' core purpose might simply refect the Government's attempt
to achieve policy goals by leveraging its unmatched bargaining position.
The DBE provisions' apparent irrelevance to bridge repair seems to ft
this pattern. See infra, at 141 -- 142.
 Cite as: (2025) 141

Thomas, J., concurring

"familiar" one that aligned with authoritative treatises and
the common law. Id., at 195,. And, particularly in light
of the Government's endorsement, see Brief for United
States 43, it, at minimum, provides a useful baseline for eval-
uating the DBE provisions' materiality.

B
The contracts in this case were for bridge repairs, not mi-
nority hiring. There are several reasons to think that the
DBE provisions did not go " `to the very essence of the bar-
gain.' " Universal Health Services, 579 U. S., at 194,.
First, the DBE provisions were irrelevant to the contracts'
fundamental purpose -- bridge repair -- which suggests that
they were the sort of "minor or insubstantial" conditions that
cannot count as material. Id., at 194. As the Third Circuit
recognized below, although petitioners did not meet Penn-
DOT's DBE conditions, they "delivered the requested work,
Page Proof Pending Publication
and the quality of the workmanship and materials [was] un-
contested." 82 F. 4th 230, 244 (2023).
If the DBE conditions " `went to the very essence of the
[parties'] bargain,' " Universal Health Services, 579 U. S., at
194, the failure to meet those conditions presumably
would have had some impact on the fnal work product. Ac-
cord, e. g., Cohen, 257 N. Y., at 400, 178 N. E., at 674 (describ-
ing term that goes to an agreement's "essence" as one which,
if not met, would "destroy the [agreement's] value"); 3511
13th St. Tenants' Assn. v. 3511 13th St., N. W. Residences,
LLC, 922 A. 2d 439, 445 (D. C. 2007) (" `For a breach to be
material, it must be so serious [as] to destroy the essential
object of the agreement' "). But, the DBE conditions had no
bearing on petitioners' ability to complete their projects.
See 82 F. 4th, at 244. That disconnect tends to support the
conclusion that those requirements would not meet the "de-
manding" materiality standard this Court has articulated.
Universal Health Services, 579 U. S., at 194; accord, e. g.,
Landmark Health Solutions, LLC v. Not For Proft Hospital
142 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., concurring

Corp., 950 F. Supp. 2d 130, 137 -- 138 (DC 2013) ("[C]ompl[i-
ance] with the District's requirement to be registered and to
obtain a license" did not go to "the essential purpose" of a
contract for "providing management consulting and staffng
services").
Second, the DBE provisions appear to have been less im-
portant than contract terms going to the quality and timeli-
ness of bridge repair, further indicating that the latter went
to the essence of the parties' bargain while the former did
not. The contracts required PennDOT to deduct payments
due petitioners if the "work... on th[e] project[s]" was late
or unsatisfactory. App. 109, 170. While the contracts la-
beled the failure to comply with the DBE provisions "a mate-
rial breach" that "may result in the termination," id., at 114,
175, nothing in the contracts required
PennDOT to take any action, let alone to withhold or deduct
payment. Accord, Brief for United States 19 (DBE noncom-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pliance "could have resulted in corrective action" ).
As we explained in Universal Health Services, while "the
Government's decision to expressly identify a provision as a
condition of payment" is not dispositive of materiality, it is
still relevant evidence that tends to suggest that a particular
term is material. 579 U. S., at 194. Tethering payment to
workmanship and timeliness requirements suggests that the
essence of the parties' contracts was timely and satisfactory
"work... on th[e] project[s]" -- that is, "painting, structural
steel repairs, expansion dam repairs, latex modifed concrete
overlay, and other miscellaneous construction," or, more gen-
erally, the "[r]ehabilitation of bridges," App. 108 -- 109, 169 -- 
170. Read "with reference to the whole" contract, 11 Willis-
ton :5, p. 692 (4th ed. 2012), the comparative absence of
any such express conditions for DBE noncompliance counsels
against reading those provisions into the contract's "funda-
mental purpose," 23 id., :3, at 483.
 Cite as: (2025) 143

Thomas, J., concurring

Third, we have explained that the Government's decision
to fulfll its end of a bargain "despite actual knowledge that
certain requirements were violated" is very "strong evidence
that those requirements are not material," Universal Health
Services, 579 U. S., at 195, and similar logic might apply
where, as here, contract violations are notorious and wide-
spread. No one contends that the Government had "actual
knowledge" of petitioners' fraud when it entered into the
contracts. Ibid. But, if DBE fraud is so prevalent that the
Government would have to assume a signifcant number of
its contractors violate contract provisions requiring DBE
compliance, that fact could cast further doubt on those provi-
sions' materiality.
Reports of fraud in the Government's small-business-
contracting programs have "emerge[d] with some regular-
ity," making fraud in these programs "a perennial concern
for Congress and commentators." Congressional Research
Page Proof Pending Publication
Service, K. Manuel & E. Lunder, Federal Contracting and
Subcontracting With Small Businesses: Issues in the 112th
Congress 33 (2012). The DBE program is no exception:
Fraudulent DBE schemes where minority and women con-
tractors are used as " `false front[s]' " is "an area with serious
enforcement and compliance problems that appears to be na-
tionwide in scope." Oversight Hearing on the Elimination
of Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in Mandatory Transportation
Programs before the House Committee on Transportation
and Infrastructure, 108th Cong., 1st Sess., 109 (2003) (Over-
sight Hearing). Legislators have long recognized that DBE
fraud is a substantial problem, and that "people are just laugh-
ing about the system" and "gaming the system blatantly."
Id., at 38 -- 39; see also id., at 36 (DOT Inspector General testi-
fying that DBE fraud "is a serious problem").
Looking at materiality "from the viewpoint of the [alleg-
edly misleading statement's] maker," Restatement (Second)
of Contracts, Comment c, at 441, knowledge of rampant
144 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., concurring

misrepresentations in the DBE program could suggest to a
reasonable contractor that, contract language notwithstand-
ing, the Government does not actually consider DBE compli-
ance essential to its contracts. Pervasive fraud also sug-
gests that the Government may be continuing performance
on its contracts despite knowing that its counterparties fre-
quently violate DBE requirements, further counseling
against those terms' materiality. See Universal Health
Services, 579 U. S., at 193 -- 194, 195.2
Fourth, if complying with the DBE provisions would violate
the law, it is diffcult to see how representing such compliance
"would be likely to induce a reasonable person to manifest his
assent." Restatement (Second) of Contracts, Comment
c, at 441. Among other things, the DBE program imposes an
explicitly race-based classifcation system, see supra, at 137 -- 
138, which warrants "the strictest judicial scrutiny," Ada-
rand Constructors, Inc. v. Peña, (1995).
Page Proof Pending Publication
Thus, for the program to survive, the Government would
need to prove that it addresses "past governmental discrimi-
nation" that is "concrete and traceable to the de jure segre-
gated system," and that the segregated system has "discrete
and continuing discriminatory effect." Students for Fair
Admissions, Inc. v. President and Fellows of Harvard Col-
lege, (2023) (Thomas, J., concurring).

2
Justice Sotomayor observes that "[n]o cited portion of the record"
shows that PennDOT paid contracts in full despite actual knowledge that
the DBE terms were being violated. Post, at 163 (opinion concurring in
judgment). I have recognized as much, see supra, at 143, which is why I
suggest that my materiality analysis might apply in different DBE-
compliance prosecutions "where materiality is contested," infra, at 146.
For similar reasons, Justice Sotomayor's critique of "reports from dec-
ades prior" misses the mark. Post, at 163. The reports and testimony I
cite provide examples suggesting that, in other DBE-compliance prosecu-
tions, defendants may be able to build records demonstrating that the
Government pays contractors despite knowing that they do not comply
with DBE provisions. Justice Sotomayor does not dispute that, if pre-
sented, such records would constitute "strong evidence that [DBE] require-
ments are not material." Universal Health Services, 579 U. S., at 195.
 Cite as: (2025) 145

Thomas, J., concurring

I am skeptical that the Government could meet this high
bar. While the Government has not been put to the test in
this case, it appears to have elsewhere endorsed the DBE
program's race-based benefts on the ground that "minorities
represent more than 20% of the population" yet "own only
9% of all construction frms and receive only about 5% of
construction receipts." Oversight Hearing, at 41. But,
" `[p]roving broad sociological propositions by statistics is a
dubious business, and one that inevitably is in tension with
the normative philosophy that underlies the Equal Protec-
tion Clause.' " Lamprecht v. FCC, 958 F. 2d 382, 398 (CADC
1992) (Thomas, Cir. J., for the court) ). And, at least one court has pre-
liminarily enjoined the Government's use of DBE goals be-
cause the Government could not "justify [the DBE pro-
gram's] discriminatory policies." Mid-America Milling Co.,
2024 WL 4267183, *11.
It is implausible to think that a " `reasonable person' "
Page Proof Pending Publication
would " `attach importance' " to contract provisions that
mandate constitutional violations. Universal Health Serv-
ices, 579 U. S., at 193,. The same intuition applies to
Government actors. Cf. Postal Service v. Gregory, (2001) ("[A] presumption of regularity attaches to the
actions of Government agencies"). Thus, if the Government
cannot demonstrate the constitutionality of the DBE pro-
gram, I doubt that a provision requiring compliance with the
program could go to the essence of the parties' bargain -- 
particularly here, given that the very same provisions re-
quiring DBE compliance simultaneously prohibit "discrimi-
nat[ion] on the basis of race, color, national origin or sex."
App. 114, 175.3

3
"[A] claim of unconstitutionality" will not "excuse a voluntary, deliber-
ate and calculated course of fraud and deceit," Dennis v. United States,
(1966), but the question whether that unconstitutionality
might contribute to materiality is distinct. No one disputes that petition-
ers did not "rais[e] a challenge to the DBE program's constitutionality."
Post, at 164 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.). But, had petitioners done so, they
146 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

At bottom, the essence-of-the-bargain standard is rigorous
and context specifc. Although the contracts in this case
used language suggesting the DBE provisions were mate-
rial, see ibid., we have made clear that the materiality in-
quiry turns on substance rather than labels, see Universal
Health Services, 579 U. S., at 190. That focus may doom the
Government's prosecutions in DBE cases where materiality
is contested.
* * *
In persuading the Court to reject petitioners' economic-
loss arguments today, the Government has assured us that
"the `essence of the bargain' standard for materiality" will
ensure that federal wire-fraud prosecutions cannot be used
to target benign, everyday misstatements. Brief for United
States 43. Because a demanding approach to materiality is
all that prevents an "extraordinarily expansive view of liabil-
ity" from rendering the federal wire-fraud statute nearly
Page Proof Pending Publication
limitless in scope, Universal Health Services, 579 U. S., at
196, lower courts should hold the Government to its word.
Justice Gorsuch, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
This case touches on an old question: What is the differ-
ence between a lie and a criminal fraud? Consider an easy
hypothetical. In a phone interview, a couple asks a prospec-
tive babysitter if she has a criminal record. The babysitter
says no, but that's not right. While she has sought to turn
her life around, a burglary conviction lurks in her past, one
she is too embarrassed to mention. Relying on her misrep-
resentation, the parents hire the babysitter. Her work
proves exemplary and the couple pays her well. Later,
though, the parents discover the babysitter's lie. They
might be upset and refuse to hire her again. But should
might have been able to rely on the DBE provisions' unconstitutionality
to support an argument that the provisions were not "material" to their
contracts.
 Cite as: (2025) 147

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

the babysitter face federal fraud charges? Of course not.
While "intentional deceit for purposes of gain ought some-
times to be punished," if all misrepresentations amounted to
criminal fraud, "thousands of buyers and sellers" would be
felons. T. Macaulay, J. Macleod, G. Anderson, & F. Millet,
Notes on the Indian Penal Code (1837), in 7 The Life and
Works of Lord Macaulay 527 -- 528 (1897).
How do courts police the line between mere lies and crimi-
nal frauds warranting the law's attention? One important
tool is fraud's injury requirement. To prove a criminal
fraud, a prosecutor must show that the victim did not receive
what the defendant promised. It is a rule that shields peo-
ple like our babysitter from the prosecutor's sights. And it
is a rule that keeps judges from becoming arbiters of good
morals. A fraud conviction can mean years, even decades,
in prison. Before a prosecutor may seek, and a court may
authorize, that kind of punishment, the law demands more
than a victimless lie.
Page Proof Pending Publication
While right about much else, the Court's decision today
contains a footnote that appears to spurn fraud's historic in-
jury rule. Under the federal wire-fraud statute, the Court
suggests, it does not matter if the putative victim receives
all he was promised. So long as he parts with any money or
property because of the defendant's misrepresentation, the
Court seems to say, that is injury enough to sustain a federal
wire-fraud conviction. Ante, at 127,. It is a startling
suggestion, one with no mooring in the common law of fraud
or the wire-fraud statute, and one that risks turning victim-
less lies like our babysitter's into federal felonies. Respect-
fully, that cannot be the law.

I
The question presented in this case is a narrow one. The
parties ask us to resolve whether the federal wire-fraud stat-
ute, 18 U. S. C., requires the government to plead and
prove that the defendant caused his victim a "net pecuniary
148 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

loss." Brief for United States (I) (reciting the question pre-
sented); ante, at 118. Today, the Court holds that the an-
swer is no. Congress, the Court explains, enacted the fed-
eral wire-fraud statute against the backdrop of the common
law. Ante, at 124. And, at common law, fraud required
proof that the victim was injured. Ante, at 127.1 But that
injury requirement never demanded proof that the victim
suffered a "net pecuniary loss." So, the Court concludes,
neither does the federal wire-fraud statute. On each of
those points, the Court and I agree.
But having dispatched the question presented, the Court
does not stop there. Instead, the Court proceeds to assert
that the wire-fraud statute's injury requirement is satisfed
whenever a defendant "obtain[s]... property" that a victim
"would not otherwise have parted with" by means of a mate-
rial misrepresentation. Ibid.,. The Court's commen-
tary on this score might be easy to miss. It comes only in
a brief footnote deep in the Court's opinion. And on frst
Page Proof Pending Publication
glance, the Court's remarks might seem innocuous enough.
After all, one might wonder, if a fraud causes a victim to
part with money or property, isn't that necessarily an injury?
I worry, though, that initial appearances may deceive and
the Court's stray footnote could portend trouble. Start with
this diffculty: What the Court says in its footnote does not

1
Countless cases and treatises support the Court's conclusion that each
of those common-law doctrines had an injury requirement. For the crime
of false pretenses, see State v. Palmer, 50 Kan. 318, 323 -- 324, 32 P. 29, 30
(1893); State v. Matthews, 44 Kan. 596, 602 -- 603, 25 P. 36, 38 (1890); United
States v. Rush, 196 F. 579 (ED Wash. 1912); 2 Bishop on Criminal Law
-- 417 (J. Zane & C. Zollman eds., 9th ed. 1923); 2 H. Brill, Cyclope-
dia of Criminal Law (1923). For the remedy of contractual rescis-
sion, see Williams v. Kerr, 152 Pa. 560, 565, 25 A. 618, 619 (1893); Spreck-
els v. Gorrill, 152 Cal. 383, 388, 92 P. 1011, 1015 (1907); 1 H. Black,
Rescission of Contracts and Cancellation of Written Instruments, p. 90
(1916); 2 T. Parsons, Law of Contracts *268 -- *269 (4th ed. 1860). And for
the tort of deceit, see Dura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Broudo, -- 344 (2005).
 Cite as: (2025) 149

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

square with its reasoning above the line. Throughout the
rest of its opinion, the Court recognizes that the wire-fraud
statute's references to a "scheme or artifce to defraud" and
"false or fraudulent pretenses,",
bring with them the "old soil" of common-law fraud, ante, at
124. As a result, the common-law doctrines governing the
crime of false pretenses, the tort of deceit, and the remedy
of contractual rescission all inform, to one degree or another,
the meaning of the wire-fraud statute. Ante, at 124 -- 129.
Yet, contrary to what the Court suggests in its footnote, at
common law "[t]he mere obtaining of money [or property]
under false pretenses [did] not alone" satisfy fraud's injury
requirement. State v. Palmer, 50 Kan. 318, 324, 32 P. 29, 30
(1893); accord, State v. Casperson, 71 Utah 68, 75, 262 P. 294,
296 (1927). Instead, common-law courts usually demanded
proof that a defendant deprived his victim of "what he bar-
gained for." State v. Asher, 50 Ark. 427, 430 -- 431, 8 S. W.
Page Proof Pending Publication
177, 178 (1888). By the time Congress enacted the wire-
fraud statute in 1952, it seems that "every American jurisdic-
tion except Texas" had adopted a similar rule. Comment,
Injury as an Element of Criminal Fraud, 23 U. Chi. L. Rev.
509, 511, and (1956) (Injury as an Element).
Nor is the difference between the Court's formulation of
fraud's injury requirement and the common-law rule a negli-
gible one. To be sure, obtaining money or property by
means of a material misrepresentation will usually injure the
victim. But not always. To appreciate why, some exam-
ples help. Start with some from the common law. In Rex
v. Williams, 7 Car. & P. 354, 173 Eng. Rep. 158 (N. P. 1836)
(Coleridge, J.), a creditor seeking to satisfy a debt ordered
his servant to induce the debtor to hand over "two sacks of
malt" by falsely representing that "his master had bought
[them]." Ibid. Even though the servant "knowingly stated
that which was false," and his false statement was clearly
material, his actions were not criminal because he merely
intended to satisfy the debt, not to "defraud" the debtor.
150 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

Id., at 355, 173 Eng. Rep., at 158. When facing similar facts,
a New York court later remarked that "it is diffcult to see"
how a victim "would be injured" when he is merely "cheated"
into paying what he owed. People v. Thomas, 3 Hill 169,
170 (N. Y. Sup. Ct. 1842); accord, People v. Baker, 96 N. Y.
340, 347 -- 348 (1884); People v. Wakely, 62 Mich. 297, 300 -- 303,
28 N. W. 871, 872 -- 873 (1886).
Contemporary examples under the federal wire-fraud stat-
ute illustrate the point, too. Imagine a bulk-mail company
promises that it will use a "high-rate" service to deliver its
customers' products, but the company actually makes the de-
liveries "to the appropriate destination in a timely fashion"
using a cheaper service. United States v. Starr, 816 F. 2d
94, 99 -- 100 (CA2 1987). Doubtless, the company's misrepre-
sentations cause its customers to part with their money.
Even so, as the Second Circuit has recognized, the company's
lies do not produce an injury because no "discrepancy [exists]
between benefts `reasonably anticipated' and actual benefts
Page Proof Pending Publication
received." Id., at 99; accord, United States v. Regent Offce
Supply Co., 421 F. 2d 1174, 1179 -- 1180 (1970). Or suppose an
applicant fbs on his resume about satisfying a condition of
employment. He lands the job and he completes the work
exactly as promised. The employee's lie induces the com-
pany to part with money (his wages). But, as the D. C. Cir-
cuit has held, the employee's lies do not injure the employer,
because his "untruths do not deprive the employer of the
beneft of its bargain." United States v. Guertin, 67 F. 4th
445, 451 (2023); accord, United States v. Takhalov, 827 F. 3d
1307, 1313 -- 1319 (CA11 2016); United States v. Shellef, 507
F. 3d 82, 108 (CA2 2007).2

2
Of course, the federal wire-fraud statute prohibits a " `scheme to de-
fraud,' rather than [a] completed fraud," so a defendant need not follow
through on his plan to commit an offense. Neder v. United States, (1999). But, as the cases above recognize, the injury element
matters all the same. Modeled as it is after a common-law attempt of-
fense, the wire-fraud statute requires proof of a "specifc intent to commit
 Cite as: (2025) 151

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

As all these examples highlight, the traditional beneft-of-
the-bargain injury rule is not some vestigial limb. It plays
an important role in separating mere lies from criminal
frauds and, in that way, reducing the risk of frivolous prose-
cutions. Just ask yourself, if a "putative victim of wire
fraud got exactly what he paid for, how exactly is he a victim
at all?" United States v. Porat, 76 F. 4th 213, 227 (CA3
2023) (Krause, J., concurring). And what business is it of
the government's to punish victimless lies with prison time
anyway?
The Court's footnote commentary thus is no small thing.
By defying the traditional common-law rule, it risks turning
prosecutors and courts into morality police with a commis-
sion to prosecute and punish harmless lies. Indeed, under
the Court's novel approach, it is hard to see what would save
our babysitter from a federal wire-fraud conviction. Just
consider: She intentionally lied. She did so using the wires.
Her lie is material because it would matter to reasonable
Page Proof Pending Publication
parents that someone working in their home with their chil-
dren has a felony burglary conviction. The parents reason-
ably relied on the babysitter's insistence that her record was
clean. And they parted with money because of her lie. On
the Court's account, all the elements of the offense seem to
be satisfed, and the babysitter's feeting misstatement may

the unlawful act." Braxton v. United States, n. (1991);
see United States v. Coffman, 94 F. 3d 330, 333 (CA7 1996) (wire fraud
"punishes... the attempt to defraud"). So the government must prove
that a defendant's intended scheme, if completed, would have left the vic-
tim without the beneft of the parties' bargain, for "it is not a criminal
attempt to try to do what the criminal law does not forbid you to do."
Id., at 333. The same goes for other elements of traditional fraud, like
reasonable reliance and causation. Though the government need not
prove actual reliance or causation to secure a wire-fraud conviction,
Neder, 527 U. S., at 25, it must prove that the defendant intended those
results, see ALI, Model Penal Code.01, Comment 2, p. 303 (1985) (at-
tempt requires that a "defendant manifests a purpose... to cause the
type of result that is forbidden by the criminal law").
152 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

cost her up to 20 years in prison. The only way to ensure
cases like our babysitter's don't become the domain of federal
prosecutors and courts is to recognize what the common law
has long recognized: Lies without injury are not criminal
frauds.
II
The Court's footnote grapples with none of these diffcul-
ties. Instead, to support its suggestion that the loss of
money or property is always enough to establish an injury,
the Court relies primarily on a decision from the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania. Ante, at 127, ). But even
that case does not stand for anything like the rule the
Court imagines.
In truth, Williams had no occasion to depart from the tra-
ditional injury rule. There, the defendant induced his vic-
tims to sell half their land by misrepresenting his plans to
Page Proof Pending Publication
improve the lot -- plans that (if true) would have "greatly en-
hance[d] the value" of the victims' remaining share. Id., at
564, 25 A., at 619. Because the planned improvements
turned out to be a fction, the defendant failed to deliver
what the sellers bargained for. Notably, too, Williams's ar-
ticulation of the injury rule is consistent with the traditional
test. The court did not say that obtaining money or prop-
erty by means of a material misrepresentation is always
enough. Instead, the court suggested, it would be an injury
to obtain money or property upon "terms" that the victim
would not otherwise "accept." Ibid..
And lying to get more favorable terms will often involve
depriving a victim of "what was pretended and what he bar-
gained for." Casperson, 71 Utah, at 75, 262 P., at 296.
The Court's remaining common-law authorities are no
more helpful to its cause. Neither MacLaren v. Cochran, 44
Minn. 255, 258, 46 N. W. 408, 409 (1890), nor Carlisle v. State,
76 Ala. 75, 77 (1884), mentions the money-or-property injury
requirement the Court adopts. Meanwhile, the Court's
 Cite as: (2025) 153

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

treatise supports a discussion of fraud's injury element by
citing a case endorsing the traditional rule that those who
"obtai[n] all... they expected to obtain" are "not cheated or
defrauded." State v. Matthews, 44 Kan. 596, 606, 25 P. 36,
40 (1890) (cited in 1 E. McClain, Criminal Law, p. 686
(1897)).3
Not only do the Court's common-law authorities fail to sup-
port its view about the nature of fraud's injury requirement.
Nothing in the text of the wire-fraud statute does either.
That statute prohibits using the wires to carry out "any
scheme or artifce to defraud... for obtaining money or
property." 18 U. S. C.. As this Court has recog-
nized, that language means a prosecutor must prove (1) the
defendant "engage[d] in a `scheme or artifce to defraud,' "
and (2) the " `object of the fraud [was] "money or property"
in the victim's hands.' " Pasquantino v. United States, (2005) (alteration omitted)). So even when a
Page Proof Pending Publication
prosecutor is able to show that the defendant sought to ob-
tain money or property, he must still make the further show-
ing that the defendant intended a "scheme or artifce to
defraud" -- a phrase that everyone agrees imports the
traditional elements of common-law fraud. See ante, at 124,
127. And, as we have seen, those elements include an injury

3
Without common-law authority to support its view, the Court resorts
to disparaging contrary authority on the ground that some common-law
cases discuss the beneft-of-the-bargain rule as a product of fraud's intent
or falsity elements, not its injury element. See ante, at 129 -- 130,.
But what does that prove? Only that common-law courts relied on vari-
ous elements to enforce the beneft-of-the-bargain rule -- not that courts
rejected the requirement. It is unsurprising, too, that some courts con-
sidered injury in connection with the defendant's "intent to defraud."
Ibid. After all, fraud can be prosecuted as an inchoate offense. So the
government may secure a conviction by showing that a defendant intended
all the elements of the completed crime, including injury and its beneft-
of-the-bargain rule. Supra, at 150 -- 151, ; Injury as an Element 511,
and.
154 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

requirement that is not satisfed when a putative victim re-
ceives the beneft of his bargain.
Left without common-law authority or statutory text to
support its view, the Court seems to suggest that discarding
the traditional injury rule at least might make for good pol-
icy. Though common-law courts have long asked whether
the defendant " `delivered something different from what
was promised,' " the argument appears to go, that test may
be just too hard for today's judges. Ante, at 130. Instead,
we are told, fraud's "materiality" element supplies a more
"principled" and equally satisfactory way to distinguish mere
lies from criminal fraud. Ante, at 131.
But that is no answer at all. A judicial preference for
"principled" rules cannot displace what is and has long been
the law. When we look to the old soil of the common law
for guidance, we have no license to plow over what we fnd
there. Nor is the Court correct that fraud's materiality ele-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment can shoulder all the work traditionally performed by
its injury requirement. As this Court describes it, fraud's
materiality element usually asks "if a reasonable person
would attach importance to [the defendant's lie] in deciding
how to proceed." Ibid. ). And, as the examples above illustrate, our fallen
world is flled with lies, even material ones, that do not war-
rant the attention of criminal authorities: creditors who lie
to recover their debts from evasive debtors, employees who
fb about their credentials to get jobs, and even babysitters
who misrepresent their pasts. In all of those cases, a rea-
sonable person would attach signifcance to the defendant's
lie in deciding whether and how to proceed. In all of those
cases, too, the lie is intentional, induces reasonable reliance,
and causes someone to part with their money or property.
Without the traditional injury requirement, every one of
those cases gets swept into the prosecutor's dragnet.
 Cite as: (2025) 155

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

Even taken on its own terms, the Court's argument is mis-
guided. The common-law materiality element is no more
"principled" than the traditional injury rule. Ante, at 131.
Yes, the traditional injury rule may require courts to assess
whether the defendant delivered what he promised, and an-
swering that question will not always be simple. See ibid.
But the same holds true when it comes to the materiality
element, where courts must decide whether a defendant mis-
represented a "minor" (immaterial) term or an "essen[tial]"
(material) one. Universal Health Services, Inc., 579 U. S.,
at 193 -- 194, and.
Take a prominent example in the Court's opinion. Sup-
pose a defendant promises to deliver a " `horse called the
Charley.' " Ante, at 130 ). That representation would be material if the
parties' dealings reveal that a reasonable person in the buy-
er's shoes would care about the specifc identity of the horse.
But if those dealings indicate that, in the circumstances of a
Page Proof Pending Publication
particular industry or transaction, a buyer would have been
interested only in a horse of a particular kind and quality,
the representation would not be material. When it comes
to fraud's materiality element, no less than when it comes to
fraud's injury element, details can matter, sometimes diff-
cult lines must be drawn, and in drawing them courts may
have to attend carefully to the circumstances surrounding
the parties' dealing.4
4
Nor, contrary to the Court's suggestion, is materiality a better option
because it offers an "objective" standard. Ante, at 131,. The tradi-
tional test for injury, too, is an objective inquiry, asking whether "there
exists a `discrepancy between benefts reasonably anticipated' " based on
all the parties dealings and the "actual benefts which the defendant deliv-
ered, or intended to deliver." United States v. Starr, 816 F. 2d 94, 98
(CA2 1987) ; emphasis added). Interestingly, the Court's pro-
posal to cast aside fraud's traditional injury rule and to rely instead on
fraud's materiality requirement is just the opposite of a proposal offered
156 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

If there is any good news when it comes to the Court's
footnote, it may be this: That digression is dicta addressing
a question well "beyond the case." Cohens v. Virginia, 6
Wheat. 264, 399 -- 400 (1821). Exactly nothing before us
today turns on whether wire fraud's injury requirement de-
mands proof that the victim did not receive the beneft of his
bargain or, instead, proof only that he parted with money or
property. Nor is adopting one rule over another a necessary
step toward the Court's holding that "pecuniary loss" is not
an "element of fraud." Ante, at 128,.
Just ask yourself: If the Court deleted its footnote, or
reversed its position and endorsed the traditional injury rule,
would its conclusion on economic loss be any different? Of
course not. Under either view, Mr. Kousisis loses. He
loses because his lies induced the Pennsylvania Department
of Transportation to part with money when it paid him for
the building projects in question. And he loses because the
department did not receive what it bargained for in return:
Page Proof Pending Publication
projects completed using " `socially and economically disad-
vantaged' " frms. Ante, at 118 -- 119; see also ante, at 120.
Because Mr. Kousisis committed wire fraud under both the
traditional injury rule and the Court's novel one, the Court's
"throwaway footnot[e]" makes no difference. Royal Canin
U. S. A., Inc. v. Wullschleger, -- 43 (2025).
Try as it might, the Court cannot "transmute dictum into
decision by waving a wand and uttering the word `hold.' "
United States v. Rubin, 609 F. 2d 51, 69, (CA2 1979)
(Friendly, J., concurring). And nothing in today's decision
can bind this Court in a future case where the difference
between the two rules actually matters. See Seminole

by the drafters of the Model Penal Code. They suggested abandoning the
common-law materiality requirement altogether, even as they hewed to
the traditional injury rule that it is not a criminal fraud to give a defend-
ant "exactly what he bargained for." ALI, Model Penal Code.3,
Comments 1, 3(d), pp. 181, 194 (1980). The Court's footnote does not
pause to address why it would have us do exactly the reverse.
 Cite as: (2025) 157

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

Tribe of Fla. v. Florida, (1996); Loper Bright
Enterprises v. Raimondo, (2024) (Gor-
such, J., concurring).
*
Over centuries of experience, common-law courts devel-
oped a variety of tools to sort venial lies from criminal
frauds. In a brief and unfortunate diversion in an otherwise
sound opinion, the Court casts doubt on whether one of those
tools still applies under the federal wire-fraud statute. In
the process, the Court needlessly risks turning the federal
wire-fraud statute into a weapon for punishing victimless
crimes. I can only trust that future courts will recognize
that aside for what it is -- unsound dicta.
Justice Sotomayor, concurring in the judgment.
The Court today rightly rejects petitioners' request to
graft an economic-loss requirement onto the federal wire
Page Proof Pending Publication
fraud statute. When a defendant tricks a victim out of their
money by promising one thing and delivering something ma-
terially different, it is no defense to say that the delivered
items are of equal economic value. Statutory text, prece-
dent, and history mandate that conclusion, as the majority
explains. See ante, at 123 -- 133. Common sense, unsurpris-
ingly, points in the same direction. A Yankees fan deceived
into buying Mets tickets is no less defrauded simply because
the Mets tickets happen to be worth the same amount as the
promised Yankees ones. That straightforward conclusion is
all that is necessary to resolve this case, and I would go no
further. To the extent the majority appears to speak more
broadly, I part ways from its approach.

I
As the majority explains, this case turns on the wire fraud
statute's property requirement, which limits the statute's
reach to schemes "to defraud, or for obtaining money or
property." 18 U. S. C.. Although that phrase uses
158 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

"disjunctive language," the Court has construed it as a "uni-
tary whole." Kelly v. United States, 
(2020). That is because the " `common under-
standing' of the words `to defraud' when the statute was
enacted referred `to wronging one in his property rights.' "
Ciminelli v. United States, (2023) ). Accord-
ingly, even before Congress amended the statute to add the
phrase "or for obtaining money or property," the statute
criminalized "only schemes to deprive people of traditional
property interests." Ciminelli, 598 U. S., at 309; see also
Cleveland, 531 U. S., at 18 -- 19 (recounting 's amend-
ment history).
Here, petitioners convinced the Pennsylvania Department
of Transportation (PennDOT) to hand over tens of millions of
dollars by lying about the nature of what they were selling.
Petitioners promised to provide PennDOT with repair serv-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ices that complied with the U. S. Department of Transporta-
tion's Disadvantaged Business Enterprise (DBE) program.
See 49 CFR.21 (2024). They represented to PennDOT
that a qualifed disadvantaged business would provide paint-
ing services for the restoration projects, as required by
PennDOT's federal grant, and they expressly memorialized
that requirement as a " `material' " term in their contracts.
Ante, at 119 (majority opinion). Yet
petitioners planned all along to have nonqualifed companies
do the work, while the qualifed disadvantaged business that
they promised to work with served as a mere pass-through.
Ante, at 119 -- 120 (majority opinion). To put it simply, peti-
tioners devised a scheme to trick PennDOT out of its money
by promising one thing and delivering something materi-
ally different.
Against that backdrop, petitioners' only viable theory as
to why PennDOT suffered no property loss hinges on their
economic-loss theory. No property harm occurs for pur-
poses of, they argue, if the victim suffers no net pecu-
 Cite as: (2025) 159

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

niary loss. See Reply Brief 2, 8. According to petitioners,
that makes all the difference here because the repair services
petitioners provided to PennDOT were of equal monetary
value. Id., at 8.
Rejecting petitioners' economic-loss theory therefore re-
solves this case, and I see no reason to go further. The
Court, after all, granted certiorari to address circuit division
on petitioners' proposed economic-loss requirement, see ante,
at 120 -- 121 (majority opinion), and that is the question pre-
sented by the facts of this case.
The Court therefore has no reason to opine on a class of
fraudulent-inducement cases distinct from this one: those in
which a defendant provides exactly the goods or services
that they promised to deliver, but lies in other ways to in-
duce the transaction. Cf. ante, at 147 -- 148, 156 (Gorsuch,
J., concurring in part and concurring in judgment). A wide
array of everyday transactional conduct might fall into that
Page Proof Pending Publication
category. Consider, for instance, a babysitter who lands a
job by fbbing about how she will use the money (for college
savings, rather than a spring break trip), but otherwise fully
and satisfactorily takes care of the child; a used car salesman
who closes a deal by falsely claiming another buyer is coming
to look at the car later that day, while truthfully disclosing
all the pertinent details about the car; or a prospective hous-
ing developer who beats out competing bidders by lying
about wanting to raise a family in the home, but pays the
full amount of his bid. On the Government's view, each of
those cases may well give rise to federal fraud liability, pun-
ishable by up to 20 years in prison, so long as the jury deems
the lie "material." See Tr. of Oral Arg. 64 -- 66; Brief for
United States 44; 18 U. S. C..
Future cases presenting such fact patterns will require
the Court to confront the outer limits of the federal fraud
statute's reach and to decide what satisfes its materiality
element. Resolving this case, however, requires no such
undertaking. To the extent the majority discusses the
160 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

viability of the Government's fraudulent-inducement theory
more broadly, see, e. g., ante, at 123 -- 124, 127, 132 -- 133, I
do not endorse its approach. That discussion is not essential
to the Court's resolution of the dispute before us, and I see
no reason to proceed more broadly than necessary.

II
This case presents only a narrow question in part because
petitioners have not contested the materiality of their mis-
representations. See ante, at 132 (majority opinion). That
concession makes good sense. There can be no real debate
that petitioners' misstatements were material. Contra,
ante, at 138 -- 146 (Thomas, J., concurring).

A
Recall that the parties presented two competing articula-
tions of the materiality standard for the federal wire fraud
Page Proof Pending Publication
statute. See ante, at 131 -- 132 (majority opinion). Petition-
ers direct the Court to the "traditional" common-law test for
materiality, Reply Brief 18, under which a representation is
material if " `a reasonable man would attach importance to
its existence or nonexistence in determining his choice of ac-
tion in the transaction in question,' " or " `the maker of the
representation knows or has reason to know that its recipi-
ent regards or is likely to regard the matter as important in
determining his choice of action,' " Neder v. United States, (1999) 
of Torts (1977)). Petitioners assert that, under their
formulation, representations need " `not go to [the] essence' "
of the transaction to qualify as material. Reply Brief 18
of Torts (e), Comment
j). Counterintuitively, it is the Government that proposes a
more demanding standard. It asserts that misstatements
are material only if they go to the very " `essence of the bar-
gain' " at issue. Brief for United States 44. That standard
stems from Universal Health Services, Inc. v. United States
 Cite as: (2025) 161

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

ex rel. Escobar, (2016), which discussed materi-
ality under the False Claims Act. See id., at 193,.
The Court need not resolve this dispute to know that peti-
tioners correctly conceded materiality: Even under the more
demanding "essence of the bargain" test, petitioners' mis-
statements qualify. Starting with the contract itself, Penn-
DOT expressly made compliance with federal DBE regula-
tions a "material" term. See App. 114, 175. That was no
boilerplate designation. Out of the 17 warranties set forth
in the signed documents, only the DBE requirement ex-
pressly provided that "[f]ailure by the Contractor to carry
out these requirements is a material breach of this contract,
which may result in the termination of this contract." Ibid.
PennDOT, moreover, dedicated an entire phase of the con-
tract bidding process to confrming that its prospective con-
tractor had identifed a qualifed DBE partner who would
provide painting services. See 3 App. in No. 19 -- 3679 etc.
Page Proof Pending Publication
(CA3), pp. 763 -- 765; 82 F. 4th 230, 234 (CA3 2023). Petition-
ers also had to submit documentation throughout the proj-
ects' duration to demonstrate continued compliance with the
DBE requirement. See id., at 234.
What is more, PennDOT could not have proceeded with
the projects as funded if it had not mandated contractor
compliance with the DBE requirement. Federal grants ac-
counted for a signifcant portion of PennDOT's funding for
each project, and those grants were conditioned on DBE
compliance. The contracts' DBE requirement thus went di-
rectly to the viability of the projects themselves, and by ex-
tension, to the " `very essence of the bargain.' " Universal
Health Services, 579 U. S., at 193 -- 194, ); cf. 579 U. S., at 194 (recognizing materiality where
" `[t]he government's money would never have been placed in
the joint fund for payment to respondents had its agents
known the bids were collusive' " ).
162 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

If that were not already enough, PennDOT risked legal
sanction if it failed to administer the DBE program in good
faith. See 49 CFR.101, 26.107; 2 App. in No. 19 -- 3679
etc., at 305 ("If [a grant recipient] fail[s] to comply with any
requirement mentioned in this rule," including the DBE re-
quirement, "they could be subject to formal enforcement ac-
tion or program sanctions such as suspension or termination
of federal funds or refusal to approve projects, grants, or
contracts until those defciencies are remedied"); id., at 290
("[I]f you fail to operate your program in good faith,... [y]ou
will be subject to possible withholding of funds, revoking of
funds, or other sanctions available by the Department"). It
is implausible that compliance with the DBE requirement
was immaterial to PennDOT when knowledge of petitioners'
scheme to fout those requirements would have exposed
PennDOT to risk of serious legal consequences. See Uni-
versal Health Services, 579 U. S., at 194 ("[A]n undisclosed
fact [is] material" where " `[n]o one can say with reason that
Page Proof Pending Publication
the plaintiff would have signed this contract if informed of
the likelihood' of the undisclosed fact" ).
In short, DBE compliance was no "minor or insubstantial"
provision tucked away in a laundry list of other requirements
for payment. Universal Health Services, 579 U. S., at 194.
It played a critical role in PennDOT's ability to achieve the
essential goal of the contracts: completing the restoration
projects. It featured prominently in the contracts and in
the bidding process itself. And petitioners were well aware
of its importance to PennDOT. After all, they orchestrated
an entire scheme to hide their noncompliance. The materi-
ality of petitioners' misstatements is thus hard to dispute,
even under the Government's more demanding standard.

B
It is no answer to suggest that DBE fraud is "rampant."
Ante, at 143 (Thomas, J., concurring). "Lots of people do it"
 Cite as: (2025) 163

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

has never been, nor should be, a defense to criminal liability
without more. No cited portion of the record, moreover,
supports the view that PennDOT "regularly pa[id contracts]
in full despite actual knowledge that [the relevant] require-
ments were violated," Universal Health Services, 579 U. S.,
at 195, or that PennDOT "assume[d] a signifcant number
of its contractors violate contract provisions requiring DBE
compliance," ante, at 143 (Thomas, J., concurring). If that
were true, petitioners would have had no reason to develop
an elaborate scheme to conceal their noncompliance in the
frst place.
Generic reports from decades prior of " `serious enforce-
ment and compliance problems' " with a federal program do
not negate the materiality of explicit contractual terms re-
quiring compliance either. Ibid. ).1 We have never suggested,
let alone held, that such reports give defendants a get-
out-of-jail-free card. With good reason: That view relies
on the premise that, whenever fraud is prevalent, no rea-
sonable contractor can expect compliance, even where
the contract expressly deems compliance material. To ac-
cept that premise is to turn contract law upside down. Par-
ties explicitly designate contractual terms as material in

1
Justice Thomas appears to agree. See ante, at 143 -- 144,. Al-
though his concurring opinion sets forth "reasons to think that the DBE
provisions did not go ` "to the very essence of the bargain" ' " to explain
his "skeptic[ism] that petitioners' misrepresentations were material," ante,
at 136, 141, Justice Thomas later acknowledges that his discussion of
these reports is intended only to suggest his "materiality analysis might
apply in different DBE-compliance prosecutions where `materiality is con-
tested' " and a different record is developed, ante, at 143 -- 144,. I do
not share his view of the proper materiality analysis, but at least all agree
such reports are irrelevant in this case.
164 KOUSISIS v. UNITED STATES

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

order to ensure compliance, particularly where the other
party might not otherwise comply.
Petitioners would have had similar trouble contesting ma-
teriality on the ground that, at some point in the future, the
DBE statutory scheme might be deemed unconstitutional.
Indeed, petitioners at no pertinent time raised a challenge to
the DBE program's constitutionality, and the DBE statutory
scheme remains good law (as it was at the time of petitioners'
conviction).2 It should go without saying that the law
should not provide a shield from criminal liability based upon
personal and unspoken predictions of a law's constitutionality.
* * *
At bottom, this case presents a classic scheme to defraud:
Petitioners tricked PennDOT into paying for one thing, and
then delivered something materially different. The Court
today rightly holds that a defendant in that position may not
escape federal fraud liability by asserting the victim never-
Page Proof Pending Publication
theless suffered no net economic loss. On that basis, I agree
with the majority's bottom-line decision to affrm the Third
Circuit's judgment.

2
See ante, at 145 -- 146, (Thomas, J., concurring) (indicating agree-
ment that, as a result, petitioners could not have raised a materiality argu-
ment on this ground).
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
Page Proof Pending Publication
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 115, line 17: "New" is inserted before "International"
p. 116, line 14 from bottom: "instead" is deleted
p. 123, line 3 from bottom: "New" is inserted before "International"
p. 127, line 10: "any" is inserted before "one"
p. 139, line 2 from bottom: "its" is deleted
p. 142, line 14: "the" is inserted before "termination"
p. 156, line 5 from bottom: the frst "a" is deleted

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 2
Pages 422 -- 442

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 12, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
422 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE v. ZUCH

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the third circuit
No. 24 -- 416. Argued April 22, 2025 -- Decided June 12, 2025
This case involves the jurisdiction of the United States Tax Court over
appeals from collection due process hearings when there is no longer an
ongoing levy. The dispute here began in 2012, when Jennifer Zuch and
her then-husband Patrick Gennardo each fled an untimely 2010 federal
tax return. Gennardo subsequently submitted an offer in compromise
to resolve outstanding tax liabilities. This offer implicated $50,000 in
estimated tax payments that the couple had previously sent to the IRS;
following the offer, the IRS applied these payments to Gennardo's ac-
count. For her part, Zuch later amended her 2010 tax return to report
additional income, which resulted in an additional $28,000 in taxes due.
But Zuch maintained that the IRS should have credited the couple's
$50,000 payment to her account, entitling her to a $22,000 refund. The
IRS disagreed and sought to collect her unpaid taxes by placing a levy
Page Proof Pending Publication
on her property pursuant to its authority under 26 U. S. C..
Zuch requested a collection due process hearing to contest the levy.
The appeals offcer rejected Zuch's argument about the misapplied
$50,000 tax payment and issued a Notice of Determination sustaining
the levy action under (3). Zuch then appealed to the Tax Court
under (1). During the multi-year proceedings before the
agency and the Tax Court that followed, Zuch fled several annual tax
returns showing overpayments. Each time, the IRS applied these
overpayments to her outstanding 2010 tax liability rather than issuing
refunds. Once Zuch's liability reached zero, the IRS moved to dismiss
the Tax Court proceeding as moot, arguing that the Tax Court lacked
jurisdiction because the IRS no longer had a basis to levy on Zuch's
property. The Tax Court agreed. But on appeal, the Third Circuit
vacated the dismissal, holding that the IRS's abandonment of the levy
did not moot the Tax Court proceedings.
Held: The Tax Court lacks jurisdiction under to resolve disputes
between a taxpayer and the IRS when the IRS is no longer pursuing a
levy. Pp. 428 -- 432.
(a) "The Tax Court is a court of limited jurisdiction." Commissioner
v. McCoy, (per curiam). Section 6330(d)(1) grants the Tax
Court jurisdiction to "review" an appeals offcer's "determination" in a
collection due process hearing. The scope of the "determination" deter-
 Cite as: (2025) 423

Syllabus

mines what the Tax Court has jurisdiction to review. The Court agrees
with the Government that "determination" refers to the binary decision
whether a levy may proceed. Section 6330(c)(3) requires the appeals
offcer to consider three things when making this "determination," in-
cluding "issues raised" by the taxpayer. The statute thus distinguishes
between "consideration[s]" that inform the "determination" and the "de-
termination" itself. Here, Zuch's dispute about estimated tax payments
was an input into the "determination" -- an "issu[e] raised" that the ap-
peals offcer was required to consider under (3)(B). The "deter-
mination," by contrast, was just the appeals offcer's decision to sustain
the levy.
Statutory context also supports the Government's position on the lim-
ited scope of the Tax Court's jurisdiction under (1). When a
taxpayer wants to contest tax liability, the default rule requires taxpay-
ers to frst pay the disputed tax before pursuing a challenge..
Had the IRS simply offset Zuch's overpayments without pursuing a levy,
her only recourse would have been a refund suit in line with the default
rule. The IRS's proposed levy triggered Zuch's right to a collection
due process hearing under (1), but -- titled "Notice and
opportunity for hearing before levy" -- focuses just on the proposed levy.
The hearing's scope tracks its purpose: taxpayers may raise only levy-
Page Proof Pending Publication
related issues. See (2)(A) ("any relevant issue relating to the
unpaid tax or the proposed levy"); (2)(B) ("challenges to the ex-
istence or amount of the underlying tax liability" ).
Given 's unwavering focus on levies and the default rule requiring
postpayment suits, it would be strange if a taxpayer could use a 
appeal to resolve tax disputes that no longer have any connection to an
ongoing levy.
Finally, the Court doubts the Tax Court has authority under 
to provide relief beyond enjoining a levy. Nothing in (1) au-
thorizes the Tax Court to order refunds or to issue declaratory judg-
ments resolving tax liability disputes. While Zuch argues that author-
ity to enjoin a levy necessarily includes the ability to declare the validity
of underlying tax obligations, the Tax Court's authority to render such
conclusions depends on the levy's existence. Pp. 428 -- 431.
(b) The Tax Court properly dismissed Zuch's appeal. The appeals
offcer issued a "determination" that the IRS's proposed levy could pro-
ceed. The Tax Court had jurisdiction to review that determination -- 
to decide whether the levy could (or could not) go forward. As part of
that review, the Tax Court initially had authority to determine whether
the appeals offcer's predicate conclusions -- like whether the $50,000
should have been credited exclusively to Gennardo -- were correct. But
once Zuch no longer owed unpaid taxes, there was no basis for a levy
424 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Opinion of the Court

and thus no relevant "determination" to review. The Tax Court lacked
jurisdiction to opine on disputed tax liability independent of any ongoing
collection effort. Zuch's recourse for alleged tax overpayments is to
fle a refund suit, see 28 U. S. C. (1), 1491(a)(1), which she has
already done. Pp. 431 -- 432.
97 F. 4th 81, reversed and remanded.

Barrett, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Alito, Sotomayor, Kagan, Kavanaugh, and Jack-
son, JJ., joined. Gorsuch, J., fled a dissenting opinion, post, p. 432.

Erica L. Ross argued the cause for petitioner. With her
on the briefs were Solicitor General Sauer, Acting Solicitor
General Harris, Deputy Assistant Attorney General Hub-
bert, Deputy Solicitor General Gannon, Francesca Ugolini,
Jennifer M. Rubin, and Julie Ciamporcero Avetta.
Shay Dvoretzky argued the cause for respondent. With
him on the brief were Parker Rider-Longmaid, Armando
Gomez, Sylvia O. Tsakos, Hanaa Khan, Raza Rasheed, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
Frank Agostino.*

Justice Barrett delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Tax Code authorizes the Internal Revenue Service
to levy on -- in other words, to seize and sell -- a taxpayer's
property to collect unpaid taxes. 26 U. S. C.. Be-
fore a levy goes forward, however, the taxpayer has the right
to a hearing at which she can dispute issues relating to the
levy. -- (b). At the hearing, an appeals offcer con-
siders the taxpayer's arguments and renders a "determina-
tion" about whether the levy can proceed. (3). If
the appeals offcer sustains the levy, the taxpayer can seek
review in the United States Tax Court. (1).

*Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Center for
Taxpayer Rights by Audrey Patten; for the Chamber of Commerce of the
United States of America by Lauren Willard Zehmer; for the National
Taxpayers Union Foundation et al. by Joseph D. Henchman; and for A.
Lavar Taylor, pro se.
 Cite as: (2025) 425

Opinion of the Court

This case presents a procedural twist. While Jennifer
Zuch's appeal was pending before the Tax Court, she over-
paid her taxes -- and the IRS applied those overpayments
against her alleged tax liability, thereby eliminating any jus-
tifcation for a levy. Yet Zuch wanted the appeal to con-
tinue. She still disputed the debt that prompted the levy,
and she hoped that a victory before the Tax Court would
force the IRS to refund her overpayments. We must decide
whether the Tax Court had jurisdiction to hear Zuch's appeal
once the possibility of a levy was off the table. It did not.
I
A
The typical way to dispute a tax liability is to pay frst
and then seek a refund. 26 U. S. C. (barring most
"suit[s] for the purpose of restraining the assessment or col-
lection of any tax"); see also 28 U. S. C. (barring
Page Proof Pending Publication
declaratory judgments in actions "with respect to Federal
taxes"). In certain circumstances, however, Congress has
given taxpayers the option of prepayment judicial review.
A levy is one such exception. When a taxpayer who is "lia-
ble to pay [a] tax neglects or refuses to pay the same," the
IRS may "levy upon all property and rights to property"
belonging to the taxpayer. 26 U. S. C.. But be-
cause the seizure and sale of property has serious conse-
quences for the taxpayer, see, Congress requires
the IRS to give the taxpayer an opportunity to request a
hearing before the levy is made, -- (b), (e)(1). In the
tax world, this is called a "collection due process hearing."
An appeals offcer in the IRS Independent Offce of Ap-
peals conducts the collection due process hearing.
(3). At it, the taxpayer "may raise... any relevant
issue relating to the unpaid tax or the proposed levy," such
as "appropriate spousal defenses," "challenges to the appro-
priateness of collection actions," or "offers of collection alter-
natives." (2)(A). The taxpayer "may also raise at
426 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Opinion of the Court

the hearing challenges to the existence or amount of the un-
derlying tax liability" if the taxpayer did not previously have
an opportunity to dispute the tax liability. (2)(B).
The appeals offcer then makes a "determination," which
"shall take into consideration" various factors, including "the
issues raised" by the taxpayer. (3).
Within 30 days of the appeals offcer's determination, the
taxpayer may "petition the Tax Court for review of such de-
termination." (1). The decision of the Tax Court
is reviewable in the federal courts of appeals..

B
In the fall of 2012, Jennifer Zuch and her then-husband
Patrick Gennardo separately fled untimely 2010 federal in-
come tax returns. Zuch's return reported no outstanding
tax obligations, but Gennardo's refected a substantial bal-
ance due. To resolve this balance, as well as other outstand-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing tax liabilities, Gennardo submitted an offer in com-
promise to the IRS. See. This offer implicated
estimated tax payments -- totaling $50,000 -- that the couple
had already sent to the IRS. After Gennardo submitted his
offer, the IRS applied these payments to his account as a
married-fling-separate taxpayer, thereby settling his debt.
A few weeks later, Zuch fled an amended 2010 tax return
that reported an additional $71,000 in income from a retire-
ment distribution, generating almost $28,000 in tax liability.
But Zuch also claimed that the $50,000 in estimated tax pay-
ments should be credited to her account, entitling her to a
net refund of about $22,000.
The IRS disagreed. Because it had already allocated the
$50,000 to Gennardo, it refused to apply the estimated pay-
ments to Zuch. Instead, the IRS informed her that it in-
tended to levy on her property to collect what it deemed to
be unpaid taxes. Zuch requested a collection due process
hearing, at which she asserted that the IRS should have
credited the estimated tax payments to her account. The
 Cite as: (2025) 427

Opinion of the Court

appeals offcer rejected her argument and sent Zuch a Notice
of Determination sustaining the levy action. Zuch then ap-
pealed to the Tax Court, which remanded the case back to
the Offce of Appeals for further factual development. The
Offce sustained the levy, and proceedings resumed in the
Tax Court.
The process spanned several years, and on multiple occa-
sions during this period, Zuch fled an income tax return
reporting an overpayment that entitled her to a refund.
But each time, instead of issuing a refund, the IRS credited
the overpayment against Zuch's supposedly outstanding 2010
tax liability. See (authorizing the Secretary to
"credit the amount of [any] overpayment... against any
liability in respect of an internal revenue tax on the part of
the person who made the overpayment"). As these credits
accumulated, Zuch gradually paid down the balance, and
when it hit zero, the IRS moved to dismiss the Tax Court
Page Proof Pending Publication
proceeding as moot. Because Zuch no longer owed any
money, there was no longer any justifcation for a levy on
her property. Thus, the IRS argued, the Tax Court lacked
jurisdiction over the appeal from the collection due process
hearing. (After all, the proposed levy was the hearing's rai-
son d'être.) The Tax Court agreed, concluding that it had
no freestanding "jurisdiction to determine an overpayment
or to order a refund or credit of tax paid in a section 6330
proceeding." App. to Pet. for Cert. 43a. So if Zuch wanted
to recover her overpayments -- which would require her to
prevail in her long-running dispute with the IRS about her
2010 tax liability -- she would have to initiate a refund action.
In short, she would have to start over.
Frustrated, Zuch appealed to the Third Circuit, which va-
cated the Tax Court's dismissal and held that the IRS's deci-
sion not to pursue the levy did not moot the Tax Court
proceedings. 97 F. 4th 81, 86 (2024). The Third Circuit
reasoned that (2)(B) authorizes Zuch to raise " `chal-
lenges to the existence or amount of the underlying tax lia-
428 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Opinion of the Court

bility,' " and Zuch still disputed the IRS's allocation of the
$50,000 in estimated tax payments to her ex-husband. Id.,
at 97 -- 98. And in the Third Circuit's view, a declaration by
the Tax Court in Zuch's favor would not be a dead letter
because a declaration might be preclusive in a future refund
proceeding by Zuch against the IRS. Id., at 103 -- 104.1 So
while the Tax Court could not itself order the IRS to give
Zuch a refund, it could enter a declaration that Zuch might
be able to use to secure one.
In reaching this conclusion, the Third Circuit acknowl-
edged that it was "part[ing] ways" with the Fourth and D. C.
Circuits, which have held that the Tax Court lacks jurisdic-
tion over a collection due process proceeding when there is
no longer an underlying levy. Id., at 98; see McLane v.
Commissioner, 24 F. 4th 316, 319 (CA4 2022); Willson v.
Commissioner, 805 F. 3d 316, 321 (CADC 2015). We
granted certiorari to resolve the split. (2025).

Page Proof Pending
II Publication
A
"The Tax Court is a court of limited jurisdiction." Com-
missioner v. McCoy, (1987) (per curiam); see
also. The parties agree that the only jurisdiction-
conferring provision applicable here is (1), which
states that the Tax Court "shall have jurisdiction" to "re-
view" a "determination" made by an appeals offcer in a col-
lection due process hearing.
What matters, then, is the scope of a "determination"
under (1). As the Government sees it, a "determi-
nation" is simply a decision as to whether a levy may go
forward; if there is no longer a proposed levy, there is no
1
The Third Circuit also held that Zuch's claim was not moot on the
theory that the IRS had unlawfully withheld her refunds and used them
to offset her tax liability. See 97 F. 4th, at 94 -- 97. Zuch has not defended
this portion of the Third Circuit's reasoning, so we decline to consider it
as an alternative ground for affrmance.
 Cite as: (2025) 429

Opinion of the Court

adverse determination of which the taxpayer may seek re-
view in the Tax Court. By contrast, Zuch argues that a
"determination" encompasses the appeals offcer's resolution
of all the issues raised by the taxpayer at the collection due
process hearing. Here, the appeals offcer concluded that
the $50,000 in estimated tax payments should be credited to
Gennardo. The Tax Court can still review that conclusion,
Zuch insists, even though the IRS abandoned the possible
levy. And Zuch contends that if the Tax Court agrees with
her, the IRS would then refund her the amount it had
withheld.
We agree with the Government: The "determination" in
(1) refers to the binary decision whether a levy may
proceed. Section 6330(c)(3), which sets forth the basis for
an appeals offcer's "determination," states that it "shall take
into consideration" three things: (A) a verifcation that the
IRS has complied with "any applicable law"; (B) the "issues
raised" by the taxpayer; and (C) whether the levy "balances
Page Proof Pending Publication
the need for the effcient collection of taxes" against concerns
that a levy "be no more intrusive than necessary." The stat-
ute thus distinguishes between "consideration[s]" that in-
form the appeals offcer's "determination" and the "determi-
nation" itself. In other words, the statute speaks in terms
of inputs (the three considerations articulated in 
(3)(A) -- (C)) and an output (the appeals offcer's ultimate "de-
termination"). Here, the dispute about Zuch's estimated tax
payments was an input into the "determination": an "issu[e]
raised" by Zuch that the appeals offcer was required to
consider. (3)(B). The "determination" was the ap-
peals offcer's decision upholding the IRS's decision to issue
a levy.2 App. to Pet. for Cert. 63a.

2
The dissent suggests that the Tax Court "may review the full scope of
a `determination,' including its resolution of a taxpayer's `unpaid tax' or
her `underlying tax liability.' " Post, at 438 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.). In
our view, however, this begs the key question: What is a determination?
The dissent simply assumes that a determination incorporates the consid-
430 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Opinion of the Court

Statutory context also supports the Government's inter-
pretation. Recall the default rule: Taxpayers cannot chal-
lenge disputes about tax liability without frst paying the
disputed taxes.. Had the IRS offset Zuch's over-
payments against her tax bill without pursuing a levy, Zuch's
only option would have been to sue for a refund. She was
able to depart from the ordinary course only because the IRS
proposed a levy, which triggered her right to a collection due
process hearing. See (1) ("No levy may be made on
any property or right to property of any person unless the
Secretary has notifed such person in writing of their right
to a hearing under this section before such levy is made").
So, as one might expect, focuses on a proposed levy.
The provision is titled "Notice and opportunity for hearing
before levy." The notice must occur "not less than 30 days
before the day of the frst levy," (2), and must in-
clude information about the levy, such as the statutory provi-
sions "relating to levy and sale of property," "the procedures
Page Proof Pending Publication
applicable to the levy and sale of property," and the "proce-
dures relating to redemption of property and release of liens
on property," (3)(C). The scope of the hearing
tracks its purpose: The taxpayer may raise only issues that
pertain to the levy. See (2)(A) ("any relevant issue
relating to the unpaid tax or the proposed levy");
(2)(B) ("challenges to the existence or amount of the
underlying tax liability" ). Given 's
unwavering focus on levies and the default rule requiring
postpayment suits, it would be strange if a taxpayer could
use a appeal to resolve tax disputes that no longer
have any connection to an ongoing levy.
Finally, we are skeptical that the Tax Court has authority
to provide any relief under that goes beyond an
order enjoining a levy. Section 6330(e)(1) authorizes the
Tax Court to "enjoi[n]" "the beginning of a levy or proceed-
erations that inform it. But for the reasons we provide, that view is
mistaken.
 Cite as: (2025) 431

Opinion of the Court

ing," but it may do so "only in respect of the unpaid tax
or proposed levy to which the determination being appealed
relates." The provision does not authorize the Tax Court to
order a refund or to issue a declaratory judgment that re-
solves disputes about tax liability. Of course, as Zuch notes,
the authority to issue injunctive relief against a levy neces-
sarily includes the ability to make declarations about the va-
lidity of the tax obligations underlying it. But not when
there is no levy. Without a levy, the Tax Court has no au-
thority to render such conclusions.3
B
Given these statutory constraints, the Tax Court properly
dismissed Zuch's appeal. The appeals offcer issued a "de-
termination" that the IRS's proposed levy on Zuch's prop-
erty could go forward. The Tax Court had jurisdiction to
review that determination -- that is, to decide whether the
levy could (or could not) go forward. As part of that review,
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Tax Court initially had authority to determine whether
the appeals offcer's predicate conclusions -- like whether the
$50,000 should have been credited exclusively to Gennardo -- 
were correct.
Once the IRS used Zuch's overpayments to zero out the
balance she allegedly owed, there was no longer any basis
for a levy -- thus, there was no relevant "determination" for
the Tax Court to review. At this point, Zuch's appeal
amounted to a request that the Tax Court issue an opinion
on a disputed question of tax liability independent of any
3
The dissent suggests that the Tax Court "could enjoin the IRS from
pursuing `any action' to seek or retain money from [Zuch] for [the 2010]
tax year or from making any contrary decision about the matter." Post,
at 439 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.). But there is nothing to enjoin, nor could
there be. Because Zuch satisfed her outstanding tax liability, the IRS
has no reason to try to "seek" money from Zuch. Ibid. In fact, that is
the entire reason the IRS dropped its proposed levy. So the dissent's
suggestion simply underscores why the Tax Court lacks jurisdiction to
provide Zuch any further relief.
432 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

ongoing collection effort. Because the Tax Court lacked ju-
risdiction to do so, it was right to dismiss the case.4
Of course, none of this means that Zuch lacks recourse
against the IRS. Like any taxpayer, she may fle a postdep-
rivation suit for a refund, see 28 U. S. C. (1),
1491(a)(1), which she has in fact already done, see Complaint
in Zuch v. United States, No. 2:25 -- cv -- 01900 (D NJ, Mar. 14,
2025).
* * *
Because there was no longer a proposed levy, the Tax
Court properly concluded that it lacked jurisdiction to re-
solve questions about Zuch's disputed tax liability. The
judgment of the Third Circuit is reversed, and the case is
remanded for further proceedings consistent with this
opinion.
It is so ordered.

Page Proof Pending Publication
Justice Gorsuch, dissenting.
Like many Americans, Jennifer Zuch wound up owing
money on her taxes. When the Internal Revenue Service
told her that she had failed to pay all she owed for 2010, her
(then) husband responded by paying the bill. But instead
of applying that payment to resolve her liability, the agency
used the money to satisfy her husband's separate tax debt.
The agency did so even after Ms. Zuch's husband insisted
the money was meant for her tab, not his. Then, because it

4
The parties have briefed the issues here primarily in terms of moot-
ness. It is indeed possible that the IRS's decision not to proceed with a
levy mooted the proceedings in the Tax Court: If the Tax Court lacks the
authority to issue the sort of preclusive declaratory judgment that Zuch
seeks, then Zuch is effectively asking the court for an advisory opinion.
And because the Tax Court applies principles of Article III jurisdiction
to itself, this conclusion would have separately warranted dismissal. See
Battat v. Commissioner, 148 T. C. 32, 46 (2017). We view our decision,
however, as resting not on mootness but instead on the limits of the Tax
Court's statutory jurisdiction under 26 U. S. C..
 Cite as: (2025) 433

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

deemed Ms. Zuch's liability still outstanding, the agency
sought to seize and sell her property in a levy.
Ms. Zuch spent more than a decade challenging the IRS's
moves before the agency and, later, the Tax Court. Finally,
just as the Tax Court was poised to rule, the IRS moved to
dismiss Ms. Zuch's case. It did not do so because it admitted
its mistake in crediting her husband's payment to the wrong
account. Instead, the agency told the court, it had deter-
mined that Ms. Zuch overpaid her taxes in later years, and
it had decided to keep (rather than refund) those overpay-
ments to satisfy her (disputed) 2010 debt. So, the IRS con-
tinued, a levy was no longer needed and the court should
therefore dismiss the case. The Tax Court agreed, reason-
ing that the IRS's decision to drop the levy deprived it of
jurisdiction over the dispute. See 97 F. 4th 81, 88 -- 91 (CA3
2024).
The Court endorses that decision. I would not. Ms.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Zuch still had a live claim pending before the Tax Court.
She argued that the IRS erred by failing to credit her hus-
band's payment to her tax debt, so she owed the agency noth-
ing for 2010. Had she prevailed on that claim, the IRS
would have had no basis for keeping her overpayments in
later years. Nothing prevented the Tax Court from say-
ing as much. Today's decision holding otherwise leaves
Ms. Zuch with no meaningful way to pursue her argument
that the IRS erred or to recoup the overpayments she be-
lieves the IRS has wrongly retained. Along the way, the
Court's decision hands the IRS a powerful new tool to avoid
accountability for its mistakes in future cases like this one.
I
To see where the Court and I differ, a little background
helps. As many taxpayers know, the IRS can collect unpaid
taxes by seizing and selling a taxpayer's property in a levy.
But, before the agency can take that step, it must afford the
taxpayer an opportunity to request a hearing before the
434 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

IRS's in-house Offce of Appeals. 26 U. S. C.. At
the hearing, the taxpayer may raise "any relevant issue re-
lating to the unpaid tax or the proposed levy" and (if she
hasn't previously had the chance to do so) challenge "the
existence or amount of [her] underlying tax liability."
(2).
After the hearing, the Offce of Appeals issues a "determi-
nation." (3). By statute, a "determination by an
appeals offcer... shall take into consideration" various mat-
ters. Ibid. They include whether the IRS has followed all
"applicable" legal rules, whether a levy is "no more intrusive
than necessary," and whether the IRS has explained away
the "issues raised" by the taxpayer -- which, remember, may
include a challenge to the "unpaid tax" or to the "underlying
tax liability." (1) -- (3).
Once the Offce of Appeals issues a "determination," the
taxpayer can seek review in the Tax Court -- another admin-
istrative tribunal within the Executive Branch. See Part
Page Proof Pending Publication
III, infra. Section 6330(d)(1) provides that a taxpayer
"may, within 30 days of a determination under this section,
petition the Tax Court for review of such determination (and
the Tax Court shall have jurisdiction with respect to such
matter)." (Emphasis added.) If the Tax Court concludes
that the Offce of Appeals erred, it may "enjoin any action
or proceeding... in respect of the unpaid tax or proposed
levy to which the determination being appealed relates,"
(1), or else "remand [the] case" to the Offce of Ap-
peals for further proceedings, Internal Revenue Manual.22.9.16(1) (Nov. 13, 2013); see also, e. g., Drake v. Commis-
sioner, 92 TCM 37, 44 (2006).
II
Where should all this leave Ms. Zuch? As the above sketch
illustrates, the Tax Court's jurisdiction over her case hinged
on the presence of a timely appealed "determination" by the
Offce of Appeals. Ante, at 426 -- 427, 431. Everyone agrees
 Cite as: (2025) 435

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

we have that here. As we have seen, too, a "determination"
may address whether a taxpayer actually owes any "unpaid
tax" or has any "underlying tax liability." (1) -- (3).
Everyone agrees we have that here too, for the "determina-
tion" in Ms. Zuch's case both approved a levy and rejected
her argument that she had already fully satisfed her 2010
tax bill thanks to her husband's payment. Brief for Peti-
tioner 9; ante, at 431.
Those undisputed facts should lead to a straightforward
conclusion: Because the Tax Court had before it a valid de-
termination, it had jurisdiction to review all the issues ad-
dressed in that determination, including whether the IRS
was wrong to say Ms. Zuch owed money for 2010. Had the
Tax Court ruled for Ms. Zuch on that issue, its decision
would have had other important consequences too, for it
would have deprived the IRS of its sole justifcation for keep-
ing, rather than refunding, Ms. Zuch's later overpayments.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The fact that the IRS announced its intention to drop its
levy is immaterial. Nothing in the statute before us sug-
gests that the IRS can deprive the Tax Court of jurisdiction
simply by withdrawing a levy. To the contrary, three key
features of the statutory scheme we have already encoun-
tered preclude that conclusion.
First, (1) governs the Tax Court's jurisdiction. It
provides that the Tax Court "shall have jurisdiction" over
"such matter" -- a phrase that refers back to the Offce of
Appeals's "determination" in the taxpayer's case under
(3). See Boechler v. Commissioner, -- 205 (2022); accord, ante, at 428. That command is manda-
tory, and it nowhere uses the word "levy." The absence of
that term is telling, too, given that Congress used it almost
30 times elsewhere in. Had Congress wished the Tax
Court's jurisdiction to rise and fall with a levy, it obviously
knew how to say so. Congress's decision instead to link ju-
risdiction to a "determination" is one we must respect, not
436 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

allow the IRS to rewrite as it pleases. See Feliciano v. De-
partment of Transportation, (2025).
Second, (2) provides that a "determination" may
address not just an up-or-down decision on a levy but also
other matters raised before the Offce of Appeals, including
a taxpayer's claim that she has no "unpaid tax" or "under-
lying tax liability." And, the statute tells us, resolution
of those issues forms the "[b]asis" for the determination, supplying textual evidence that "a determination
incorporates the considerations that inform it," contra, ante,
at 429 -- 430,. Confrming as much, the Tax Court itself
has observed that its "jurisdiction is defned by the scope of
the determination" and, as a result, it may consider "chal-
lenges to the existence or amount of the underlying tax lia-
bility" if "raised by the taxpayer" and resolved by the Offce
of Appeals. Freije v. Commissioner, 125 T. C. 14, 25 (2005);
accord, Sego v. Commissioner, 114 T. C. 604, 610 (2000); 26
Page Proof Pending Publication
CFR.6330 -- 1, A -- F3 (2024). As we have seen, the Offce
of Appeals's determination in this case expressly addressed
Ms. Zuch's claim that she had no unpaid taxes or underlying
liability for 2010.
Third, (1) grants the Tax Court the power to issue
injunctions against "any action or proceeding... in respect
of the unpaid tax or proposed levy to which the determina-
tion being appealed relates." (Emphasis added.) That dis-
junctive phrasing suggests the Tax Court may enjoin "any"
IRS "action" relating to the "unpaid tax" -- even if the action
is not a "proposed levy." (1); see Encino Motor-
cars, LLC v. Navarro, (2018). Potential IRS
actions relating to an "unpaid tax" include various "collection
alternatives," (2)(A), and decisions about "whether
[a tax] liability remains unpaid," Brief for Petitioner 25, 
(internal quotation marks omitted; emphasis deleted); see 97
F. 4th, at 88. Accordingly, had the Tax Court found that Ms.
Zuch owed nothing for 2010, it could have wielded its reme-
dial authority under (1) to enjoin the IRS from en-
 Cite as: (2025) 437

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

gaging in "any action" to collect that debt. An injunction
could stop the IRS from asserting its entitlement to retain
Ms. Zuch's later overpayments. See Part IV, infra.1
Until recently, even the IRS would have agreed with all
this. As the IRS once put it, a "motion to dismiss" is "inap-
propriate" in the Tax Court proceedings as long as a tax-
payer (as here) still contests "the existence or amount" of her
tax liability. Dept. of Treasury, IRS Offce of Chief Counsel,
Notice CC -- 2003 -- 016 (May 29, 2003). Nor would it matter,
the IRS continued, if the taxpayer had already "paid" the
disputed tax -- a development that, pretty plainly, would
avoid any need for a levy. Ibid.; accord, IRS Notice CC -- 
2005 -- 008 (May 19, 2005); 97 F. 4th, at 100 -- 101, and.
Now, of course, the IRS has changed its mind and taken just
the opposite view. But, when the government switches po-
sition and advances a new statutory construction that tilts
the playing feld in its favor, "no one should be surprised if
its latest utterance isn't the most convincing one." Bittner
Page Proof Pending Publication
v. United States, (2023).

III
At the IRS's urging, the Court today upholds the Tax
Court's dismissal of Ms. Zuch's claims. In doing so, the
Court embraces the agency's (present) view that the Tax
Court is powerless to resolve a case once the IRS
abandons a levy. But the three arguments the IRS ad-
vances (and the Court adopts) in support of that conclusion
do not come close to proving it.

1
The Court says there is no action left to enjoin in Ms. Zuch's case
because the IRS already has her money. Ante, at 431,. But every-
one agrees that Ms. Zuch may still seek a refund for at least some (but
not all) of the overpayments in later years. Ante, at 432; Part IV, infra.
And an injunction here could prevent the IRS from taking actions in those
proceedings asserting its entitlement to the money. Even beyond that,
there is the possibility that the IRS would heed the Tax Court's view of
Ms. Zuch's case and refund all her later overpayments. Part III, infra.
438 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

The IRS frst posits that the word "determination" in
(1) "refers to the binary decision whether a levy may
proceed." Ante, at 429; Brief for Petitioner 19. So when
the Offce of Appeals issues a "determination," the IRS says,
that offce simply decides whether a levy is appropriate.
And given that, the IRS extrapolates, the Tax Court's juris-
diction must also be limited to assessing the propriety of a
levy. See id., at 19 -- 21.
The statute the IRS imagines is not the statute we have.
Congress did not say that a "determination" refers to a bi-
nary decision whether a levy may proceed. Instead, Con-
gress said that the Tax Court may review the full scope of
a "determination," including its resolution of a taxpayer's
"unpaid tax" or her "underlying tax liability." (2),
(d)(1). Congress discussed levies in many other places in
and it easily could have said that the Tax Court may
review only a "determination whether the levy may go for-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ward." Yet nothing like that italicized condition appears in
Congress's work.2
Next, the IRS suggests that the Tax Court's jurisdiction
must be limited to assessing levies because the only remedy
it can issue is an order directing the government "not to
pursue a levy." Brief for Petitioner 20. Along similar but
more restrained lines, the Court expresses "skeptic[ism]"

2
Seeking a textual hook for its view that a "determination" really means
a "levy," the Court observes that a "determination" must be something
separate from the "considerations" that inform it, like the taxpayer's un-
derlying liability. Ante, at 429. That hardly helps. Of course, a "deter-
mination" is not the same as the issues it resolves. But that does not
mean the Tax Court is powerless to review the considerations that inform
a "determination." Indeed, the Court admits that the Tax Court can at-
tend to such "predicate conclusions" while a levy is ongoing. Ante, at 431.
So why would things play out differently once the IRS no longer intends
a levy? As even the government concedes, abandoning a levy does not
withdraw or vacate an adverse IRS "determination." Tr. of Oral Arg.
11 -- 12.
 Cite as: (2025) 439

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

that the Tax Court's remedial authority extends beyond en-
joining a levy. Ante, at 430 -- 431.
Whether full-throated or half-hearted, that argument, too,
disregards the statute's terms. Remember, (1) per-
mits the Tax Court to enjoin "any action" by the IRS relat-
ing to the "unpaid tax or the proposed levy." See Part I,
supra; cf. ante, at 430 -- 431. So, if the Tax Court were to
conclude that Ms. Zuch is right -- that her husband paid her
bill and she owes nothing for 2010 -- then it could enjoin the
IRS from pursuing "any action" to seek or retain money from
her for that tax year or from making any contrary decision
about the matter. And, as we have seen, that relief would
effectively foreclose the agency from asserting any lawful
entitlement to Ms. Zuch's overpayments in later years.
The IRS's remedial theory suffers another flaw, too.
Sometimes, of course, developments during litigation that
leave an Article III court powerless to issue any binding
relief can present a jurisdictional problem. The Constitu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion, after all, authorizes federal courts to entertain only live
cases and controversies, not moot ones where it is no longer
possible "to grant any effectual relief " to the parties.
Chafn v. Chafn, (2013). But, as the Court
seems to recognize, ante, at 432, that constitutional con-
straint does not apply to the Tax Court. Name notwith-
standing, that body is not part of the Judicial Branch. In-
stead, it exercises Article II "[e]xecutive authority as part of
the Executive Branch." Kuretski v. Commissioner, 755
F. 3d 929, 932 (CADC 2014).3 So when the Tax Court ad-
dresses a tax dispute and returns it to the Offce of Appeals,

3
See also Crim v. Commissioner, 66 F. 4th 999, 1000 (CADC 2023) (hold-
ing that the Tax Court remains "part of the Executive Branch" notwith-
standing a statutory amendment, confrming its "indepeden[ce]");
Freytag v. Commissioner, (1991) (Scalia, J., concurring
in part and concurring in judgment) ("It seems to me entirely obvious that
the Tax Court, like the Internal Revenue Service,... exercises execu-
tive power").
440 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

it is just one executive agency advising another about how
to enforce federal law in a particular setting. And even
without an injunction compelling it to do so, the Offce of
Appeals may choose to follow the Tax Court's views when
carrying out its duty to resolve "tax controversies... to the
maximum extent possible through an administrative settle-
ment." Internal Revenue Manual.1.1.1.1 (Jan. 9, 2024).
For taxpayers like Ms. Zuch, that may be all the relief they
need.
Without statutory text on its side, the IRS resorts to legis-
lative history. Citing a committee report, the agency con-
tends that Congress meant for proceedings in the Tax
Court to be rare and few, and for most "[c]hallenges to the
assessment of a tax" to be brought in "post-payment refund
suits" or "pre-payment defciency actions" in federal district
court. Brief for Petitioner 23 ); see ante, at 430. That background rule, the IRS
says, counsels against reading to allow the Tax Court
Page Proof Pending Publication
to entertain disputes after the government abandons a
levy.
But even if refund suits and defciency actions were once
the usual ways for individuals to contest their tax liabilities,
nobody disputes that Congress afforded taxpayers a new
way of doing so when it adopted. And taxpayers are
entitled to expect that provision will be applied as written,
not whittled down to a nub to suit the IRS. See Feliciano,
605 U. S., at 54; Epic Systems Corp. v. Lewis, (2018).
IV
Recognizing that today's decision leaves Ms. Zuch, after a
decade of litigation, without resolution of her straightfor-
ward argument that the IRS erred when it concluded she
had not paid her 2010 tax bill, the agency invites her to "start
over." Ante, at 427. All she has to do, the IRS says, is fle
a new refund suit in federal district court. There, she can
make all the arguments she sought to press in the Tax Court.
 Cite as: (2025) 441

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

And, if she prevails, she can secure a refund of the overpay-
ments the agency kept to satisfy her (disputed) 2010 debt.
See Brief for Petitioner 15, 34; ante, at 432. But that is no
answer. More nearly, it is a trap for the unwary.
The reason has to do with a statutory deadline. Taxpay-
ers may not pursue refund suits until they have fled admin-
istrative claims with the IRS, something they must accom-
plish "within 3 years from the time the return was fled or 2
years from the time the tax was paid," whichever period
ends later.. Yet a taxpayer who chooses to con-
test her tax liability in proceedings may not know that
she needs to fle such an administrative claim until the time
for doing so has passed. See Brief for Center for Taxpayer
Rights as Amicus Curiae 19 -- 21.4
Ms. Zuch's case illustrates the problem. The government
deemed her 2010 tax debt "paid" when it kept overpayments
she made in 2013 -- 2016 and 2019. 97 F. 4th, at 91. To seek
the return of those overpayments, Ms. Zuch needed to sub-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mit an administrative claim with the IRS within two years
of when the agency kept each payment.. Yet for
a couple reasons, she did not know that she had any need to
fle a claim. See 97 F. 4th, at 91. For one, she was actively
litigating proceedings and understandably thought
that was suffcient unto the day. For another, it appears the
government did not tell her that she had overpaid her taxes
in 2013 -- 2016 and 2019, or that it intended to use those over-
payments to satisfy her (disputed) 2010 tax liability, until it
moved to dismiss her case in the Tax Court. 97 F. 4th, at
91,. Consequently, Ms. Zuch had no reason to think
administrative refund claims might be necessary, or even
available, until that point. And by the time she fled a re-

4
Though (1) automatically suspends the limitations period for
fling a refund suit in district court during the pendency of Tax Court
proceedings, the government contends that it does not automatically sus-
pend the period for fling an administrative claim. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
24 -- 25, 28; accord, id., at 44 -- 45.
442 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

fund suit in district court, it was too late for her to submit
prerequisite administrative claims for some (but not all) of
the years in question and thus too late for the court to adju-
dicate her entitlement to refunds for those years. See Tr.
of Oral Arg. 28, 44 -- 45. So the IRS's invitation for Ms. Zuch
to "start over" really turns out to be little more than an
effort to deprive her of complete relief.
*
The short of it all is this. The IRS seeks, and the Court
endorses, a view of the law that gives that agency a roadmap
for evading Tax Court review and never having to answer a
taxpayer's complaint that it has made a mistake. After
today, proceedings are essentially risk-free for the
IRS. It may pursue a levy and argue its case to the Tax
Court. Then, if the Tax Court seems likely to side with the
taxpayer, the IRS can drop the levy and avoid an unfavorable
ruling on the taxpayer's underlying tax liability. Doing so
Page Proof Pending Publication
will often prove only a small setback for the IRS because the
agency remains free to pursue other collection methods -- 
including keeping, rather than refunding, a taxpayer's later
overpayments. And the taxpayer will often fnd herself
without any way to challenge the IRS's error or prevent the
agency from keeping more of her money than it is lawfully
due. Seeing nothing in the law compelling any of those re-
sults, I respectfully dissent.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 1
Pages 185 -- 225

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 20, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 185

Syllabus

ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the sixth circuit
No. 23 -- 7483. Argued February 25, 2025 -- Decided June 20, 2025*
Edgardo Esteras pleaded guilty to conspiring to distribute heroin, and the
District Court sentenced him to 12 months in prison followed by a 6-
year term of supervised release. While on supervised release, Esteras
was arrested and charged with domestic violence and other crimes.
The District Court revoked Esteras's supervised release and ordered 24
months of reimprisonment, explaining that Esteras's earlier sentence
had been "rather lenient" and that his revocation sentence must "pro-
mote respect for the law," a consideration enumerated in 18 U. S. C.
(2)(A). The Sixth Circuit affrmed, holding that a district court
may consider (2)(A) when revoking supervised release.
Held: A district court considering whether to revoke a defendant's term
of supervised release may not consider (2)(A), which covers

Page Proof Pending Publication
retribution vis-à-vis the defendant's underlying criminal offense.
Pp. 191 -- 204.
(a) In determining the appropriate sentence for a federal defendant,
a district court must consider 10 factors set forth in. Among
those factors is (2)(A), which references "the need for the sen-
tence imposed" "to refect the seriousness of the offense, to promote
respect for the law, and to provide just punishment for the offense."
This provision speaks to the retributive purpose of punishment.
A judge who imposes a term of imprisonment may also impose a post-
imprisonment term of supervised release. Section 3583(c) enumerates
the factors that a court must consider when deciding to impose super-
vised release. Eight of the ten factors are listed. Signifcant
here, excludes (2)(A), which covers retribution vis-à-
vis the defendant's underlying criminal offense. When a court decides
whether to revoke a defendant's term of supervised release, 
provides that the same eight factors apply. So the question is this: In
determining whether to revoke supervised release, may a district court
account for these omitted factors -- and specifcally (2)(A)? Es-
teras says no; the Government says yes. Pp. 191 -- 195.

*Together with Jaimez, fka Watters v. United States and Leaks v. United
States, also on certiorari to the same court (see this Court's Rule 12.4).
186 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

(b) The Court agrees with Esteras. District courts cannot consider
(2)(A) when revoking supervised release. That conclusion fol-
lows from the well-established canon of statutory interpretation -- "ex-
pressio unius est exclusio alterius" -- which means that expressing one
item of an associated group excludes another item not mentioned. See
Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Echazabal,. While Congress
elsewhere set forth 10 factors that must generally inform a district
court's sentencing decisions, it provided in -- the provision gov-
erning the revocation of supervised release -- that courts must consider
only 8 of those 10 factors. The natural implication is that Congress did
not intend courts to consider the other two factors, including
(2)(A).
The statutory structure confrms this negative inference. Neighbor-
ing provisions governing the imposition and revocation of other kinds
of sentences instruct courts to consider all the factors. But
for supervised release -- and supervised release only -- Congress omitted
(2)(A). This is a distinction with a difference. And Congress's
decision to exclude retribution from the calculus also comports with su-
pervised release's role in the criminal justice scheme. Supervised re-
lease "is not a punishment in lieu of incarceration." United States v.

Page Proof Pending Publication
Granderson,. Rather, it "fulflls rehabilitative ends"
and "provides individuals with postconfnement assistance." United
States v. Johnson, -- 60. So when a defendant violates
a condition of supervised release, courts must consider the forward-
looking sentencing ends, but may not consider the backward-looking
purpose of retribution.
The Court has twice interpreted the omission of (2)(A) from
the provision governing the imposition of supervised release to mean
that district courts may not consider that factor. See Tapia v. United
States, ; Concepcion v. United States,. Al-
though Tapia and Concepcion both deal with the imposition of super-
vised release under, the same reasoning applies to revocation
under : the omission of (2)(A) means that courts may
not consider it. Pp. 195 -- 197.
(c) The Government's counterarguments are unpersuasive. The Gov-
ernment reads the exclusion of (2)(A) from to mean
that district courts must consider enumerated factors and need not (but
may) consider unenumerated ones. Given sentencing judges' discre-
tion, the Government argues, Congress would have been more explicit
had it intended to foreclose the consideration of retributive aims when
revoking supervised release. But what Congress said is clear: The
itemized list in is exhaustive and supplies the entire universe
of factors courts may consider. And the Government's reading trivial-
izes the omission of (2)(A): As the Government recognizes, a
 Cite as: (2025) 187

Syllabus

court may "consider" an enumerated factor but give it no weight. Yet
there is negligible difference between saying that a court must consider
a given factor (but may give it no weight) and saying that a court may
consider a given factor (if the court so chooses).
Next, the Government argues that Esteras's reading is unworkable
because considering other enumerated factors -- such as "the nature and
circumstances of the offense" under (1) -- will necessarily imply
consideration of the retributive principles captured by (2)(A).
While the Government asks how a court may consider the nature and
circumstances of the offense without also considering the retributive
principles captured by (2)(A), the answer is straightforward.
Courts may consider the offense's nature and circumstances to inform
the considerations set forth in (2)(B), (C), and (D) -- deterrence,
incapacitation, and rehabilitation. But courts cannot consider them as
relevant to (2)(A)'s retributive focus.
Finally, the Government interprets, which mandates revoca-
tion in certain circumstances, as subject to the full list of fac-
tors. And it would be anomalous, the Government says, if courts could
consider retribution in mandatory revocations under but not
in discretionary revocations under (3). The correct reading of

Page Proof Pending Publication
does not affect the Court's analysis. That might op-
erate differently from is no reason to disregard 's plain
meaning. Pp. 197 -- 202.
(d) When appellate courts review a claim that the district court has
impermissibly relied on (2)(A), much will turn on whether the
defendant has properly objected to the district court's impermissible
reliance on (2)(A). If not, the defendant's appeal will be gov-
erned by plain-error review. But if a court considers retribution for
the original offense over the defendant's objection, and the error was not
harmless, then the court of appeals should vacate the order and remand
for the court to apply the correct standard. None of this turns the
Court's reading of into a "substance-free reverse magic-words
requirement," as the Government suggests. Brief for United States 37.
The Government confates the proper interpretation of with an
appellate court's ability to enforce that interpretation. Pp. 202 -- 204.
88 F. 4th 1163, 95 F. 4th 1004, vacated and remanded.

Barrett, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Kagan, and Kavanaugh, JJ., joined, and in which
Sotomayor and Jackson, JJ., joined as to all but Part II -- B. Sotomayor,
J., fled an opinion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment, in
which Jackson, J., joined, post, p. 204. Jackson, J., fled an opinion con-
curring in part and concurring in the judgment, post, p. 206. Alito, J.,
fled a dissenting opinion, in which Gorsuch, J., joined, post, p. 208.
188 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Christian J. Grostic argued the cause for petitioners.
With him on the briefs were Stephen C. Newman, Lori B.
Riga, Jeffrey B. Lazarus, Catherine Adinaro Shusky, and
Kevin M. Schad.
Masha G. Hansford argued the cause for the United
States. With her on the brief were Solicitor General Pre-
logar, Pr incipal Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Wible, Deputy Solicitor General Feigin, and Mahogane D.
Reed.†
Justice Barrett delivered the opinion of the Court.
A criminal sentence may include both time in prison and
a term of supervised release. 18 U. S. C.. Super-
vised release comes with conditions -- for instance, the de-
fendant must refrain from committing another crime.. If the defendant violates one of these conditions,
then the district court may revoke the term of supervised

Page Proof Pending Publication
release and require reimprisonment. But a court may do
so only "after considering" an enumerated list of sentencing
factors: those "set forth in section 3553(a)(1), (a)(2)(B),
(a)(2)(C), (a)(2)(D), (a)(4), (a)(5), (a)(6), and (a)(7).".
Conspicuously missing from this list is (2)(A), which
directs a district court to consider "the need for the sentence
imposed" "to refect the seriousness of the offense, to pro-
mote respect for the law, and to provide just punishment for
the offense." The Sixth Circuit held that a district court
may consider that factor nonetheless.
We disagree. Congress's decision to enumerate most of
the sentencing factors while omitting (2)(A) raises a
strong inference that courts may not consider that factor
when deciding whether to revoke a term of supervised re-
lease. This inference is consistent with both the statutory
structure and the role that supervised release plays in the
sentencing process. Accordingly, we vacate the judgments
of the Sixth Circuit and remand for further proceedings.
†Jacob Schuman, pro se, and Ed Spreha fled a brief for Criminal Law
Scholars as amici curiae urging reversal.
 Cite as: (2025) 189

Opinion of the Court

I
In 2018, Edgardo Esteras pleaded guilty to conspiring to
distribute heroin. Varying downward from the 15-to-21-
month sentencing range, the District Court sentenced him
to 12 months in prison, to be followed by a 6-year term of
supervised release.
When Esteras completed his term of imprisonment, his
period of supervised release began. Three years in, the pro-
bation offce notifed the District Court that Esteras had
been arrested. According to the mother of his children, Es-
teras had threatened to kill her and had fred three rounds
into her vehicle. Esteras was charged in municipal court
with domestic violence, aggravated menacing, and criminal
damaging, although the charges were ultimately dismissed
at the request of the victim.
The District Court held a revocation hearing, at which it
found that Esteras had violated the conditions of his super-
Page Proof Pending Publication
vised release. The District Court remarked that Esteras
was "no stranger to law violations and no stranger to federal
court" and that his previous drug sentences had been "rather
lenient." App. 96a. The District Court revoked his super-
vised release and ordered 24 months of reimprisonment, an
upward variation from the advisory 6-to-12-month range,
with three more years of supervised release to follow.
At this point, Esteras's counsel objected, arguing that the
District Court had impermissibly considered "the factor in
Section 3553(a)(2)(A)." Id., at 105a. While Esteras's coun-
sel lodged his objection for the record, he recognized that
Sixth Circuit precedent allows district courts to consider
(2)(A) when revoking a term of supervised release.
See United States v. Lewis, 498 F. 3d 393, 399 -- 400 (2007).
The District Court in turn acknowledged that part of its de-
cision "certainly [was] the need for the sentence imposed, to
promote respect for the law." App. 105a. In a subsequent
written order, the District Court explained that it had "con-
sidered the factors and conditions for sentencing listed in 18
U. S. C. " and had imposed the term of reimprison-
190 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

ment in part to "promote respect for the law." Id., at
115a -- 116a.
The Sixth Circuit affrmed, providing two justifcations for
its view that district courts may consider (2)(A)
when revoking a term of supervised release. See 88 F. 4th
1163 (2023). First, does not say "that the court
may consider `only' those factors" specifcally enumerated,
so there was no indication that Congress meant to displace
the "considerable discretion" that district courts typically
enjoy "over supervised-release decisions." Id., at 1167.
Second, a rule prohibiting district courts from considering
(2)(A) would be unworkable. As the panel saw it,
"the purportedly forbidden considerations mentioned in
(2)(A) tend to be `essentially redundant' with the
permitted ones," so "[t]o think about the one requires the
judge to think about the other." Ibid..

Page Proof Pending Publication
The circuits are divided as to whether district courts may
consider (2)(A) when revoking a term of supervised
release.1 We granted certiorari to resolve this split. (2024).2
1
In addition to the Sixth Circuit, the First, Second, and Third Circuits
have held that district courts may consider (2)(A). See United
States v. Vargas-Dávila, 649 F. 3d 129, 131 -- 132 (CA1 2011); United States
v. Williams, 443 F. 3d 35, 47 -- 48 (CA2 2006); United States v. Young, 634
F. 3d 233, 238 -- 242 (CA3 2011). By contrast, the Fourth, Ninth, and Tenth
Circuits have held that a court may not consider (2)(A). See
United States v. Crudup, 461 F. 3d 433, 439 (CA4 2006); United States v.
Miqbel, 444 F. 3d 1173, 1182 (CA9 2006); United States v. Booker, 63 F. 4th
1254, 1259 -- 1260 (CA10 2023). The Fifth and Seventh Circuits have taken
intermediate positions. See United States v. Sanchez, 900 F. 3d 678, 684,
and (CA5 2018) (while (2)(A) is an impermissible factor for a
district court to consider, "the forbidden factor must be `dominant' " to
constitute reversible error); United States v. Clay, 752 F. 3d 1106, 1108 -- 
1109 (CA7 2014) (allowing consideration of (2)(A) if the district
court "relies primarily" on the enumerated factors).
2
Timothy Jaimez and Toriano Leaks joined Esteras's petition for certio-
rari. Jaimez and Leaks, like Esteras, argued that the District Courts
 Cite as: (2025) 191

Opinion of the Court

II
A
When a district court sentences a federal defendant, the
judge may impose a term of imprisonment, a term of proba-
tion, or a fne. See. In determining the appro-
priate sentence, the court must consider certain factors set
forth in. Some are obvious: The court must con-
sider "the nature and circumstances of the offense," "the his-
tory and characteristics of the defendant," and "the kinds
of sentences available." (1), (3). Others require
courts to consider guidelines or policies issued by the Sen-
tencing Commission. (4) -- (5). And still others re-
fect discrete policy aims, such as "the need to avoid un-
warranted sentence disparities" among similarly situated
defendants and "the need to provide restitution to any vic-
tims of the offense." (6) -- (7).
While all these factors are important, (2) captures

Page Proof Pending Publication
the traditional heartland of criminal sentencing. It requires
courts to consider:
"the need for the sentence imposed -- 
"(A) to refect the seriousness of the offense, to pro-
mote respect for the law, and to provide just punishment
for the offense;
"(B) to afford adequate deterrence to criminal
conduct;
"(C) to protect the public from further crimes of the
defendant; and
"(D) to provide the defendant with needed educa-
tional or vocational training, medical care, or other
correctional treatment in the most effective manner."
"These four considerations -- retribution, deterrence, inca-
pacitation, and rehabilitation -- are the four purposes of sen-
in their revocation proceedings had improperly considered (2)(A).
The Sixth Circuit held that these arguments were foreclosed by Esteras
and Lewis. See United States v. Jaimez, 95 F. 4th 1004, 1007 (2024);
United States v. Leaks, 2024 WL 2196795, *1 (Mar. 6, 2024).
192 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

tencing generally." Tapia v. United States, (2011). They speak to the questions at the core of any
system of criminal justice: What sentence does the defendant
deserve? What sentence will deter criminal conduct in the
future? What sentence will protect the public? And what
sentence is most likely to help the defendant rehabilitate for
transition back into society?
A judge who imposes a term of imprisonment may -- and
sometimes must -- impose a postimprisonment term of super-
vised release.. "Supervised release is `a form of
postconfnement monitoring' that permits a defendant a kind
of conditional liberty by allowing him to serve part of his
sentence outside of prison," subject to conditions on his be-
havior. Mont v. United States, (2019)
).
Some conditions are mandatory, such as requiring that the
defendant not commit additional crimes and, in most cases,

Page Proof Pending Publication
that the defendant submit to drug testing.. Oth-
ers are up to the discretion of the court. Ibid.
When a court "determin[es] whether to include a term of su-
pervised release," as well as the length and conditions of such
a term, it must "consider the factors set forth in section
3553(a)(1), (a)(2)(B), (a)(2)(C), (a)(2)(D), (a)(4), (a)(5), (a)(6), and
(a)(7).". Only two of the factors are ab-
sent from this list. The frst is (2)(A), which requires
the court to consider the need for the sentence imposed to
"refect the seriousness of the offense, to promote respect for
the law, and to provide just punishment for the offense," i. e.,
the retributive purposes of sentencing. The second is
(3), which requires the court to consider "the kinds of
sentences available." When a court decides whether to re-
voke a defendant's supervised release, the very same subset of
factors -- that is, all but two -- applies. (3).3
3
The same list of factors also applies when a district court modifes the
terms of supervised release, such as by terminating supervised release
early, by extending the term of supervised release, or by altering the
conditions of supervised release. (1) -- (2), (4).
 Cite as: (2025) 193

Opinion of the Court

The reason for excluding (3) from the list is self-
evident: When a district court decides whether to revoke a
term of supervised release, there is no need to consider "the
kinds of sentences available," because supervised release is
the only matter at issue.4 The exclusion of (2)(A) is
more signifcant -- and here, controversial. Esteras argues
that district courts cannot consider the retributive purpose
articulated in (2)(A) when revoking supervised re-
lease. The Government insists that courts can consider it,
although they are not required to do so.
B
To see what is at stake, keep in mind that (2)(A)
does not speak of retribution generally -- it references the
need for the sentence "to refect the seriousness of the of-
fense" and to "provide just punishment for the offense."
(Emphasis added.) In the context of a revocation hearing,

Page
4
Proof
The dissent Pending
offers a different Publication
view of (3). In its view, the
termination, extension, modifcation, and revocation of supervised release
are all different "kinds of " sentences. Post, at 214 (opinion of Alito, J.).
The Government never makes this argument -- and for good reason. To
begin, it is textually implausible. As the statute articulates, there are
three "kinds of sentences available" for an individual "found guilty of an
offense": "a term of probation," "a fne," and "a term of imprisonment."
(1) -- (3); (3). In fact, a term of supervised release is not
itself a "sentence" at all; it is a component of a defendant's prison sentence.
See ("The court, in imposing a sentence to a term of imprison-
ment..., may include as a part of the sentence a requirement that the
defendant be placed on a term of supervised release after imprisonment"
). Thus, to the extent the dissent thinks that the termi-
nation, extension, modifcation, and revocation of supervised release are
different "kinds of sentences available" to the court, it is mistaken.
(3).
The dissent's interpretation is perplexing for another reason too: It
treats Congress's omission of (3) from the set of factors that gov-
ern revocation proceedings as nothing more than an inexplicable drafting
error; under its view, not only may district courts consider (3),
they must do so. See post, at 214 (a judge "must consider exactly what
is set out in (3)"). Silence is an unusual way to convey such an
instruction.
194 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the "offense" is the underlying crime of conviction, not the
violation of the supervised-release conditions. The opening
provision of Title 18's sentencing chapter clearly uses "of-
fense" to refer to a criminal conviction. See (stat-
ing that the sentencing provisions apply to "a defendant who
has been found guilty of an offense described in any Federal
statute"). Yet conduct that constitutes a violation of super-
vised release "need not be criminal." Johnson, 529 U. S.,
at 700; see, e. g., (3) (mandating revocation when a
defendant fails to comply with drug testing imposed as a
condition of release). Furthermore, neighboring provisions
in consistently use the word "offense" to refer to the
defendant's original crime of conviction, while using the
word "violation" to refer to the conduct that triggers revoca-
tion. Compare (3) (referencing the "offense that
resulted in the term of supervised release"); ("the
offense that resulted in the original term of supervised re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lease"), with (referencing a "violation of a condition
of supervised release"); (same).5
So the question is this: In determining whether to revoke
a defendant's term of supervised release (per ), may
a district court account for the need to exact retribution for

5
Because (2)(A) speaks only to the "offense," and "offense" here
can mean only the underlying criminal conviction, we address only
whether precludes the court from considering retribution for the
underlying criminal conviction. "Offense" aside, the Government argues
that (4)(B) and (5) authorize courts to consider policy
statements issued by the Sentencing Commission that sound in retribution
for the violation of the conditions of the supervised release. See Brief
for United States 11, 34; (requiring courts to consider (4)
and (5)). The Commission has adopted the view that "the sen-
tence imposed upon revocation [is] intended to sanction the violator for
failing to abide by the conditions of the court-ordered supervision."
United States Sentencing Commission, Guidelines Manual ch. 7, pt. A,
intro. 3(b) (Nov. 2024); see also ibid. (in revocation proceedings, a court
may "sanction" an offender's "breach of trust"). We take no position on
whether this is a permissible consideration.
 Cite as: (2025) 195

Opinion of the Court

the defendant's underlying crime (per (2)(A))? Es-
teras says no; the Government says yes.

III
A
We agree with Esteras: District courts cannot consider
(2)(A) when revoking supervised release. This con-
clusion follows directly from the application of a well estab-
lished canon of statutory interpretation: "expressio unius est
exclusio alterius" -- in plain English, " `expressing one item
of [an] associated group or series excludes another left un-
mentioned.' " Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Echazabal, (2002) ; alteration in original). Here, lays out 10
factors that inform a district court's sentencing decision.6
Section 3583(e) provides that a district court may revoke a

Page Proof Pending Publication
term of supervised release "after considering" 8 of these 10
factors. The natural implication is that Congress did not
intend for courts to consider the other two factors, (2)
(A) and (3). Indeed, the expressio unius canon has
particular force here because the sentencing factors
constitute an "established series," such that any "omission"
from that series necessarily "bespeaks a negative impli-
cation." Chevron U. S. A. Inc., 536 U. S., at 81. And the fact
that Congress included almost the entire list makes the ex-
clusion of (2)(A) and (3) all the more glaring.
The statutory structure confrms this negative inference.
Neighboring provisions that govern the imposition and revo-
cation of sentences other than supervised release instruct
the court to consider all the factors in. For in-
stance, when imposing a term of probation, the court "shall
consider the factors set forth in [§] 3553(a) to the extent that
6
For those counting: the six factors enumerated in (1), (3), (4),
(5), (6), and (7), plus the four factors separately enumerated in
(2)(A) -- (D).
196 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

they are applicable.". And the court may revoke
such a term "after considering the factors set forth in section
3553(a)." ; see also (same for imposition of
term of imprisonment); (same for imposition of a
fne). So for supervised release -- and for supervised release
only -- Congress omitted (2)(A). This, we think, is a
distinction with a difference. After all, our task is to "give
effect to, not nullify Congress' choice to include" that factor
"in some provisions but not others." Gallardo v. Marstiller,
(2022).
Congress's decision to exclude retribution from the calcu-
lus also comports with the role of supervised release in our
current criminal justice scheme. Fines, probation, and im-
prisonment are a court's primary tools for ensuring that a
criminal defendant receives just deserts for the original of-
fense. Supervised release, by contrast, "is not a punishment
in lieu of incarceration." United States v. Granderson, 511

Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S. 39, 50 (1994). Rather, it "fulflls rehabilitative ends"
and "provides individuals with postconfnement assistance."
United States v. Johnson, -- 60 (2000). So
when a defendant violates the conditions of his supervised
release, it makes sense that a court must consider the
forward-looking ends of sentencing (deterrence, incapacita-
tion, and rehabilitation), but may not consider the backward-
looking purpose of retribution.
Finally, our conclusion is consistent with this Court's prec-
edent. We have twice interpreted the omission of 
(2)(A) from the provision governing the imposition of super-
vised release to mean that district courts may not
consider that factor when imposing supervised release. In
Tapia, we stated that, "when imposing a term of supervised
release," "a court may not take account of retribution (the
frst purpose listed in (2))." 564 U. S., at 326.7 So
7
The dissent suggests that when we said that " `a court may not take
account of retribution,' " we may have actually meant that "a judge, as a
matter of discretion, may choose not to take retribution into account."
 Cite as: (2025) 197

Opinion of the Court

too, in Concepcion v. United States, we remarked that "in
determining whether to include a term of supervised release,
and the length of any such term, Congress has expressly pre-
cluded district courts from considering the need for retribu-
tion." (2022). Although Tapia and Con-
cepcion both deal with the imposition of supervised release
under, the same reasoning applies to the revocation
of supervised release under : The omission of
(2)(A) from the list of factors means that courts may
not consider it.
Text, structure, and precedent all point in the same di-
rection: Congress's decision to exclude (2)(A) from
's list of sentencing factors means that district courts
cannot consider (2)(A) when deciding whether to re-
voke supervised release.
B

Page ProofFirst,Pending Publication
We are unpersuaded by the Government's and the dissent's
counterarguments. the Government and the dissent
read the exclusion of (2)(A) as supporting a different
inference -- namely, that a district court must consider the
enumerated factors but need not consider the unenumerated
ones, such as (2)(A). Because "sentencing judges
`enjo[y] discretion in the sort of information they may con-
sider,' " the Government argues, Congress would have used
more explicit language had it wanted to foreclose courts from
considering retribution when revoking supervised release.
Concepcion, 597 U. S., at 491 ; alteration in original). For example,
Congress could have said that courts may revoke supervised
release "after considering only" the enumerated factors.
Brief for United States 23; see also post, at 210 -- 213 (Alito,
J., dissenting).

Post, at 220 -- 221. We leave it to the reader to judge whether this is a
plausible interpretation.
198 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

When interpretive disputes arise, it is easy to imagine how
Congress could have drafted the statute to avoid them. But
Congress cannot anticipate (much less account for) every fu-
ture statutory skirmish -- and even if it could, courts have no
authority to hold Congress to a "perfect as we see it" stand-
ard of drafting. On the contrary, we have "routinely con-
strued statutes to have a particular meaning" even when
"Congress could have expressed itself more clearly." Luna
Torres v. Lynch, (2016). What Congress
said here gets its point across just fne: The itemized list in
is exhaustive. As we explained, the provision
allows district courts to consider all but two of the 
factors, and because one is inapplicable in this context
((3)), (2)(A) is the only consequential omis-
sion. So it makes sense to read as supplying the
universe of factors that the district court can consider. And
while the Government is right that district courts generally
Page Proof Pending Publication
enjoy discretion over sentencing, see Brief for United States
21 -- 22, Congress chose to limit that discretion here.
It makes much less sense to read as the Govern-
ment does -- that is, as listing only the factors that a court
must consider, while leaving room for the court to consider
an additional factor if it so chooses. This reading of 
trivializes the omission of (2)(A). After all, on the
Government's view, a court may "consider" an enumerated
factor but give it no weight. Tr. of Oral Arg. 61. The dif-
ference between saying that a court must consider a given
factor (but may give it no weight) and saying that a court
may consider a given factor (if the court chooses) is negli-
gible. Why would Congress have bothered to exclude
(2)(A) from the list?
The dissent has no response to this point, so it instead
analogizes to different -- and inapposite -- contexts. For ex-
ample, the dissent says, suppose that a law clerk is directed
to complete a certain number of bench memos before a dead-
line; surely that instruction would not carry the inference
that the law clerk may not complete more work too. Post,
 Cite as: (2025) 199

Opinion of the Court

at 211 -- 212. But the important difference between that con-
text and this one is that sentencing considerations, unlike
bench memos, can be zero sum: Adding a new consideration
to the mix reduces the role that the enumerated considera-
tions play. In fact, the new consideration might lead to a
different result altogether.
A play on the dissent's own analogy reveals its weak-
nesses. Imagine that a judge tells her hypothetical law
clerk to prepare a bench memo with a recommendation
formed "after considering" statutory text, context, and
structure, as well as any relevant precedent. Having looked
at these sources, the law clerk is inclined to recommend that
the judge reverse the court below. But the law clerk de-
cides to look elsewhere -- say, to social science studies -- and
she uses these sources to inform her recommendation. In
the end, she submits a memo recommending that the judge
vote to affrm the lower court's decision. According to the
Page Proof Pending Publication
dissent, the law clerk has obeyed her boss's instructions.
Needless to say, we disagree.
More to the point, the dissent never explains why Con-
gress omitted (2)(A) from the list of considerations
applicable to a revocation proceeding. After all, in the dis-
sent's view, district courts will almost inevitably consider
that factor. See post, at 210, 214 -- 217, 219 -- 220,. So why
did Congress exclude it? In the dissent's view, the omission
is just hortatory: "Congress may have sought to encourage
sentencing courts to give greater weight to the remaining
purposes of sentencing." Post, at 219,.8 But omitting
consideration of (2)(A) altogether would be an odd

8
Alternatively, the dissent posits that Congress may have understood
each of the three (2)(A) factors to "apply in some, though not all,
hearings regarding the alteration of supervised release." Post, at 219,. Which hearings make the cut? Frankly, we are not sure. Some
parts of the dissent's lengthy footnote suggest all; others suggest none;
and still others suggest that it "depends on context." Ibid. In our view,
however, "[t]he Sentencing Reform Act does not place district judges in
such a predicament." Post, at 208.
200 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

way of accomplishing that very limited goal. And one need
not "live in a world of airy abstractions," post, at 208, to recog-
nize that Congress's drafting decisions have signifcance.
Next, the Government and the dissent argue that Ester-
as's reading of (2)(A) is unworkable, because consid-
eration of the other enumerated factors will necessarily
imply consideration of the retributive principles captured
by (2)(A). The Government relies primarily on
(1), which references "the nature and circumstances
of the offense." How, the Government asks, is a court to
consider the nature and circumstances of the offense without
also considering the "need for the sentence imposed" "to re-
fect the seriousness of the offense, to promote respect for
the law, and to provide just punishment for the offense"?
(2)(A).
The answer is straightforward. A court may consider the
nature and circumstances of the offense as relevant for the

Page Proof Pending Publication
considerations set forth in (2)(B), (C), and (D) -- 
namely, deterrence, incapacitation, and rehabilitation -- but a
court cannot consider the nature and circumstances of the
offense as relevant to (2)(A)'s retributive focus. For
instance, if the defendant's original offense was particularly
violent, that fact might inform the court's judgment as to
whether revocation is necessary "to protect the public from
further crimes of the defendant." (2)(C). But the
court could not revoke based on the view that, given the
violent nature of the underlying offense, the defendant de-
serves additional punishment.9
9
The dissent suggests that this will be an impossible task for district
courts. See post, at 208 (Courts must "engage in mind-bending exer-
cises"); post, at 216 (They must "probe their mental processes to ensure that
no thoughts of retribution entered in"); post, at 217 (We require a "soul-
searching obligation"). Not so. We routinely require judges and juries
to attend to some considerations while ignoring others. See, e. g., Samia
v. United States, (2023) ("Evidence at trial is often ad-
mitted for a limited purpose, accompanied by a limiting instruction," and
"our legal system presumes that jurors will ` "attend closely the particular
 Cite as: (2025) 201

Opinion of the Court

The dissent, for its part, argues that we are simply wrong
to understand (2)(A) as synonymous with retribu-
tion. Post, at 214 -- 217. Under the dissent's view, 
(2)(A) serves an extensive (if amorphous) role: The phrase
" `to promote respect for the law' " encompasses "the whole
point of deterrence," while the reference to the " `seriousness
of the offense' " invokes the "heightened need for deterrence
and incapacitation." Post, at 215 -- 216. But this approach
renders (2)(A) largely duplicative of the clear refer-
ences to deterrence, incapacitation, and rehabilitation that
follow in (2)(B), (C), and (D). Recall, too, that there
are four traditional purposes of sentencing. Given that
(2)(B), (C), and(D) set forth three of these purposes,
it is no wonder that (2)(A) provides the fourth. Not
to mention that the provision speaks in retributive terms:
the "seriousness of the offense," the need "to promote re-
spect for the law," and, in particular, the need "to provide
Page Proof Pending Publication
just punishment for the offense." (2)(A). In any
event, we say nothing about the meaning of (2)(A)
today that we have not already said before. See Tapia, 564
U. S., at 326 ("retribution" is "the frst purpose listed in
(2)"); Concepcion, 597 U. S., at 494.
Finally, the Government suggests that, which
mandates revocation in certain circumstances, undermines
Esteras's interpretation of the statute. Section 3583(g) does
not specify which factors apply when a court determines the
length of the defendant's postrevocation term of imprison-
ment.10 So, the Government reasons, reimprisonment under
must be subject to the general rule for prison sen-

language of [such] instructions in a criminal case and strive to understand,
make sense of, and follow" ' them" ).
10
Section 3583(g) states that, if the defendant violates certain conditions
of supervised release, "the court shall revoke the term of supervised re-
lease and require the defendant to serve a term of imprisonment not to
exceed the maximum term of imprisonment authorized under subsection
(e)(3)." (Emphasis added.)
202 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

tences articulated in, and that provision directs
courts to the full list of factors. It would be anom-
alous, the Government says, if a district court could consider
retribution as part of a mandatory revocation under
but not as part of a discretionary revocation under
(3). Esteras, for his part, argues for consistency in
the other direction: He argues that 's abbreviated
list governs in both contexts.
We need not resolve the dispute because it does not affect
our analysis. To begin, the Government's reading of
does not solve the problem that the Government
has identifed. As the Government sees it, if revocation is
discretionary and thus governed by, the court may
consider (2)(A), but if revocation is mandatory and
thus governed by, the court must consider 
(2)(A). So while the Government says that it would be
"highly anomalous to have different regimes for determining

Page Proof Pending Publication
the length of prison terms under Sections 3583(e)(3) and
3583(g)," that anomaly persists under the Government's own
reading of the statute. Brief for United States 26. In any
event, that might operate differently from 
is not reason to disregard 's plain meaning.

IV
At oral argument, the Government expressed concern that
it would be diffcult for appellate courts to determine
whether a district court has impermissibly relied on 
(2)(A). See Tr. of Oral Arg. 49 -- 50. So we conclude with a
few observations about appellate review.
Much will turn on whether the defendant objects. If the
defendant does not make the district court aware that it may
be impermissibly relying on (2)(A), then the defend-
ant's appeal will be governed by plain-error review. See
Fed. Rule Crim. Proc. 52(b). In that event, the district
court's order revoking supervised release and requiring re-
 Cite as: (2025) 203

Opinion of the Court

imprisonment will be affrmed unless it is " `clear' " or " `obvi-
ous' " that the district court actually relied on 
(2)(A) -- because it did so either expressly or by unmistakable
implication. United States v. Olano, 
(1993).
If the defendant does object to the district court's reliance
on (2)(A), we anticipate that the district court will
recognize its potential error and clarify its revocation deci-
sion to make clear that it is not taking account of 
(2)(A). For example, the district court could withdraw any
impermissible justifcation or explain that a stray reference
to a (2)(A) factor was intended to bear on another
factor or merely prefatory. If the court nonethe-
less considers the need to exact retribution for the defend-
ant's original criminal offense, and if the error was not harm-
less, then the court of appeals should vacate the court's order
and remand for the court to apply the correct standard. See

Page Proof Pending Publication
Fed. Rule Crim. Proc. 52(a).
This does not mean, as the Government suggests, that our
reading of amounts to a "substance-free reverse
magic-words requirement." Brief for United States 37.
The Government confates the proper interpretation of
with an appellate court's ability to enforce that in-
terpretation. The "requirement" here is very much sub-
stantive: District courts may not consider the retributive
purpose of (2)(A) before revoking supervised re-
lease. We trust that district courts will heed that instruc-
tion regardless of the practical likelihood of reversal.11
11
The dissent takes a curious tack here. It suggests that we lack the
courage of our convictions because we explain that defendants bear the
burden of preserving objections, that district courts will generally comply
with the law once an objection is raised, and that plain-error review ap-
plies to unpreserved claims. See post, at 224 -- 225. But there is nothing
"remarkable" about our explanation, which simply articulates orthodox
principles of party presentation and appellate review. Post, at 224. And
it is surprising that the dissent opens its discussion by suggesting that we
204 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Sotomayor, J.

* * *
District courts may revoke a term of supervised release
after considering the factors enumerated in. Be-
cause (2)(A) is excluded from that list, district courts
may not consider it. The judgments of the Sixth Circuit are
vacated, and the cases are remanded for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
Justice Sotomayor, with whom Justice Jackson joins,
concurring in part and concurring in the judgment.
I join all but Part II -- B of the Court's opinion. I agree
that district courts may not rely on the retributive sentenc-
ing factor set forth in 18 U. S. C. (2)(A) to revoke
supervised release. In my view, however, district courts re-
voking a term of supervised release should not consider ret-
ribution for any purpose.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The question in these cases is whether, despite Congress's
omission in the supervised-release statute of any reference
to retribution, courts may consider retribution when they
decide whether to revoke a term of supervised release. The
answer is no. In specifying the factors courts should con-
sider before revoking a term of supervised release, Congress
cross-referenced eight out of the ten familiar fac-
tors, including three of the four purposes of sentencing: de-
terrence, incapacitation, and rehabilitation. "Conspicuously
missing" from the supervised-release statute, however, "is
(2)(A)," which describes the retributive purpose of
punishment. Ante, at 188. The straightforward inference,
as we have said twice before, is that "Congress has expressly
precluded district courts from considering the need for retri-
bution" in supervised release proceedings. Concepcion v.
United States, (2022); see also Tapia v.
are insuffciently attuned to "the practical effec[t] of [our] holdin[g]," post,
at 208, yet closes by complaining that we are overly sensitive to its conse-
quences, post, at 224 -- 225.
 Cite as: (2025) 205

Opinion of Sotomayor, J.

United States, (2011). That resolves these
cases.
The majority approaches the question differently. "In the
context of a revocation hearing," it reasons, the word " `of-
fense' " in (2)(A) refers to "the underlying crime of
conviction, not the violation of the supervised-release condi-
tions." Ante, at 193 -- 194. So (the majority continues) by
excluding (2)(A) from the supervised-release stat-
ute, Congress precluded courts from accounting "for the need
to exact retribution for the defendant's underlying crime."
Ante, at 194 -- 195.
The problem with that framing is that it relies on an inter-
pretive question with no clear answer. The term "offense"
in (2)(A) has no meaning "[i]n the context of a revo-
cation hearing," because the supervised-release statute con-
tains no reference to (2)(A) or its directive to "pro-
vide just punishment for the offense." Cf. ante, at 193 -- 194.
Page Proof Pending Publication
At most, then, the majority could ask what Congress would
have meant by "offense" if it had included a reference to
(2)(A) in this statute. Yet such speculation is un-
necessary to resolve these cases. Congress studiously omit-
ted all reference to retribution from the supervised-release
statute, so retribution should play no role in revocation
hearings.
Because the majority frames the question as one about
retribution for the original offense, it never decides whether
the supervised-release statute precludes courts from exact-
ing retribution for the defendant's supervised-release viola-
tion. Yet the answer to that question is straightforward.
As the Court holds today, the supervised-release statute
does not permit consideration of (2)(A). That
means courts may consider only the remaining eight enumer-
ated factors, none of which contain any reference to retribu-
tion. See. As the majority recognizes, moreover,
the retributive interest in punishment is ill suited to
supervised-release proceedings. Supervised release " `ful-
206 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Jackson, J.

flls rehabilitative ends' and `provides individuals with post-
confnement assistance.' " Ante, at 196 ); see also S. Rep.
No. 98 -- 225, p. 124 (1983) (Senate Report noting that "the
primary goal" of supervised release "is to ease the defend-
ant's transition into the community... or to provide rehabili-
tation"). Thus, "when a defendant violates the conditions of
his supervised release, it makes sense that a court must con-
sider the forward-looking ends of sentencing (deterrence, in-
capacitation, and rehabilitation), but may not consider the
backward-looking purpose of retribution." Ante, at 196.
In sum, when a court considers whether a supervised-
release violation warrants revocation and reimprisonment
(its primary task during revocation hearings), it must look
only to the forward-looking ends mentioned in the statute.
As to either a supervised-release violation or the underlying
offense, the backward-looking end of retribution is out of
Page Proof Pending Publication
bounds. Although I would have made this point explicit,
nothing in the Court's opinion is inconsistent with it. Ac-
cordingly, I otherwise join the Court's opinion.

Justice Jackson, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
The question presented in this litigation is whether sen-
tencing courts can reference and rely upon the retributive
concerns outlined in 18 U. S. C. (2)(A) when revoking
a previously imposed term of supervised release. "Esteras
argues that district courts cannot consider the retributive
purpose articulated in (2)(A) when revoking super-
vised release," while "[t]he Government insists that courts
can consider it, although they are not required to do so."
Ante, at 193. Like the Court, I agree with Esteras: Courts
cannot consider this omitted sentencing purpose when revok-
ing supervised release.
That answer is straightforward and responsive. But the
majority goes further, appearing to opine as to the precise
 Cite as: (2025) 207

Opinion of Jackson, J.

contours of the retributive concerns that Congress has taken
off the table. Ante, at 193 -- 195. Venturing into this terri-
tory is not necessary in the context of this litigation. As
Justice Sotomayor explains, whatever (2)(A) calls
for when Congress has authorized its use, all that the Court
properly decides today is that Congress has forbidden sen-
tencing judges to rely on that same set of considerations in
the supervised-release-revocation context.
I disagree with the Court's discussion of the scope of "of-
fense" in (2)A) as it relates to because, in
my view, that part of the opinion confuses more than it clari-
fes. As sentencing judges know, revocation of supervised
release occurs in response to new -- often criminal -- conduct.
It is entirely conceivable, and perhaps even likely, that when
Congress removed from the list of permissible revocation
considerations (2)(A)'s "need for the sentence im-
posed" to exact retribution, it sought to prevent the promo-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion of retribution with respect to whatever new offense trig-
gered the call for revocation of supervised release. At the
very least, that possibility counsels against defnitively as-
serting that (2)(A)'s conspicuous omission only
speaks to whether a district court can "account for the need
to exact retribution for the defendant's underlying crime."
Ante, at 194 -- 195.
In any event, because requires district courts to
impose sentences that are "suffcient, but not greater than
necessary" to promote certain purposes of punishment, the
kind of hairsplitting that the majority's opinion invites is
entirely impractical. Sentences either "refect," "afford,"
or "provide" for the listed purposes of punishment (retribu-
tion, deterrence, incapacitation, rehabilitation) or they don't.
(2). It is hard to fathom that Congress meant for
retribution to be both operable and inoperable as it relates
to the imposition of a single revocation sanction, and it is
even harder to imagine how a sentencing court can effec-
tively achieve that binary objective.
208 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

Part II -- B of the majority's opinion is both unnecessary to
the outcome of this litigation and inscrutable in light of how
revocation sentences are actually determined and imposed.
Therefore, I cannot join that Part of the opinion.
Justice Alito, with whom Justice Gorsuch joins,
dissenting.
Veteran trial judges often complain that their appellate
colleagues live in a world of airy abstractions and do not
give enough thought to the practical effects of their holdings.
Today's decision is likely to earn the rank of Exhibit A in
the trial bench's catalog of appellate otherworldliness. The
Court interprets the Sentencing Reform Act to mean that
a federal district-court judge, when considering whether to
impose or alter a term of supervised release, must engage in
mind-bending exercises. The judge must take into account
"the nature and circumstances" of a defendant's offense but

Page Proof Pending Publication
is forbidden to consider "the seriousness of the offense." 18
U. S. C.. The judge must consider what is needed
to "dete[r]" violations of the law or to rehabilitate a defend-
ant, i. e., to cause him to lead a law-abiding life, but cannot
be infuenced by a desire "to promote respect for the law."
Ibid.
The Sentencing Reform Act does not place district judges
in such a predicament. Neither the statutory text, the in-
terpretive canon on which the Court relies, nor the structure
of the Act supports the Court's interpretation.

I
A
In order to understand these cases and the points on which
the majority and I disagree, some background information
about federal sentencing is required. When a defendant is
"found guilty of an offense," he may be sentenced to "a term
of probation," "a fne," or "a term of imprisonment.". And in crafting a sentence, the court is required
 Cite as: (2025) 209

Alito, J., dissenting

to consider the 10 factors that are set out in. (For
convenience, I will call these the sentencing factors.)
If a sentencing court imposes a term of imprisonment, the
court generally has discretion to include "as a part of the
sentence" a term of supervised release..1 "Super-
vised release is `a form of postconfnement monitoring' that
permits a defendant a kind of conditional liberty by allowing
him to serve part of his sentence outside of prison." Mont
v. United States, (2019) ). In deciding
whether to impose and in devising a term of supervised re-
lease, a judge is required to consider 8 of the 10 sentencing
factors noted above, specifically, (1), (a)(2)(B),
(a)(2)(C), (a)(2)(D), (a)(4), (a)(5), (a)(6), and (a)(7). (For con-
venience, I will call these the supervised-release factors.)
During a term of supervised release, a defendant must
comply with certain standard conditions, such as reporting

Page Proof Pending Publication
to a probation offcer, as well as any special conditions that
are "tailored specifcally" to "the individual case." Adminis-
trative Offce of the U. S. Courts, Overview of Probation and
Supervised Release Conditions 8 (2024). If a defendant fails
to comply with these conditions, revocation of supervised re-
lease is sometimes mandatory, see, e. g., but in most
cases, the court has discretion to choose the appropriate re-
sponse. For example, it may "extend" supervised release
"if less than the maximum authorized term was previously
imposed"; "modify, reduce, or enlarge the conditions of super-
vised release"; or, more seriously, "revoke" supervised re-
lease and "require the defendant to serve in prison all or
part of the term of supervised release authorized by statute
for the offense that resulted in such term of supervised re-
lease." (2), (3). In deciding whether to alter a
term of supervised release, the court is required to consider
1
In some cases, the imposition of supervised release is mandatory. See,
e. g., 18 U. S. C. (kidnapping offenses); (terrorism of-
fenses); 21 U. S. C., 960(b) (drug-traffcking offenses).
210 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

the same eight factors that had to be taken into account in
imposing the term of supervised release in the frst place.
In these cases, the lead petitioner, Edgardo Esteras, vio-
lated a term of his supervised release by assaulting the
mother of his children and shooting at her vehicle. The sen-
tencing judge revoked supervised release and, in doing so,
referred to Esteras's criminal history and the need to "en-
courage [him] to be respectful of the law." App. 96a. Cit-
ing these remarks, Esteras contends that the judge based
her decision on an impermissible factor, namely, a desire to
"promote respect for the law." This factor, which appears
in (2)(A), is one of the two sentencing factors omit-
ted from the list of supervised-release factors. Esteras
argues, and the Court now agrees, that the omission of
(2)(A) from the list of supervised-release factors
means that it cannot be considered. In other words, the
judge in Esteras's case was obligated to put out of her mind

Page Proof Pending Publication
any desire "to promote respect for the law." Before today,
one might have thought that every aspect of a federal judge's
work should aim to "promote respect for the law." Appar-
ently, that is no longer true.

B
The question in these cases is what to make of the omission
of (2)(A) from the list of supervised-release factors.
The Court infers that consideration of this factor is forbid-
den, and, in so doing, relies almost entirely on a canon of
interpretation that bears the Latin name expressio unius est
exclusio alterius. In English, that means "[t]he expression
of one thing implies the exclusion of others." A. Scalia &
B. Garner, Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts
107 (2012) (Scalia & Garner). To modify a classic example
slightly, suppose a sign at the entrance of a park said: "No
gasoline- or electric-powered vehicles allowed." Under the
expressio unius canon, it would be fair to infer that standard
bikes are permitted. See H. Hart, Positivism and the Sepa-
ration of Law and Morals, 71 Harv. L. Rev. 593, 607 (1958).
 Cite as: (2025) 211

Alito, J., dissenting

Although this canon has its place, Reading Law empha-
sizes that it "must be applied with great caution, since its
application depends so much on context." Scalia & Garner
107. Our cases have made the same point and have often
rejected use of the canon because of the context in which the
expression appeared. See, e. g., NLRB v. SW General, Inc.,
(2017) ("The expressio unius canon applies
only when circumstances support a sensible inference that
the term left out must have been meant to be excluded" (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted)); Barnhart v. Peabody Coal
Co., (2003) ("[T]he canon expressio unius
est exclusio alterius does not apply to every statutory listing
or grouping"). Reading Law also contains this important
warning: "Even when an all-inclusive sense seems apparent,
one must still identify the scope of the inclusiveness (thereby
limiting [the] implied exclusion)." Scalia & Garner 108 (em-
phasis added).
Page Proof Pending Publication
In these cases, I agree with the Court that the omission
of two of the sentencing factors from the list of supervised
release factors gives rise to a negative inference, but I dis-
agree with the Court about the nature of that inference.
The most likely -- and in my view, the appropriate -- inference
is simply that, the provision listing the supervised-
release factors, sets out an exclusive list of mandatory fac-
tors. That is "the scope of the inclusiveness." The Court,
however, goes further and infers not just that there are no
other mandatory factors but that there are no other permis-
sible factors. That aggressive application of the expressio
unius canon goes too far. While the inference produced by
that canon is always dependent on context, the enumeration
of things that must be done generally does not suggest that
no other things may be done.
Consider this example. Suppose I tell my law clerks on a
Monday that by the end of the week they must complete the
bench memos in 6 of the 12 cases scheduled for argument
during the next sitting. That statement would strongly
imply that completion of other bench memos by the end of
212 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

the week is not mandatory. But the statement would not
suggest that fnishing other bench memos is forbidden.
Many other similar examples could be provided.
To salvage its far-reaching inference, the Court offers its
own variation on the law-clerk hypothetical. In the Court's
hypothetical, a judge tells a clerk "to prepare a bench memo
with a recommendation formed `after considering' statutory
text, context, and structure, as well as any relevant prece-
dent." Ante, at 199. As the Court sees it, if the law clerk
also reviews secondary sources "to inform her recommenda-
tion," the law clerk did not "obe[y] her boss's instructions."
Ibid.
But nothing about the Court's hypothetical suggests the
law clerk must exclusively consider those four factors.
Would the clerk necessarily infer from the judge's instruction
that nothing else could be considered? I doubt it. And if
the clerk knows that the judge thinks that other factors, such
Page Proof Pending Publication
as statutory purpose or legislative history, are relevant con-
siderations, the inference is unlikely.
For this reason, the Court's use of the expressio unius
canon exceeds its customary and proper use, and the Court
provides no good reason for its aggressive use of that inter-
pretive tool. The Court fnds it signifcant that Congress
included in the list of supervised-release factors "almost the
entire list" of sentencing factors but left out (2)(A).
Ante, at 195. According to the Court, this makes "all the
more glaring" Congress's intention that sentencing courts
should not consider (2)(A) when modifying a term of
supervised release. Ibid.
This is illogical. When a provision sets out a rule and
lists items to which the rule applies, the length of the list
may bolster the strength of the inference that the list is ex-
haustive, but it does not alter the scope of the rule. Suppose
I tell friends who are visiting Washington, D. C., for the frst
time that they must visit a list of enumerated sites. If the
list is long, they might infer that I do not think that there are
 Cite as: (2025) 213

Alito, J., dissenting

any other sites that they should necessarily try to squeeze
in. But it is doubtful that they would infer that I am sug-
gesting that they should necessarily avoid seeing anything
else that might catch their interest.
In short, the expressio unius canon is insuffcient to sup-
port the Court's interpretation.

II
The Court's interpretation is also inconsistent with the
text and structure of the Sentencing Reform Act.

A
Starting with the text, I note three features that counsel
against acceptance of the Court's interpretation.
First, the relevant provisions of the Sentencing Reform
Act lack language like that included in other provisions of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Act that limit a court's consideration of specifed factors.
For example, -- the provision that directly precedes
the provision setting out the mandatory supervised-release
factors in -- expressly states that a judge's decision
whether to impose a term of imprisonment may not be based
on a desire to "promot[e] correction and rehabilitation."
When "Congress includes particular language in one section
of a statute but omits it in another section of the same Act,
it is generally presumed that Congress acts intentionally and
purposely in the disparate inclusion or exclusion." Russello
v. United States, (1983). Or take, which (as amended in
1988) contains an implicit prohibition on consideration of the
sentencing factors. See 102 Stat. 4361. That provision
mandates revocation of probation if certain conditions are
met, and Congress apparently gave courts no discretion to
even consider the sentencing factors. As a result, the ab-
sence of any even remotely similar language in is
telling.
214 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

Second, we can infer that the Sentencing Reform Act
allows a judge to consider all the sentencing factors because
there are some situations in which factors omitted from the
list of supervised-release factors must be considered. One
such situation occurs when a judge decides how to respond
to a defendant's violation of the terms of supervised release
because in that situation the judge must consider exactly
what is set out in (3), which is one of the sentencing
factors omitted from the list of supervised-release factors.
That provision refers to "the kinds of sentences available,"
and when a judge is deciding what to do about a defendant
who has violated the terms of supervised release, the judge
must consider the available options, which include termi-
nation, extension, modifcation, and revocation..
Because a term of supervised release is "part of a sentence,"
each one of these options changes the defendant's sentence.
And therefore, this list of options constitutes a list of "the
Page Proof Pending Publication
kinds of sentences available." 2
Consideration of "the kinds of sentences available" may be
required during a revocation proceeding for yet another
reason. When a sentencing court revokes a term of super-
vised release and sends the defendant back to prison, the
maximum period of additional confnement authorized de-
pends on the class of the underlying offense. See (3).
So a sentencing court determining the permissible range of
reimprisonment will necessarily consider the "kinds of sen-
tences" authorized under the statute of conviction.
Third, and most important, the Court's interpretation can-
not account for the inextricable relationship between the

2
The Court argues that these options are not "kinds of sentences" be-
cause the Sentencing Reform Act recognizes only three types of sentences:
probation, fnes, and imprisonment. See ante, at 193,. According to
the Court, supervised release is not a " `kin[d] of sentenc[e]' " but is instead
merely "a component of a defendant's prison sentence." Ibid. But the
Sentencing Reform Act never says that there are only three "kinds" of
sentences. See.
 Cite as: (2025) 215

Alito, J., dissenting

omitted sentencing factor at issue in these cases, i. e.,
(2)(A), and the sentencing factors that a judge must
consider in deciding whether to alter a term of supervised
release. Recall that (2)(A) requires, among other
things, consideration of "the seriousness of the offense," and
according to the Court, taking that factor into account is pro-
hibited. But it is undisputed that a judge must consider
"the nature and circumstances of the offense" when altering
a term of supervised release. (1), 3583(e). Since
"the seriousness of the offense" is part of "the nature of the
offense," the Court's interpretation gives district judges ir-
reconcilable instructions.
Another part of (2)(A) creates a similar problem
for the Court. Section 3553(a)(2)(A) refers to "the need...
to promote respect for the law," and because that provision
is omitted from the supervised-release factors, the Court
holds that consideration of this factor is not allowed either.
Page Proof Pending Publication
But the Sentencing Reform Act demands consideration of
factors that are hard to separate from "promot[ing] respect
for the law." In deciding whether to alter a term of super-
vised release, a judge must consider "the need... to afford
adequate deterrence to criminal conduct," (2)(B),
and the whole point of deterrence is to encourage respect for
and compliance with the law.
The Court struggles in vain to explain away this clash be-
tween what its interpretation forbids and what the Sentenc-
ing Reform Act demands. It entirely ignores the relation-
ship between "afford[ing] adequate deterrence" (a
mandatory consideration) and "promot[ing] respect for the
law" (outlawed under its interpretation). And as for the
confict between requiring consideration of the "nature and
circumstances of the offense" and banning consideration of
"the seriousness of the offense," the Court's response is an
elaborate theory that has no grounding in the statutory text.
The Court begins by claiming that (2)(A) relates
solely to retribution and not to any of the other three permit-
216 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

ted goals of punishment -- deterrence, incapacitation, and
rehabilitation. See ante, at 200. But that is simply
not true with respect to two of the objectives to which
(2)(A) refers, i. e., the need for a sentence to refect
"the seriousness of the offense" and "to promote respect for
the law." These two factors implicate other purposes of
punishment too. For example, if the offense in question is
very serious, there is a heightened need for deterrence and
incapacitation, and rehabilitation may be harder. So the
Court's theory veers off course at the start.
After that fawed beginning, the Court tells us that the
supervised-release factors operate as a kind of purpose flter.
Section 3553(a)(2) enumerates four factors that, in the
Court's view, refect the four recognized purposes of punish-
ment. The Court tells us that the "nature and circum-
stances of the offense" must be considered in light of one
of those four purposes. See ante, at 200; accord, Brief for

Page Proof Pending Publication
Petitioners 34 -- 35. The supervised-release factors, however,
include only three of those four purposes and exclude the
goal of retribution supposedly encapsulated in 
(2)(A). So, in the Court's view, the supervised-release stat-
ute flters out (2)(A) and thereby prohibits a court
from any consideration of the "nature and circumstances of
the offense" in light of (2)(A)'s supposedly "retribu-
tive focus" and concern with the "seriousness of the offense."
Ante, at 200.
None of this has any textual support, and it does not solve
the problem faced by a judge who is compelled to consider
the nature and circumstances of an offense but forbidden to
consider its seriousness. If taken seriously, it does not alter
in any way the information that judges may consider. In-
stead, it merely calls on them to probe their mental processes
to ensure that no thoughts of retribution entered in.3 Im-
3
Here is an example. Suppose a defendant's offense of conviction was
interstate travel in violation of a protective order prohibiting threats, har-
assment, or contact with his former wife. See 18 U. S. C.. And
 Cite as: (2025) 217

Alito, J., dissenting

posing such a soul-searching obligation as a requirement that
may be enforced in litigation is utterly impractical.

B
No more is needed to reject the Court's interpretation, but
I note for good measure that the structure of the Sentencing
Reform Act also weighs against the Court's interpretation.
The Act gives express instructions about the way in which
the sentencing factors apply to decisions regarding the impo-
sition of each of the Act's three primary penalties (i. e., im-
prisonment, probation, fnes). These instructions fall into
one of two categories. Instructions in the frst category
either mandate consideration of all the sentencing factors4 or
require their consideration to the extent they are relevant to

suppose that the trial evidence showed the defendant engaged in conduct

Page Proof Pending Publication
that caused his former wife very severe emotional distress. After serv-
ing his sentence, the defendant is given supervised release but quickly
violates a condition of release by resuming the very conduct that landed
him in prison in the frst place. The judge must decide what to do.
Heeding the requirement to consider "the nature and circumstances of the
offense," the judge calls to mind the trial evidence. Then, as required by
the Sentencing Reform Act, the judge considers whether this information
suggests that reimprisonment is needed either to "afford adequate deter-
rence," (2)(B) (i. e., to cause the defendant to leave his former wife
alone), or to "protect the public from further crimes of the defendant,"
(2)(C) (i. e., to keep the defendant's former wife safe during the
period of reimprisonment).
The effect of the Court's fltering scheme is to complicate the judge's
consideration of all these matters by demanding that he search his con-
science and ask: "Have I let any thought of retribution enter into my
thinking? I am inclined to send the defendant back to prison for x
months, and I think I'm doing that to achieve deterrence and incapacita-
tion. But was I somehow infuenced by moral disapproval of the defend-
ant's conduct and the feeling that at least part of the x additional months
is simply what he deserves?"
4
See (requiring the consideration of all sentencing factors in
imposing fnes); (same for the decision whether to run sentences
concurrently or consecutively).
218 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

the type of sentence in question.5 By contrast, instructions
in the second category expressly prohibit consideration of
specifc sentencing factors.6
What is remarkable about, which lists the manda-
tory supervised-release factors, is that it does not fall into
either of these categories. It neither demands consideration
of all relevant sentencing factors nor prohibits consideration
of some or all of them. Instead, it requires consideration of
some of the mandatory sentencing factors but says nothing
about the rest. The appropriate inference is that 
is meant to have a different effect: namely, to give sentencing
courts discretion to consider the omitted factors.
Such discretion is consistent with the Sentencing Reform
Act's general approach to supervised release, which confers
broad discretion on trial judges. In most cases, sentencing
courts "may include" a term of supervised release "as a part"
of "a sentence to a term of imprisonment,", and
Page
5
Proof Pending Publication
See (requiring the consideration of all sentencing factors "to
the extent that they are applicable" in imposing an initial term of proba-
tion); (same for early termination of probation); (same
for the revocation of probation).
6
Section 3582(a) prohibits consideration of rehabilitation in deciding on
a sentence of imprisonment. See Tapia v. United States, (2011). Similarly, in, Congress confned the discretion of sen-
tencing courts to a particular subset of the factors. Under that
provision, sentencing courts may set conditions of probation "to the extent
that such conditions are reasonably related to the factors set forth in sec-
tion 3553(a)(1) and (a)(2) and to the extent that such conditions involve
only such deprivations of liberty or property as are reasonably necessary
for the purposes indicated in section 3553(a)(2)." Congress's use of limit-
ing language ("to the extent that" and "as are reasonably necessary")
makes its restrictive intent clear. Another provision of the Act appears
to go even further by removing a sentencing court's discretion to consider
the factors at all. Section 3565(b) provides that a sentencing
court "shall revoke [a] sentence of probation" if the defendant possesses
controlled substances or frearms, refuses to comply with drug testing, or
fails a drug test more than three times over the course of a year. No
mention of the factors is made.
 Cite as: (2025) 219

Alito, J., dissenting

"may" terminate, extend, or revoke supervised release,.
This grant of discretion tracks the background principles
against which the Act was drafted, namely, "the established
tradition of district courts' sentencing discretion." Concep-
cion v. United States, (2022). As we re-
cently noted, "[t]he only limitations on a court's discretion to
consider any relevant materials at an initial sentencing or in
modifying that sentence are those set forth by Congress in
a statute or by the Constitution." Id., at 494; see.
"Congress is not shy about placing such limits" on sentencing
discretion, id., at 494, and its failure to do so in 
permits the inference that sentencing courts retain discre-
tion to consider "any relevant materials," including the omit-
ted factors, ibid.7

7
Congress's decision to omit (2)(A) specifcally has its own logic.

Page Proof Pending Publication
Congress may have sought to encourage sentencing courts to give greater
weight to the remaining purposes of sentencing set forth in (2) to
ensure that "[s]upervised release fulflls [its] rehabilitative ends." United
States v. Johnson, (2000). But in doing so, Congress likely
understood that sealing off any discretion to consider (2)(A)'s re-
tributive factors would be impracticable. Supervised release is "a part
of " "a term of imprisonment for" the defendant's offense, and
when a sentencing court imposes a term of imprisonment for the offense,
it must consider (2)(A), see.
Congress may have rendered the three (2)(A) factors discretion-
ary because it understood that each factor may apply in some, though not
all, hearings regarding the alteration of supervised release. The need "to
promote respect for law" strikes me as an evergreen concern when a court
is considering what remedy best enables a defendant to "learn to obey the
conditions of his supervised release." 88 F. 4th 1163, 1167 (CA6 2023). But the need "to provide just punish-
ment for the offense" seems less relevant when a sentencing court ad-
dresses a violation of supervised release. And the relevance of the re-
maining (2)(A) factor -- the need "to refect the seriousness of the
offense" -- depends on context. If, for example, a sentencing court decides
to revoke supervised release following a defendant's violation, it must, as
already explained, examine how Congress categorized the offense's "seri-
ousness" to determine the authorized term of reimprisonment. See
220 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

III
A
The Court attempts to buttress its interpretation by citing
statements made in two of our prior cases, but the holdings
in those cases were far afeld from the question presented
here, and the comments in question simply provided back-
ground. In Tapia v. United States, (2011), we
held that a sentence of imprisonment cannot be imposed or
extended to foster a defendant's rehabilitation. Before di-
rectly addressing that issue in Part III of the opinion, Part
II provided "statutory background." Id., at 323. After
noting the four purposes of sentencing, the opinion stated
that under the Sentencing Reform Act, "a particular purpose
may apply differently, or even not at all, depending on the
kind of sentence under consideration." Id., at 326. As an
example, the opinion stated that under, "a court

Page Proof Pending Publication
may not take account of retribution (the frst purpose listed
in (2)) when imposing a term of supervised release."
Ibid. (emphasis in original). Because the wording of
is similar to that of -- the provision that
controls alteration of a term of supervised release -- the
Court today treats Tapia's statement as strong support for
its decision.
This reads too much into what is plainly peripheral dicta.
For one thing, it is not even clear that the statement means
what the Court claims. The verb "may" sometimes denotes
"permission" and sometimes denotes "possibility." Random
House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary 1189 (2d ed. 2001).
The Court reads the statement in Tapia to mean permission:
a judge may not consider retribution because that is not al-
lowed. But the statement could also mean "possibility": a

(3). But if the court instead opts for a less-severe sanction, such
as the modifcation of a condition of release, it is not necessarily required
to consider how Congress scored the underlying offense's "seriousness."
See (2).
 Cite as: (2025) 221

Alito, J., dissenting

judge, as a matter of discretion, may choose not to take retri-
bution into account. It is debatable which reading is better,
and in any event, as the opinion stated twice, the statement
was merely "statutory background." 564 U. S., at 323, 326.
Moreover, Tapia "dealt with a different sentencing law" con-
cerned with imposing imprisonment, not supervised release,
and the Court's drive-by analysis of did nothing to
reckon with Congress's lack of "explicit directions" as to the
omitted sentencing factors. 88 F. 4th 1163, 1168 (CA6 2023).
Such "[d]ictum settles nothing, even in the court that utters
it." Jama v. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, (2005).
The Court's other precedent, Concepcion v. United States, is no better. The holding in that case -- that
sentencing courts adjudicating motions to reduce a sentence
under the First Step Act have discretion to consider inter-
vening changes in the law or relevant facts -- is far removed

Page Proof Pending Publication
from the question here. After emphasizing that sentencing
judges have generally exercised broad discretion regarding
the facts considered in sentencing determinations, the opin-
ion noted that Congress has sometimes imposed restrictions;
as an illustration, it simply cited the statement made in
Tapia. See 597 U. S., at 494.
Whatever weight these dicta merit, they are surely insuf-
fcient to support today's decision.

B
The Court attempts to justify its interpretation by draw-
ing a hard line between the Act's primary penalties -- 
"[f]ines, probation, and imprisonment" -- and supervised re-
lease. Ante, at 196. In its view, the former are a court's
main "tools for ensuring that a criminal defendant receives
just deserts for the original offense." Ibid. But "when a de-
fendant violates the conditions of his supervised release," the
Court reasons, "it makes sense that a court must consider
the forward-looking ends of sentencing (deterrence, incapac-
222 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

itation, and rehabilitation), but may not consider the
backward-looking purpose of retribution." Ibid.
This argument exaggerates the distinction between the
two classes of penalties to which the Court refers. Contrary
to the Court's suggestion, a decision about the revocation
of supervised release may call for consideration of certain
backward-looking factors. For example, under (3),
the limits of the discretion enjoyed by a court considering
the revocation of supervised release depend on the class (A,
B, C, or D) of the "statute for the offense that resulted in
[the] term of supervised release." Section 3583(e) also man-
dates consideration of (6), which, in turn, requires
consideration of "the need to avoid unwarranted sentence
disparities among defendants with similar records who have
been found guilty of similar conduct." In assessing that fac-
tor, a sentencing court must necessarily look back to the de-
fendant's offense conduct and also consider the past offense
Page Proof Pending Publication
conduct of similarly situated defendants.
A defendant's original offense may also be important when
a judge is considering whether a violation of a condition of
supervised release is serious enough to justify sending the
violator back to prison for a particular length of time. Con-
sider a defendant convicted for the possession of child por-
nography who later violates a special condition of his release
restricting his viewing of any sexually explicit materials, in-
cluding material that depicts teenagers who are not actually
under the age of 18. In such a case, the serious nature of
the original crime may be thought to have a bearing on the
implications of the later violation and the need for reimpris-
onment to deter the defendant from future backsliding, to
protect society from the consequences of child pornography,
or to provide the opportunity for further rehabilitation ef-
forts in prison.
It is revealing that the Court only half-heartedly buys its
forward-looking/ backward-looking distinction. In a foot-
note, the Court refuses to take a position on the question
 Cite as: (2025) 223

Alito, J., dissenting

whether a sentencing court may revoke supervised release
in retribution "for the violation of the conditions of the su-
pervised release." Ante, at 194, (emphasis deleted).

IV
In addition to all these faults, the Court's interpretation,
as I emphasized at the outset of this opinion, defes com-
mon sense.
The Court's interpretation of which sentencing factors a
court may consider in altering a term of supervised release
must also apply when a court is initially imposing a term
of supervised release. The relevant wording in,
which governs the imposition of supervised release, and, which governs the alteration of supervised release,
cannot be meaningfully distinguished. But applying the
Court's interpretation to the original imposition of super-
vised released creates a huge practical problem. A term of
Page Proof Pending Publication
imprisonment and a term of supervised release are often im-
posed at the same time. In imposing a prison term, a court
must consider all of the 10 sentencing factors, but under to-
day's reading of the Sentencing Reform Act, the court is pro-
hibited from considering 2 of those factors when it turns to
the issue of supervised release. How this will work in prac-
tice is anyone's guess. Must sentencing courts "adjourn the
hearing after imposing" imprisonment and then "start over
with a new unblemished inquiry" and without giving any
thought to the omitted factors? 88 F. 4th, at 1168.
The Sixth Circuit feared that might be required. Many dis-
trict judges may soon face this problem because "[t]he vast
majority (95.1%)" of offenders convicted of a felony or Class
A misdemeanor are also "sentenced to terms of supervised
release." United States Sentencing Commission, Federal
Offenders Sentenced to Supervised Release 50 (2010). In-
deed, in 2024, supervised release was imposed in 50,865
cases. See United States Sentencing Commission, 2024
Sourcebook of Federal Sentencing Statistics 41.
224 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

Other daunting practical problems will arise when judges
are deciding whether to alter a defendant's term of super-
vised release. When sending a violator of supervised re-
lease back to prison, a court must carefully control every
word that is uttered to explain the decision. Avoiding the
language of (2)(A) -- "the seriousness of the offense,"
"respect for the law," and "just punishment for the of-
fense" -- is obviously essential. But what about synonyms
and other arguably related words and phrases? Not only
must sentencing judges avoid verbal missteps, they must do
so while heeding the requirement to consider mandatory
supervised-release factors that are essentially inseparable
from the factors that are fatal. See supra, at 215.
The potential consequences of the Court's interpretation
are so alarming that many of the lower courts that have
adopted today's interpretation have squirmed to avoid its ef-
fects. See, e. g., United States v. Miqbel, 444 F. 3d 1173, 1182
Page Proof Pending Publication
(CA9 2006) ("[A] sentence would be unreasonable if the court
based it primarily on an omitted factor, such as a factor
provided for in (2)(A).... We do not suggest that a
mere reference to promoting respect for the law would in
itself render a sentence unreasonable" );
United States v. Sanchez, 900 F. 3d 678, 684, (CA5 2018)
("Of course, this is not to say that any use of words like
`punish,' `serious,' or `respect' automatically renders a revo-
cation sentence void. Mere mention of impermissible fac-
tors is acceptable; to constitute reversible error... the for-
bidden factor must be `dominant' " )).
Today's decision is similar. After adopting an impractical
interpretation, the decision takes the remarkable step of out-
lining ways in which sentencing judges and courts of appeals
can avoid strict compliance. At the trial level, if the defense
objects that a comment made by the judge crosses the line,
the Court counsels that the judge can easily ward off rever-
sal. The judge can "withdraw any impermissible" remark
 Cite as: (2025) 225

Alito, J., dissenting

or recast any "stray reference to a (2)(A) factor" as
"merely prefatory." Ante, at 203. In addition, the judge
may "explain that a stray reference" to a prohibited factor
was actually "intended to bear on" a mandatory factor with
which it is closely related. Ibid.
After providing this roadmap for district judges, the Court
turns to the courts of appeals. The Court reminds circuit
judges that an appeal based on today's decision "will be gov-
erned by plain-error review," assuming the defendant fails
to object in the district court. Ante, at 202. And plain-
error review, as we have long observed, is an "exacting"
standard and is meant to correct "only particularly egregious
errors" that "seriously affect the fairness, integrity or public
reputation of judicial proceedings." United States v. Young,
(1985).
Reading between the lines, the Court's message is clear.
Unless a district judge obdurately fails to backtrack as rec-

Page Proof Pending Publication
ommended when there is an objection based on today's deci-
sion, there should be few problems. The Court's outline
shows that it has a low opinion of the value of its handiwork,
and that should seal the case that the whole effort is a
mistake.
* * *
For these reasons, I cannot agree with the Court's deci-
sion, and I therefore respectfully dissent.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions

Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 210, line 10: "his" is changed to "her"
p. 210, line 17: "his" is changed to "her"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 1
Pages 226 -- 258

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 20, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
226 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION et al. v. R. J.
REYNOLDS VAPOR CO. et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 1187. Argued January 21, 2025 -- Decided June 20, 2025
The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act (TCA) requires
manufacturers to apply for and receive approval from the Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) before marketing any "new tobacco prod-
uct." 21 U. S. C.. In 2016, the FDA decided that e-cigarettes
and related products were new tobacco products subject to the TCA.
Given the size of the existing e-cigarette market, the FDA announced
that it would defer enforcement of the TCA against e-cigarette manu-
facturers and retailers while the manufacturers sought FDA appro-
val. R. J. Reynolds Vapor Co. (RJR Vapor) -- a manufacturer of
e-cigarettes -- sought FDA approval to continue marketing its popular
Vuse Alto products. The FDA denied the applications, fnding that

Page Proof Pending Publication
RJR Vapor had failed to demonstrate that marketing Vuse Alto prod-
ucts would be "appropriate for the protection of the public health" as
required by the TCA. (2)(A). The FDA's order sounded the
death knell for a signifcant portion of the e-cigarette market, and RJR
Vapor sought to challenge it.
The TCA provides that "any person adversely affected" by an FDA
denial order can petition for judicial review in either the D. C. Circuit
or "the circuit in which such person resides or has their principal place
of business." (1). Had RJR Vapor sought judicial review on
its own, it could have fled a petition in the D. C. Circuit (the statutory
default) or the Fourth Circuit (which includes North Carolina, RJR Va-
por's state of incorporation and principal place of business). RJR Vapor
instead combined forces with a Texas-based retailer and a Mississippi-
based trade association of retailers to challenge the FDA's denial order
in the Fifth Circuit (which includes both Texas and Mississippi). In
response, the FDA asked the court to either dismiss the joint petition
for lack of venue or transfer it to the D. C. Circuit or Fourth Circuit.
The FDA argued that only a disappointed applicant -- in this case, RJR
Vapor -- is "adversely affected" by an FDA denial order within the
meaning of the TCA. Because the retailers had no right to seek review,
the FDA argued, the petition had no basis for being in the Fifth Circuit.
A divided Fifth Circuit panel concluded venue was proper and denied
the FDA's motion.
 Cite as: (2025) 227

Syllabus

Held: Retailers who would sell a new tobacco product if not for the FDA's
denial order may seek judicial review of that order under (1).
Pp. 232 -- 241.
(a) To invoke a statutory cause of action, a plaintiff must be within
the "zone of interests" that the statute protects. Lexmark Int'l, Inc.
v. Static Control Components, Inc.,. That means a
plaintiff must belong to the class of persons to which the statute grants
a right to sue, which under the TCA is "any person adversely affected"
by the FDA's "denial." (1).
"Adversely affected" (and its variations like "adversely affected or
aggrieved") is a term of art with a "long history in federal administra-
tive law." Director, Offce of Workers' Compensation Programs v.
Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Co.,. Many
statutes use the term, most notably the Administrative Procedure Act
(APA), which entitles anyone "adversely affected or aggrieved by
agency action within the meaning of a relevant statute... to judicial
review." 5 U. S. C.. The Court has interpreted "adversely af-
fected" broadly, as covering anyone even "arguably within the zone of
interests to be protected or regulated by the statute... in question."
Association of Data Processing Service Organizations, Inc. v. Camp,

Page Proof Pending Publication.
The FDA insists that the capacious understanding of "adversely af-
fected" is unique to the APA, and that other statutes require a person
to "actually" -- not "arguably" -- fall within the statute's zone of interests.
And, as the FDA sees it, under the TCA the only person actually ag-
grieved by the denial of permission to market a tobacco product is the
one with the closest relationship to the application -- the applicant. But
the Court has not drawn the distinction the FDA proposes. Instead,
the Court has borrowed from its APA cases, including their broad for-
mulation of the zone-of-interests test, when it has interpreted variations
of the phrase "adversely affected or aggrieved" in other statutes. See,
e. g., Bank of America Corp. v. Miami, (interpreting
"aggrieved person" in the Fair Housing Act); Thompson v. North Amer-
ican Stainless, LP, (interpreting "person claiming to
be aggrieved" in Title VII); Newport News, 514 U. S., at 123 (interpret-
ing "person adversely affected or aggrieved" in the Longshore and Har-
bor Workers' Compensation Act). Taken together, these cases refect a
presumption that "adversely affected" carries the same meaning outside
the APA as in it.
The Court interprets "adversely affected" in the TCA against this
backdrop. Echoing the APA, the TCA provides that "any person ad-
versely affected by [the FDA's] denial" may petition for judicial review.
(1). The retailers ft the bill. If the FDA denies an applica-
228 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Syllabus

tion, the retailers lose the opportunity to proft from the sale of the new
tobacco product -- or, if they sell the product anyway, risk imprisonment
and other sanctions. See, 333(a), 387b(6)(A), 387j(a) -- (c). Ac-
cordingly, the retailers are "adversely affected" by a denial order and
are therefore proper petitioners under (1). Pp. 232 -- 236.
(b) The FDA argues that the TCA's text and structure refect Con-
gress's choice to offer judicial review only to manufacturers denied per-
mission to market a tobacco product. The FDA's arguments, which
focus almost entirely on, cannot be squared with (1) -- the
provision that creates the cause of action. Start with the textual oddity
of using the phrase "any person adversely affected" to describe a cause
of action that only one person -- the applicant manufacturer -- could use.
Congress's use of "any" suggests that a denial order can adversely affect
multiple persons.
Even without the word "any," the phrase "person adversely affected"
suggests an intent to cover more than one party. If Congress intended
to convey the FDA's reading, it would more naturally have said "appli-
cant." And there is "no basis in text or prior practice" for limiting
"person adversely affected" to mean "the applicant." Cf. Thompson,
(rejecting analogous argument that Title VII's use of "per-

Page Proof Pending Publication
son claiming to be aggrieved" refers to a single person). Congress
knows how to limit the scope of a cause of action -- in fact, it did so
elsewhere in the TCA. When the FDA withdraws an existing approval
of an application to market a new tobacco product, only the "holder
of [the] application" may challenge the withdrawal order. (2).
Congress's use of materially different terms in the TCA -- "holder of
[the] application" in (2) and "any person adversely affected"
in (1) -- raises the presumption that the different terms mean
different things. This principle is fatal to the FDA's reading of
(1). The FDA's other structural and policy arguments likewise
cannot be squared with Congress's use of the phrase "any person ad-
versely affected."
The retailers had the right to petition for review under the TCA, and
the Fifth Circuit denied the FDA's motion to dismiss or transfer because
it correctly concluded that at least one proper petitioner had venue.
Pp. 236 -- 240.
(c) The FDA now argues that each petitioner in a joint petition for
review must independently establish venue. The FDA did not make
that argument in the Fifth Circuit. The Court rarely addresses an ar-
gument raised frst to the Court, see OBB Personenverkehr AG v.
Sachs, and prudence counsels against doing so here.
Pp. 240 -- 241.
Affrmed and remanded.
 Cite as: (2025) 229

Opinion of the Court

Barrett, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Alito, Kagan, Gorsuch, and Kavanaugh, JJ., joined.
Jackson, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Sotomayor, J., joined,
post, p. 241.

Vivek Suri argued the cause for petitioners. With him on
the briefs were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal Dep-
uty Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor
General Gannon, Joshua M. Koppel, Catherine Padhi, Sam-
uel R. Bagenstos, and Wendy S. Vicente.
Ryan J. Watson argued the cause for respondents. With
him on the brief were Noel J. Francisco, Christian G. Ver-
gonis, Andrew J. M. Bentz, Charles E. T. Roberts, and An-
drew J. Clopton.*

Justice Barrett delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act
(TCA) requires manufacturers to apply for and receive ap-
Page Proof Pending Publication
proval from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before
marketing any "new tobacco product." 123 Stat. 1807, 21
U. S. C.. Companies that manufacture or sell new to-
bacco products without the FDA's approval face signifcant
penalties. See, 333(a), 387b(6)(A), 387j(a) -- (c). If the
FDA denies an application, the TCA authorizes "any person
adversely affected" by the denial order to petition for judicial

*William B. Schultz, Andrew N. Goldfarb, and Dennis A. Henigan fled
a brief for Public Health Groups et al. as amici curiae urging reversal.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the American
Center for Law and Justice by Jordan Sekulow, Donn Parsons, and Ben-
jamin P. Sisney; for the Atlantic Legal Foundation by Lawrence S. Ebner;
for Electronic Nicotine Delivery System Trade Associations et al. by Eric
P. Gotting and Azim Chowdhury; for Foreign Ends Manufacturers et al.
by Eric N. Heyer, Joseph A. Smith, James C. Fraser, and Anna Stres-
senger; and for Vaping Industry Stakeholders by J. Gregory Troutman.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the Chamber of Commerce of the
United States of America by Christopher G. Michel, Jennifer B. Dickey,
and David A. Nabors; and for the New Civil Liberties Alliance by Andrew
J. Morris, Daniel Kelly, and Mark Chenoweth.
230 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

review under the standards of the Administrative Procedure
Act (APA). -- (b). We must decide whether retail-
ers who would sell a new tobacco product if not for the FDA's
denial order have the right to seek judicial review. We hold
that they do.
I
When modern e-cigarettes made their American debut, the
FDA did not treat them as "new tobacco products" for pur-
poses of the TCA. See FDA v. Wages & White Lion Invest-
ments, LLC, -- 556 (2025). They could
therefore be sold without the FDA's approval, and over the
years, a large market developed. See ibid. But in 2016,
the FDA changed direction: It announced that e-cigarettes
and related products are subject to the TCA after all. 81
Fed. Reg. 29028 -- 29044 (2016). Given the size of the
e-cigarette market, pulling products from the shelves while
manufacturers sought "premarket" authorization to sell
Page Proof Pending Publication
them would have been disruptive. To mitigate the disrup-
tion, the FDA announced that it would defer enforcement of
the TCA against e-cigarette manufacturers and retailers
while the manufacturers sought FDA approval. Id., at
29009 -- 29015.
R. J. Reynolds Vapor Co. (RJR Vapor) manufactures e-
cigarettes, including the popular menthol- and mixed-berry-
favored Vuse Alto products. It timely applied for authori-
zation to market its Vuse Alto products, but three years
later, the FDA denied the applications. According to the
FDA, RJR Vapor had failed to demonstrate that marketing
Vuse Alto products would be "appropriate for the protection
of the public health." (2)(A). This order sounded
the death knell for a signifcant portion of the e-cigarette
market.
When the FDA denies premarket authorization, "any per-
son adversely affected" by the denial may petition for judi-
cial review in either the D. C. Circuit or "the circuit in which
 Cite as: (2025) 231

Opinion of the Court

such person resides or has their principal place of business."
(1). RJR Vapor is incorporated and has its principal
place of business in North Carolina; thus, had it fled alone,
its options were the D. C. Circuit and the Fourth Circuit.
Rather than fling alone, however, RJR Vapor combined
forces with retailers of Vuse Alto products: Avail Vapor
Texas, L.L.C., a Texas company that owns and operates the
"Vuse Inspiration Store" in Houston; the Mississippi Petro-
leum Marketers and Convenience Stores Association, a trade
association of gas stations and convenience stores; and an-
other North Carolina-based RJR corporate affliate that sold
Vuse products online. RJR Vapor and the retailers fled a
joint petition in the Fifth Circuit, where Avail Vapor and the
trade association are located.
The FDA asked the court to either dismiss the joint peti-
tion for lack of venue or transfer it to the D. C. Circuit or
Fourth Circuit. It pointed out that under the TCA, only

Page Proof Pending Publication
those "adversely affected" by the denial of premarket au-
thorization may petition for review of the FDA's order. And
in the FDA's view, only a disappointed applicant -- in this
case, RJR Vapor -- is "adversely affected" within the mean-
ing of the TCA. Because the retailers had no right to seek
review, the FDA argued, the petition had no basis for being
in the Fifth Circuit. RJR Vapor could fle in the D. C. Cir-
cuit (the default) or the Fourth Circuit (its home).
A divided Fifth Circuit panel denied the FDA's motion and
concluded that venue was proper over the joint petition to
review the FDA's denial order.1 The FDA sought this
Court's review of the Fifth Circuit's order, and we granted
certiorari.2 (2024).

1
In a separate order, the Fifth Circuit also stayed the FDA's denial
order. The Fifth Circuit's stay order is not before us.
2
The respondents argue that we lack jurisdiction to decide this case.
Outside of limited circumstances, Article III allows this Court to exercise
only "appellate jurisdiction," not "original jurisdiction." Marbury v.
232 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

II
A
To invoke a statutory cause of action, a plaintiff must be
within the "zone of interests" that the statute protects.
Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v. Static Control Components, Inc., (2014).3 Put differently, a plaintiff must be-
long to the class of persons to whom the statute grants a
right to sue. Id., at 127. Under the TCA, the relevant class
is "any person adversely affected" by the FDA's "denial."
21 U. S. C. (1).
"Adversely affected" (and its variations like "adversely af-
fected or aggrieved") is a term of art with a "long history
in federal administrative law." Director, Offce of Workers'
Compensation Programs v. Newport News Shipbuilding &
Dry Dock Co., (1995); see also Brief for
New Civil Liberties Alliance as Amicus Curiae 26 -- 27 (claim-
ing that 124 statutes use variations of "adversely affected").
Page Proof Pending Publication
Most notably, the term appears in the APA, which entitles
anyone "adversely affected or aggrieved by agency action
within the meaning of a relevant statute... to judicial re-
view." 4 5 U. S. C.. We have interpreted "adversely
Madison, 1 Cranch 137, 175 (1803). The respondents argue that we are
unconstitutionally exercising original jurisdiction because the Court of
Appeals has not yet adjudicated the merits of their petition. This argu-
ment is clever but misguided. We are reviewing the Fifth Circuit's order
denying a motion to transfer venue. So, as with any other case in which
we review a lower court order, we are exercising appellate jurisdiction
over that order -- not deciding the motion in the frst instance.
3
Though we once applied the zone-of-interests test as part of a "prudential
standing" doctrine, we have abandoned that label as "misleading." Bank
of America Corp. v. Miami, -- 197 (2017). As we have ex-
plained, the question is not one of standing, but of "whether the statute
grants the plaintiff the cause of action that he asserts." Ibid. The zone-
of-interests test is part of the ordinary statutory interpretation analysis
that courts employ to answer that question. Lexmark, 572 U. S., at 127.
4
Because the APA provides an omnibus cause of action for violations of
other statutes, the "relevant statute" for an APA zone-of-interests analysis
is not the APA itself, but the statute under which the relevant agency
 Cite as: (2025) 233

Opinion of the Court

affected" broadly, as covering anyone even "arguably within
the zone of interests to be protected or regulated by the
statute... in question." Association of Data Processing
Service Organizations, Inc. v. Camp, 
(1970). A plaintiff may sue under the APA
unless her "interests are so marginally related to or incon-
sistent with the purposes implicit in the statute that it can-
not reasonably be assumed that Congress intended to permit
the suit." Clarke v. Securities Industry Assn., (1987). The inquiry is "not especially demanding."
Lexmark, 572 U. S., at 130.
The FDA, however, attempts to ratchet up the standard.
It insists that the capacious understanding of "adversely af-
fected" is unique to the APA, whose "omnibus judicial-review
provision... permits suit for violations of numerous statutes
of varying character that do not themselves include causes

Page Proof Pending Publication
of action for judicial review." Ibid.; see also, e. g., Bennett
v. Spear, (1997). For statutes other than
the APA, the FDA argues, a person must "actually" -- not
"arguably" -- fall within the statute's zone of interests.
Brief for Petitioners 12 -- 13. And as the FDA sees it, the
person actually aggrieved by the denial of permission to
market a tobacco product is the one with the closest relation-
ship to the application -- the applicant.
We have not drawn the distinction that the FDA proposes.
On the contrary, when we have interpreted variations of the
phrase "adversely affected or aggrieved" outside the context
of the APA, we have borrowed from our APA cases, includ-
ing their broad formulation of the zone-of-interests test.
For instance, in Bank of America Corp. v. Miami, we inter-
preted the Fair Housing Act's (FHA) cause of action -- which
permits any "aggrieved person" to sue. 
(2017); 42 U. S. C. (1)(A). Citing our canonical artic-
acted. See Association of Data Processing Service Organizations, Inc.
v. Camp, (1970).
234 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

ulation of the APA's broad zone-of-interests test in Data
Processing, we held that Miami could sue under the FHA
because the city "arguably" fell within the interests that the
FHA sought to protect. 581 U. S., at 197 -- 201.
Thompson v. North American Stainless, LP, runs in the
same vein. (2011). There, we interpreted the
scope of Title VII's cause of action, which permits a "person
claiming to be aggrieved" to sue. 42 U. S. C. -- 5(f)(1).
We held that this cause of action is neither so narrow as to
include only the person claiming to be the victim of discrimi-
nation nor so broad as to encompass every person with Arti-
cle III standing. Thompson, 562 U. S., at 177. Instead,
interpreting the term "aggrieved" consistently with its
"common usage" in the APA context, we held that Title VII
authorized suit by "any plaintiff with an interest `arguably
[sought] to be protected by the statute.' " Id., at 177 -- 178
). Under this
test, an employee who had allegedly been fred in retaliation
for the protected activity of his fancée (who was also his
co-worker) was "aggrieved" and could sue. Thompson, 562
U. S., at 178.
Finally, in Newport News, we had to decide whether the
Director of the Offce of Workers' Compensation Programs
in the Department of Labor was "[a] person adversely af-
fected or aggrieved by a fnal order" under the Longshore
and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act. 514 U. S., at 123;
44 Stat. 1436, 33 U. S. C.. To answer this question,
we considered the history of this "term of art" across admin-
istrative law, including our canonical interpretation of it
under the APA: "[A] litigant [must] show... that the interest
he seeks to vindicate is arguably within the `zone of interests
to be protected or regulated by the statute.' " Newport
News, 514 U. S., at 126 -- 127. Considering the "long
lineage" of this language, we found it telling that neither
 Cite as: (2025) 235

Opinion of the Court

we nor any court of appeals had ever held, under the APA
or otherwise, that "an agency, in its regulatory or policy-
making capacity, is `adversely affected' or `aggrieved.' "
Newport News, 514 U. S., at 127.
Taken together, these cases refect a presumption that the
term "adversely affected" carries the same meaning outside
the APA as in it.5 The Fair Housing Act, Title VII, and
the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act have
different histories, scopes, and purposes. Yet in interpret-
ing each statute, we borrowed principles from cases describ-
ing the APA's cause of action. The FDA cannot explain
why -- repeatedly and without regard for their differing stat-
utory purposes -- we have interpreted other causes of action
with variations of "adversely affected or aggrieved" consist-
ently with the APA's cause of action.6
We interpret the phrase "adversely affected" in the TCA
against this backdrop. Echoing the APA, the TCA provides
Page Proof Pending Publication
that "any person adversely affected by [the FDA's] denial"
may petition for judicial review. 21 U. S. C. (1); see

5
The FDA invokes Bennett and Lexmark for support, but the statutes
at issue in those cases did not use variations of the phrase "adversely
affected" to create a cause of action. See 16 U. S. C. (Bennett v.
Spear, (1997)); 15 U. S. C. (1) (Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v.
Static Control Components, Inc., (2014)). So neither case
sheds light on whether "adversely affected" has a unique meaning in the
context of the APA.
6
The FDA notes that the phrase "adversely affected or aggrieved" pre-
dates the APA. Director, Offce of Workers' Compensation Programs v.
Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Co., (1995).
But the FDA has not shown that the pre-APA defnition of "adversely
affected or aggrieved" was meaningfully narrower than the version of the
zone-of-interests test articulated in modern APA cases, not to mention
Bank of America and Thompson v. North American Stainless, LP, (2011). Even our pre-APA construction of "adversely affected"
was quite broad. See, e. g., FCC v. Sanders Brothers Radio Station, -- 477 (1940) (holding that competitors of FCC licensees are
"adversely affected" by an order granting a license within the meaning of
(2) of the Communications Act of 1934).
236 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

also 5 U. S. C. ("[a] person... adversely affected or
aggrieved by agency action"). The TCA's cause of action
thus extends to any petitioner "with an interest `arguably
sought to be protected by the statute.' " Thompson, 562
U. S., at 178. The retailers ft the bill.
If the FDA denies an application, the retailers, like the man-
ufacturer, lose the opportunity to proft from the sale of the
new tobacco product -- or, if they sell the product anyway,
risk imprisonment and other sanctions. See 21 U. S. C., 333(a), 387b(6)(A), 387j(a) -- (c). Given this signifcant,
direct impact on retailers, their interests are not "so margin-
ally related to or inconsistent with the purposes implicit in
the statute that it cannot reasonably be assumed that Con-
gress intended to permit the suit." Clarke, 479 U. S., at 399.
Accordingly, the retailers are "adversely affected" by a de-
nial order and are therefore proper petitioners under

Page Proof Pending Publication
(1).7
B
Resisting this conclusion, the FDA (followed by the dis-
sent) argues that the TCA's text and structure refect Con-
7
The dissent argues that the zone-of-interests inquiry turns exclusively
on, which governs the FDA's response to a marketing application.
See post, at 246 (opinion of Jackson, J.) This myopic approach is incon-
sistent with Clarke v. Securities Industry Assn., which explains that the
zone-of-interests analysis must not "focu[s] too narrowly" on the basis for
the violation, but must also consider that provision "in the overall context"
of the relevant Act. (1987). Here, the relevant context
includes not only the application process outlined in, but also the
legal consequences if that process ends with a denial order -- namely, the
threat of criminal penalties for retailers who sell the denied products.
According to the dissent, this threat is irrelevant because does
not enable the retailers to "weigh in on" the FDA's consideration of an
application for premarket authorization. Post, at 248, (opinion of
Jackson, J.). But the TCA does not authorize suit only for those permit-
ted to "weigh in on" the agency's disposition of an application -- it author-
izes suit for those "adversely affected" by the denial of an application.
The retailers meet that description.
 Cite as: (2025) 237

Opinion of the Court

gress's choice to offer judicial review only to manufacturers
denied permission to market a tobacco product. The FDA
emphasizes that TCA applications result in an "order,"
(1)(A), and that "orders" may normally be challenged
only by the participants in the proceeding that led to the
order. It also asserts that other provisions of the statute
refect an overriding concern with the applicant manufac-
turer: Only the manufacturer may ask the FDA to refer its
application to a scientifc committee, receive notice of a de-
nial order, or receive a statement about why the application
was denied. (2)(B), (e)(2), (c)(3). And, the FDA
observes, only the manufacturer is positioned to demonstrate
that a product is "appropriate for the protection of the public
health." (2)(A). Putting these provisions together,
the FDA says that the TCA is concerned exclusively with
the interests of the manufacturer. Retailers are outside the
TCA's zone of interests.
Page Proof Pending Publication
These arguments, which focus almost entirely on,
cannot be squared with (1) -- the provision that cre-
ates the cause of action. Start with the textual oddity of
using the phrase "any person adversely affected" to describe
a cause of action that only one person -- the applicant manu-
facturer -- could use. "Read naturally, the word `any' has an
expansive meaning, that is, `one or some indiscriminately of
whatever kind.' " United States v. Gonzales, 
(1997) ). Congress's use of "any" suggests that a
denial order can adversely affect multiple persons.
Even without the word "any," the phrase "person ad-
versely affected" suggests an intent to cover more than one
party. Thompson is probative. In that case, the respond-
ent similarly argued that the phrase "person aggrieved" re-
ferred to only the person who engaged in statutorily pro-
tected activity. 562 U. S., at 177. We said that "[w]e know
of no other context in which the words carry this artifcially
narrow meaning, and if that is what Congress intended,"
238 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

then "it would more naturally have said `person claiming to
have been discriminated against' rather than `person claim-
ing to be aggrieved.' " Ibid. We saw "no basis in text or
prior practice for limiting the latter phrase" to the single
person who engaged in protected conduct. Ibid. So too
here. If Congress intended to convey the FDA's reading, it
would more naturally have said "applicant" rather than "per-
son adversely affected." And there is "no basis in text or
prior practice" for limiting "person adversely affected" to
mean "the applicant" -- or, for that matter, the "party" with
whom the agency dealt. See NRC v. Texas, -- 676 (2025) (distinguishing between statutes that
grant a cause of action to a "party" aggrieved, as opposed to
the broader any "person" aggrieved).
The FDA tries to explain away the breadth of (1)
by stressing that it applies not only to denial orders under, but also to regulations promulgated under.
Page Proof Pending Publication
See also post, at 251 (Jackson, J., dissenting). The provi-
sion's breadth, the FDA says, accommodates the latter con-
text: Regulations affect more than one person, even if a de-
nial order affects only the applicant. So, the FDA stresses,
its interpretation does not read the phrase "any person" out
of the provision. Fair enough. But it does read the phrase
"an applicant" into the provision. Congress did not enact a
narrow cause of action for denial orders and a broader one
for regulations. Instead, it brought them under the same
umbrella, using the same language -- "any person adversely
affected" -- to cover both contexts. The FDA's spin on the
provision proposes to undo that choice.
Congress knows how to limit the scope of a cause of ac-
tion -- in fact, it did so elsewhere in the TCA. When the
FDA issues an order withdrawing an existing approval of an
application to market a new tobacco product, only the
"holder of [the] application" may challenge the order.
(2). The difference between "holder of [the] applica-
tion" and "any person adversely affected" is conspicuous.
When Congress uses "one term in one place, and a materially
 Cite as: (2025) 239

Opinion of the Court

different term in another, the presumption is that the differ-
ent term denotes a different idea." A. Scalia & B. Garner,
Reading Law 170 (2012); see also, e. g., Southwest Airlines
Co. v. Saxon, -- 458 (2022). That principle
is fatal to the FDA's reading of (1).
The FDA tries to turn this liability into an asset. See
also post, at 249 -- 250 (Jackson, J., dissenting). It argues
that Congress would not have allowed retailers to challenge
denial orders (in which they normally have no reliance inter-
ests) but not withdrawal orders (in which they usually have
signifcant reliance interests). Yet Congress made this very
choice by using different language for the two types of chal-
lenges. Plainly, the FDA wishes that Congress had written
the review provision differently. As we have explained be-
fore, however, "[w]e do not ask whether in our judgment
Congress should have authorized" this lawsuit, "but whether
Congress in fact did so." Lexmark, 572 U. S., at 128.

Page Proof Pending Publication
The FDA's other structural and policy arguments similarly
fail. See also post, at 246 -- 248 (Jackson, J., dissenting). It
claims that 's statutory structure suggests that only the
applicant has a protected stake in the application process.
In particular, it highlights the confdentiality protections, ar-
guing that they could prevent a retailer from obtaining the
information necessary to mount a successful challenge. See
(applying protection to information obtained by the
FDA through 's application process). Maybe -- though
the confdentiality provisions did not frustrate this lawsuit.
In any event, (1) asks whether a petitioner is "ad-
versely affected" by the denial order, not whether a peti-
tioner is the person best positioned to challenge a denial
order. If Congress had wanted only those with the most
information to be able to bring these challenges, it would
have said so.8
8
The FDA relies heavily on Block v. Community Nutrition Institute,
(1984). See also post, at 252 -- 254 (Jackson, J., dissenting).
But Block is readily distinguishable. The question in Block was whether
the Act at issue "preclude[d] judicial review" within the meaning of 5
240 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

The retailers had the right to petition for review under
the TCA. Because Avail Vapor and the trade association
have their principal places of business in Texas and Missis-
sippi, respectively, they could both fle in the Fifth Circuit.
So when it denied the FDA's motion to dismiss or transfer,
the Fifth Circuit correctly concluded that at least one proper
petitioner had venue.
III
In addition to contending that the retailers are not "ad-
versely affected," the FDA advances an argument in this
Court that it failed to make in the Fifth Circuit: It maintains
that each petitioner in a joint petition for review must in-
dependently establish venue. RJR Vapor and the RJR-
affliated retailer, standing alone, could not fle in the Fifth
Circuit. Thus, the FDA says, the Fifth Circuit must dismiss
the RJR petitions even if the other retailers may petition for
review there.
Page Proof Pending Publication
No court, including the Fifth Circuit in this case, has ana-
lyzed whether every petitioner in a joint petition must inde-
pendently satisfy the TCA's venue provisions. We rarely
address an argument raised for the frst time in this Court.
OBB Personenverkehr AG v. Sachs, (2015).
In the ordinary course, "[p]rudence... dictates awaiting a
case in which the issue was fully litigated below, so that we
will have the beneft of developed arguments on both sides
and lower court opinions squarely addressing the question."

U. S. C. (1), such that milk consumers could not invoke the APA's
omnibus cause of action to challenge the Secretary of Agriculture's milk
market orders. Block, 467 U. S., at 341, 345. We held that consumers
could not sue under the APA, primarily because the Act itself included a
separate cause of action enabling dairy handlers (and not consumers) to
seek judicial review of the orders after frst exhausting administrative
remedies. See id., at 345 -- 347 ). Allowing con-
sumers to sue under the APA would have frustrated that scheme. Block,
467 U. S., at 345 -- 347. This case -- which involves a single cause of action
and no administrative exhaustion requirement -- is not analogous.
 Cite as: (2025) 241

Jackson, J., dissenting

Yee v. Escondido, (1992). Prudence coun-
sels that course here, because anything we say about the
TCA's venue provisions would inevitably inform debates
about similar statutes -- including 28 U. S. C. (1), the
general venue statute for lawsuits against the Government.

* * *
We affrm the Fifth Circuit's denial of the FDA's motion
and remand the case for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Jackson, with whom Justice Sotomayor joins,
dissenting.
The statute at issue in this case requires tobacco manufac-
turers to receive permission from the Food and Drug Admin-
istration (FDA) before new tobacco products may be mar-
Page Proof Pending Publication
keted or sold. 21 U. S. C.. In deciding who falls
within the zone of interest of that statute, the Court largely
ignores this context. Instead, the Court directs all atten-
tion to the language of the statute's cause of action -- and
then essentially nullifes the zone-of-interest test by reduc-
ing it to the near-meaningless proposition that anyone af-
fected, or even arguably affected, by the FDA's marketing
denial can sue.
The actual zone-of-interest inquiry, however, requires us
to examine exactly whom Congress intended to protect
under the relevant statutory provisions. And, here, all the
usual tools of statutory interpretation point in the same di-
rection: Congress established a detailed scheme for manufac-
turers to obtain authorization to market new tobacco prod-
ucts -- a scheme within which retailers have no rights and
play no role -- and, in the context of that scheme, Congress
provided a cause of action for the protection of the manu-
facturers' statutorily created interests. Because nothing in
this statute suggests that Congress meant to authorize
242 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Jackson, J., dissenting

retailers to sue to challenge the FDA's denial of a manufac-
turer's marketing application, much less bring that legal
challenge in a venue that is otherwise unavailable, I respect-
fully dissent.
I
The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act
empowers the Secretary of Health and Human Services, act-
ing through the FDA, to regulate tobacco products. See 21
U. S. C., 393(d)(2). The Act expressly applies to
many tobacco products that were popular when the Act was
enacted in 2009, such as cigarettes. See. But rec-
ognizing that markets evolve, Congress provided that the
Act would also apply to "any other tobacco products" that
the FDA "by regulation deems to be subject to" the Act.
Ibid. Within that covered-product category, the Tobacco
Control Act prohibits manufacturers from marketing without
FDA authorization any "new tobacco product," defned as a
Page Proof Pending Publication
product not generally available on the market as of February
15, 2007. (1), (a)(2)(A). The statute also prohibits
any retailer from selling a "new tobacco product" unless that
product has been authorized by the FDA. See 
(A), 331(a).
When a manufacturer seeks FDA authorization to market
a new tobacco product, it must submit an application to the
agency. See FDA v. Wages & White Lion Investments,
LLC, -- 552 (2025);. That applica-
tion must include "full reports of all information" the manu-
facturer is (or should be) aware of "concerning investigations
which have been made to show the health risks of " the prod-
uct. (1)(A). It must also include a list of the prod-
uct's "components, ingredients, additives, and properties,"
along with a description of the manufacturing methods and
facilities. (1)(B), (C). And the manufacturer must
produce any "samples of such tobacco product" that the
agency "may reasonably require." (1)(E).
 Cite as: (2025) 243

Jackson, J., dissenting

"There are many reasons why the FDA may deny market-
ing authorization to a `new tobacco product,' " but it must do
so if the manufacturer fails to show "that the product `would
be appropriate for the protection of the public health.' " Id.,
at 552 (2)(A)). Congress has thus placed
the burden on the applicant (the manufacturer) to persuade
the FDA that its product would help -- not hurt -- public
health.
If the agency denies a manufacturer's application for fail-
ure to make this showing, or if the application is denied for
any other reason, the statute further authorizes judicial re-
view of that FDA decision. The Act specifcally provides
that "any person adversely affected" by the FDA's denial
"may fle a petition for judicial review of such... denial
with the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia or for the circuit in which such person resides or
has their principal place of business." (1).

Page Proof Pending Publication
The question before us today is what "any person ad-
versely affected" by the FDA's denial means in the context
of this statute.
II
A
"Read literally," the "broad language" of the Tobacco Con-
trol Act's judicial-review provision "might suggest that an
action is available to anyone who can satisfy the minimum
requirements of Article III." Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v. Static
Control Components, Inc., (2014). But, as
the majority acknowledges, this Court has not read this or
similar wording for all it is worth when interpreting causes
of action. See ante, at 232 -- 233. In the administrative-law
context, we have long recognized that "adversely affected"
is a term of art that can be far more cabined than its literal
meaning suggests. Indeed, we have consistently eschewed
reading the "adversely affected" word formulation to apply
to anyone in the world who might be affected by an agency's
244 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Jackson, J., dissenting

action, and have instead interpreted this language to refer
"only to plaintiffs whose interests `fall within the zone of
interests protected by the law invoked.' " Lexmark, 572
U. S., at 129 ).
We call this the zone-of-interest test -- and it is, by now,
well established. Simply stated, the test "is a guide for de-
ciding whether... a particular plaintiff should be heard to
complain of a particular agency decision." Clarke v. Securi-
ties Industry Assn., (1987). "The essen-
tial inquiry is whether Congress `intended for [this particu-
lar] class [of plaintiffs] to be relied upon to challenge agency
disregard of the law.' " Ibid. ; some alter-
ations in original). We have also explained that, at bottom,
"the reviewability question turns on congressional intent,
and all indicators helpful in discerning that intent must be
Page Proof Pending Publication
weighed." Clarke, 479 U. S., at 400. In short: "Whether a
plaintiff comes within `the "zone of interests" ' is an issue
that requires us to determine, using traditional tools of stat-
utory interpretation, whether a legislatively conferred cause
of action encompasses a particular plaintiff's claim." Lex-
mark, 572 U. S., at 127.
Our decision in Lexmark illustrates how the zone-of-
interest test works in practice. The statute at issue there
authorized a suit brought by " `any person who believes that
he or she is likely to be damaged' by a defendant's false ad-
vertising." Id., at 129 (1)).
Applying the zone-of-interest test, we held that, despite the
statute's broad "any person" language, contextual clues -- in-
cluding the statute's expressed purpose -- demonstrated that
Congress intended to permit suit only by persons who suf-
fered a particular type of injury (specifcally, "an injury to a
commercial interest in reputation or sales"). 572 U. S., at
131 -- 132.
 Cite as: (2025) 245

Jackson, J., dissenting

The Administrative Procedure Act (APA) is on the other
side of the spectrum of outcomes when the zone-of-interest
test is applied. We have long recognized that the APA's
judicial-review provision is particularly capacious. See
ante, at 233 -- 234. Notably, we have observed that such
breadth is necessary in the context of that statute in order
to "preserv[e] the fexibility" of the APA's provisions, which
apply in a range of contexts. Lexmark, 572 U. S., at 130.
The majority accepts that the zone-of-interest test is the
proper legal framework for assessing the breadth of the
cause of action at issue. See ante, at 232. It also goes to
great lengths to emphasize that the zone-of-interest test op-
erates identically across all statutes that permit aggrieved
persons to sue -- be it the APA or a more specifc provision.
See ante, at 233 -- 235. I wholeheartedly agree. Whatever
the underlying statute, our task is "to determine the mean-
ing of the congressionally enacted provision creating a cause

Page Proof Pending Publication
of action," which we do by "apply[ing] traditional principles
of statutory interpretation." Lexmark, 572 U. S., at 128.
Sometimes, as with the APA, those contextual clues demon-
strate a cause of action's breadth. Other times, as was the
case in Lexmark, those clues suggest a narrower scope. In
each case, the question is one of Congress's intent.

B
To properly discern congressional intent about the breadth
of a particular cause of action, it is crucial to know where to
look. And, unlike the majority's opinion here, our prece-
dents do not merely look to the words of the cause-of-action
provision that prompted the need to inquire further about
what Congress intended. Doing so would be, of course, en-
tirely circular. Instead, because the zone-of-interest test is
premised on the idea that interpreting a seemingly un-
bounded cause of action requires exploration into what Con-
gress wanted in the context of that particular statute, we
look to "the particular provision of law upon which the plain-
246 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Jackson, J., dissenting

tiff relies" for his legal claim -- that is, " `the statutory provi-
sion whose violation forms the legal basis for his complaint.' "
Bennett v. Spear, -- 176 (1997) ; emphasis deleted). Although one would not know it
from reading the majority's opinion, this is blackletter law.
See, e. g., Clarke, 479 U. S., at 396 -- 397; Air Courier Confer-
ence v. Postal Workers, -- 524 (1991); Thomp-
son v. North American Stainless, LP, 
(2011).
Respondents here allege that the FDA improperly denied
a marketing application fled by R. J. Reynolds Vapor Co.
(RJR Vapor) in violation of 21 U. S. C.. So, it is that
statutory provision, not the cause of action itself, that is the
proper focus of the zone-of-interest inquiry.
Analyzing that provision (as the majority fails to do) re-
veals that is part of a statutory scheme that estab-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lishes an adjudicatory process between a manufacturer and
the FDA -- and no one else. Per that process, after the FDA
receives a manufacturer's marketing application and reviews
it, the statute requires a particular agency response: The
FDA "shall" "issue an order that the new product" either
may be, or may not be, "introduced... into interstate com-
merce." (1)(A).
The FDA makes this marketing-approval decision in ac-
cordance with the statute's directives, by considering the
manufacturer's marketing application in all of its particulars.
See, (c). I touched on those details above, see
supra, at 242, but it bears repeating here that, by law, a manu-
facturer's application must contain a "full statement of the
components, ingredients, additives, and properties" of the
proposed tobacco product; a "description of the methods used
in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture,
processing, and... packing" of the product; and, in some
instances, samples of the product itself. (1). The
manufacturer gathers all of that information and submits it
 Cite as: (2025) 247

Jackson, J., dissenting

directly to the FDA. That is it -- the agency does not solicit
any information from interested third parties, such as poten-
tial consumers or retailers who wish to sell the product, and
manufacturers are not required to submit any information to
the FDA on their behalf.
Nor do retailers, in particular, have any procedural rights
whatsoever after a manufacturer submits its marketing ap-
plication. Indeed, in many circumstances, the FDA is re-
quired to deny an application without regard to the impact
that doing so might have on retailers. For example, the
FDA must deny an application if the manufacturer's produc-
tion, processing, or packing facilities fail to conform to regu-
latory standards. See (2)(B). The FDA must also
deny an application if the manufacturer fails to show "that
permitting such tobacco product to be marketed would be
appropriate for the protection of the public health. "
(2)(A).
Page Proof Pending Publication
This all means that, under the premarketing-approval
scheme that Congress has crafted, the interests of tobacco
retailers are entirely beside the point -- they do not factor in
at all. It is the manufacturers that have to make the requi-
site showings, and if they do a poor job, the retailers are
simply out of luck. There is no mechanism by which any
interested third party (including a retailer excited by the
prospect of being able to sell the relevant product) can sup-
plement a manufacturer's marketing application. There are
also no third-party notice requirements, and Congress has
emphasized the importance of confdentiality, so third-party
retailers may not even know that an application for the mar-
keting of a particular new tobacco product has been submit-
ted to the FDA at all, let alone that one was denied. See
(2) (requiring the FDA to serve denial notices on
applicants, but not retailers); see also (providing
that the agency may not disclose confdential information to
nonapplicants); 86 Fed. Reg. 55398 (2021) (recognizing that
"the intent to market a tobacco product that is not currently
248 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Jackson, J., dissenting

marketed is of ten considered confidential commercial
information").1
Thus, the text of the statutory provisions that create the
premarketing-approval scheme Congress adopted does not
support the conclusion that Congress promulgated this stat-
ute with retailers' interests in mind.
C
Nor does the purpose of the Tobacco Control Act's
premarketing-approval or judicial-review provisions. In-
stead, the statute's judicial-review mechanism operates to
ensure that those most invested in a new product's authoriza-
tion can enlist a court to double check the FDA's work.
Manufacturers plainly fall within that category: At the time
a manufacturer applies for authorization to market a new
tobacco product, it has already expended considerable time,
money, and effort to develop that product.

Page Proof Pending Publication
But retailers are differently situated. As a general mat-
ter, when a manufacturer applies for authorization to market
a new product, retailers are mere bystanders -- they do not
yet have any skin in the game. Cf., 387b(6)(A)
(clarifying that a new tobacco product may not be sold before
1
Contrary to the majority's assertion (ante, at 236, ), the fact that
retailers can face criminal penalties for selling a tobacco product that lacks
FDA approval tells us nothing about the scope of the statute's zone of
interest related to the FDA's denial of a manufacturer's marketing applica-
tion. After all, it is not Congress's decision to deny a manufacturer's
marketing application that subjects a retailer to criminal penalties; a re-
tailer never has a legal right to sell an unauthorized product -- before or
after an application is submitted. See infra this page and 249. So,
although retailers may hope that the FDA will grant a particular appli-
cation, the FDA's failure to do so does not impact the retailer's
rights. What is more, the zone-of-interest inquiry asks us to consider
who Congress intended to weigh in on the FDA's decision to deny the
manufacturer authorization to market the product. Neither Congress's
general prohibition on the sale of unauthorized tobacco products nor the
mechanisms it has provided for the enforcement of that prohibition speaks
to the threshold authorization issue.
 Cite as: (2025) 249

Jackson, J., dissenting

the FDA approves it). A retailer may desire to sell an up-
coming (not-yet-approved) product -- it may even expect to
proft handsomely, if the manufacturer's application were to
be approved and the product deemed marketable. But that
kind of forward-looking interest is different in kind from the
manufacturer's backward-looking one. If the FDA denies a
manufacturer's marketing application, a retailer might well
be disappointed, but it will not lose an investment; it can
stock its shelves with something else. Thus, Congress could
have rationally intended to protect manufacturers' reliance
interests by affording them a layer of judicial review if the
FDA denies a marketing application, while feeling no need
to extend similar protection to retailers.
The intuition that Congress reasonably intended to draw
a distinction between the interests of manufacturers and re-
tailers -- and protected only the former in the instant con-
text -- is confrmed by a provision of that enables the
Page Proof Pending Publication
FDA to withdraw its prior approval of a tobacco product in
certain situations. See. That provision states
that the agency's decision to withdraw its approval of a to-
bacco product may be challenged in court by only the
"holder of [the] application subject to" the withdrawal
order -- in other words, the manufacturer alone. (2).
To me, this is the single most signifcant piece of textual
evidence bearing on Congress's intent regarding the protec-
tion of retailers.
Under the majority's view, even though a retailer cannot
challenge the FDA's decision to withdraw its prior approval
per, it can fle a lawsuit to challenge the FDA's de-
nial of a manufacturer's application in the frst instance due
to the "any person adversely affected" language of the cause
of action. But as I see it, the fact that a retailer cannot
challenge a withdrawal order makes it much more likely that
Congress did not intend to permit it to challenge the agency's
initial denial of an application either -- a consistent and rea-
sonable result since, as I have explained, retailers generally
250 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Jackson, J., dissenting

lack any fnancial stake or reliance interests in the applica-
tion's approval.
Indeed, in my view, the provision prohibiting retailers
from challenging the withdrawal of an approved application
puts the nail in the proverbial coffn of the contention that
retailers' interests are being protected by this statute.
When the FDA withdraws its marketing approval, retailers
may well have already invested considerably in the new to-
bacco product -- e. g., by purchasing inventory, setting up
store displays, or attracting new customers. But Congress
did not seem to care; the statute states plainly that only man-
ufacturers can fle suit to challenge such withdrawal. Why
would Congress have wanted retailers to be able to seek ju-
dicial review of the agency's initial denial (at which point
they generally lack reliance interests), but not when the
agency withdraws its approval (at which point they generally
will have such interests)?
Page Proof Pending Publication
The majority offers no explanation, stating only that this
differential treatment was Congress's "choice." Ante, at
238. But "[t]he illogic of the majority's interpretation
strongly signals that what the majority believes Congress
`chose' is not actually what Congress intended or accom-
plished." Advocate Christ Medical Center v. Kennedy, (2025) (Jackson, J., dissenting). The more logical
inference by far is that Congress excluded retailers from pro-
tecting their interests in the withdrawal context precisely
because retailers are not within the zone of interest of this
statutory scheme.
III
A
Ignoring our past edicts regarding how the zone-of-interest
test works, the majority spends very little time evaluating
the substantive provisions of the Tobacco Control Act's mar-
keting scheme. Instead, it zeroes in on the language of the
provision supplying the cause of action: (1). In its
 Cite as: (2025) 251

Jackson, J., dissenting

view, retailers ft within that provision's scope because, by
permitting suit by " `any person adversely affected,' " the
statute's text "suggests an intent to cover more than one
party." Ante, at 237. But as I have already noted, fxating
on the broad text of a judicial-review provision substantially
similar to the ones that prompted us to birth the zone-of-
interest test gets us nowhere -- at least, nowhere remotely
resembling the traditional inquiry and what it was designed
to do. This observation is fundamental; as our foundational
zone-of-interest precedents recognized, a literal reading of
capacious cause-of-action language renders the provision far
broader than it is typically reasonable to conclude Congress
intended. Cf. Thompson, 562 U. S., at 176 -- 177 (observing
that "absurd consequences" about who was entitled to sue
would follow if the Court were to interpret literally a simi-
larly worded cause of action).
In any event, even pure textualists would have to acknowl-
Page Proof Pending Publication
edge that (1)'s seemingly infnite terminology can be
adequately explained by a linguistic quirk that has little to
do with Congress's "choice" to allow any arguably affected
person to sue. Carefully examined, the text of this provi-
sion permits suit by "any person adversely affected by"
either "the promulgation of a regulation" or the "denial of
an application." (1). One way to use a single sub-
ject to describe two different types of plaintiffs (those who
may seek to challenge an FDA regulation and also those
who may seek to challenge the FDA's denial of a manufactur-
er's application) is to use a generic term, such as "any per-
son." By design, that generic phrasing relates to "more
than one party" and does not explain or suggest who is in-
cluded in either category. Ante, at 237. So, ultimately, the
"any person" phrasing the majority puts so much stock in
might just be a product of Congress's desire to use a single
statutory provision to cover both situations.
Another noteworthy problem with the majority's interpre-
tation is that it draws almost exclusively from what this
252 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Jackson, J., dissenting

Court has said about the breadth of the cause of action in an
entirely different statute (the APA). It is certainly true
that, in the APA context, the zone-of-interest test is "not
especially demanding." Ante, at 233. But, again, we have explained that Con-
gress intended this language to be broadly interpreted as it
appears in the APA precisely because of the breadth of the
APA itself. See supra, at 245. By contrast, as I have
shown, the Tobacco Control Act's premarketing-approval
scheme is narrow: It involves an exchange between tobacco
manufacturers and the FDA that occurs when said manufac-
turers wish to market a new tobacco product. Third parties
are entirely excluded from that back-and-forth. And, nota-
bly, that is so even when circumstances develop that do, in
fact, implicate third-party interests (such as when a retailer
has already begun marketing the product). There really is
no material similarity between the premarketing-approval

Page Proof Pending Publication
scheme Congress has constructed in the Tobacco Control
Act, on the one hand, and the various interests that the APA
protects, on the other. Consequently, the zones of interest
those two statutes create are completely different, making it
diffcult to understand why the majority fnds the APA paral-
lel so persuasive.
B
The majority's take on the scope of (1)'s cause of
action also fails to fully appreciate the reasoning of our zone-
of-interest precedents. The zone-of-interest analysis here is
substantially similar to that of Block,. There,
the Court held that the Agricultural Marketing Agreement
Act of 1937 permitted only milk handlers and producers -- 
not consumers -- to seek judicial review of the Secretary of
Agriculture's milk pricing orders, even though the orders af-
fected (indeed, harmed) consumers by increasing the price
of milk. Consumers were not in the zone of interest (and
thus were not "adversely affected" persons under the rele-
vant cause of action, id., at 345), the Court reasoned, because
 Cite as: (2025) 253

Jackson, J., dissenting

of the structure of the underlying administrative scheme.
Milk market orders were promulgated via a "cooperative
venture" between the agency, milk handlers, and milk pro-
ducers; "[n]owhere in the Act" was there any "provision for
participation by consumers." Id., at 346 -- 347. The Court
recognized that "[i]n a complex scheme of this type, the omis-
sion of such a provision is suffcient reason to believe that
Congress intended to foreclose consumer participation in the
regulatory process." Ibid.
In the same way that the Agricultural Marketing Agree-
ment Act contemplated collaboration between the agency,
milk handlers, and milk producers -- but not consumers -- the
Tobacco Control Act's premarket-authorization program con-
templates collaboration between the agency and manufactur-
ers -- but not retailers. Therefore, here, just as in Block, the
absence of any mechanism for retailers to participate in that
collaborative premarketing-approval process on the front
Page Proof Pending Publication
end is a strong signal that Congress did not intend to protect
any interests retailers may have on the back end, if premar-
keting approval is denied.
Moreover, as with the would-be plaintiff-consumers in
Block, "preclusion of [retailer] suits will not threaten realiza-
tion of the fundamental objectives of the statute." Id., at
352. After all, a retailer's interest generally will be aligned
with a manufacturer's -- both want the FDA to approve the
application. Manufacturers, then, can "be expected to chal-
lenge unlawful agency action and to ensure that the statute's
objectives will not be frustrated." Ibid.; cf. Joint Anti-
Fascist Refugee Comm. v. McGrath, -- 154
(1951) (Frankfurter, J., concurring) (recognizing that the like-
lihood that a person would be "adequately protected" by the
party who is able to challenge the underlying Government
action is a "relevant consideration" when determining the
scope of judicial review).
The majority dismisses Block in a footnote, arguing that
it is "readily distinguishable" because the statute provided
254 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Jackson, J., dissenting

that certain industry participants could seek judicial review
only "af ter first exhausting administrative remedies. "
Ante, at 240,. But Block is not an exhaustion case.
Rather, the Court held that consumers' inability to partici-
pate in the administrative process was in and of itself a "suf-
fcient reason" to believe that Congress intended to exclude
consumers from using the statutory cause of action to seek
judicial review of the relevant agency action. 467 U. S., at
347.2
Applying the plainly analogous reasoning of Block to the
question presented in this case gets us to the most straight-
forward answer: Like the consumers in Block, the retailers
here are beyond the zone of interest and thus cannot invoke
the cause of action. But instead of just applying Block, the
majority opts to rely on a number of cases interpreting
causes of action that are far less similar to the statute at
issue here. Ante, at 232 -- 235.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Those cases are really of no help because, in each of them,
the plaintiff was expressly protected by the statute at issue,
and thus ft well within the zone of interest. In Thompson,
for example, we had no trouble concluding that an employee
injured by his employer's unlawful retaliation fell within the
zone of interests of a statute whose purpose was "to protect

2
In any event, permitting retailers to sue would "frustrat[e]" the statu-
tory scheme at issue here, too. Ante, at 240,. When the FDA denies
a manufacturer's application, the manufacturer faces a choice. It can (1)
stand on its initial application and challenge the FDA's denial in court; (2)
attempt to address its application's shortcomings (by, for example, fxing
the part of its manufacturing or processing facilities that the FDA deemed
insuffcient, see 21 U. S. C. (2)(B)); or (3) give up on the product.
Allowing retailers to challenge the denial in court deprives the manufac-
turer of agency over its own application, and risks manufacturers and re-
tailers taking inconsistent actions after an application is denied. Of
course, there may be times in which a retailer and a manufacturer are in
lockstep. But, in that situation, one wonders why a retailer needs to be
able to sue at all -- beyond, of course, its desire to bring a legal challenge
in a venue unavailable to the manufacturer. See infra, at 257.
 Cite as: (2025) 255

Jackson, J., dissenting

employees from their employers' unlawful actions." 562
U. S., at 178. And in Bank of America Corp. v. Miami, (2017), the statute had specifcally defned " `ag-
grieved person' " to include " `any person who... claims to
have been injured by a discriminatory housing practice,' "
when the plaintiff there had made that claim. Id., at 193.
The majority makes much of the Court's statements in
those cases that the statutes at issue permitted suit by any-
one whose interests were at least " ` "arguably... protected
by the statute." ' " Ante, at 236. But the retailers here cannot
even satisfy that formulation of the standard. The majority
explains how retailers may be affected by but never
articulates how retailers are protected by this statute -- not
arguably, and certainly not actually. See ante, at 236, and. That's because they can't. No matter how long you
stare at, you will not fnd anything looking out for

Page Proof Pending Publication
retailers. They are simply not protected by the provision
at all.
IV
Finally, when evaluating Congress's intent regarding the
scope of the cause of action it established in (1), we
should keep in mind, too, that this provision does not merely
authorize judicial review of agency determinations at the be-
hest of "any person adversely affected." Congress also spe-
cifcally prescribed where that review must be sought.
Again, the text states that "any person adversely affected"
by the FDA's denial "may fle a petition for judicial review
of such... denial with the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia or for the circuit in which such
person resides or has their principal place of business."
(1).
No one disputes that RJR Vapor itself qualifes as a "per-
son adversely affected" by the FDA's denial of its marketing
application. Therefore, it is not as though RJR Vapor had
no options -- it most certainly could have brought a lawsuit
256 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Jackson, J., dissenting

challenging the FDA's denial in the D. C. Circuit or in the
Fourth Circuit, where it has its principal place of business.3
So, stepping back, one wonders: Why does it even matter
whether the tobacco retailers RJR Vapor has chosen to pair
up with have the ability to sue?
The above-quoted statutory text provides the answer. As
it turns out, at the time RJR Vapor fled its application, the
D. C. Circuit and the Fourth Circuit had each already re-
jected on the merits similar challenges that other favored e-
cigarette manufacturers had fled. See Avail Vapor, LLC v.
FDA, 55 F. 4th 409, 413, 422 (CA4 2022); Prohibition Juice
Co. v. FDA, 45 F. 4th 8, 12, 20 -- 21 (CADC 2022). It thus
became (perhaps) imperative from RJR Vapor's perspective
that its own lawsuit challenging the FDA's denial of its fa-
vored e-cigarette marketing applications be fled somewhere
else. To accomplish that objective -- i. e., to facilitate RJR
Vapor's end run around (1)'s venue restrictions -- 

Page Proof Pending Publication
RJR Vapor needed another party to bring its legal challenge
to court.
It is not hard to see where this is going. RJR Vapor
teamed up with a Texas-based retailer that sold the relevant
e-cigarettes -- respondent Avail Vapor Texas, LLC -- and, to-
gether, they fled a joint petition in the Fifth Circuit, chal-
lenging the FDA's denial of RJR Vapor's application.4 The
possibility that the courts would allow venue to be estab-
lished based on Avail Vapor's presence on the petition gave
RJR Vapor hope that its substantive legal challenge would
move forward in a more applicant-friendly venue.5
3
RJR Vapor is incorporated in North Carolina and maintains its princi-
pal place of business there too.
4
Two other parties were also included on the petition: the Mississippi
Petroleum Marketers and Convenience Stores Association and an RJR
Vapor corporate affliate that sold the relevant product. The presence of
these parties does not affect the legal analysis.
5
Although a Fifth Circuit panel had rejected a similar arbitrary-and-
capricious challenge levied against the FDA's denial of a similar applica-
 Cite as: (2025) 257

Jackson, J., dissenting

From RJR Vapor's strategic litigating standpoint, neither
Congress's intent concerning the scope of the cause of action,
nor the fact that retailers were not front of mind for Con-
gress when it crafted the premarketing-approval provisions
of the Tobacco Control Act (see Part II, supra) mattered
much. Regardless, it was critical for the retailers to partici-
pate as plaintiffs if RJR Vapor was going to successfully
skirt (1)'s venue restrictions and steer this case to
the preferred -- but unauthorized -- forum.
This is, of course, precisely the kind of manipulation that
the pesky zone-of-interest test operates to prevent, insofar
as it requires (1) to be interpreted consistent with
what Congress cared about when it crafted that statute (in-
cluding, presumably, its venue-related policies), rather than
with undue adherence to whatever might be necessary to
advance a party's litigating interests. And, ultimately, for
present purposes, the distinction between what Congress

Page Proof Pending Publication
wanted when it enacted (1) and what some tobacco
manufacturers want to do now is particularly acute.
As we consider who can sue under (1), it is impor-
tant to acknowledge that the statute Congress enacted also
articulates a clear venue mandate: Thwarted tobacco manu-
facturers have a cause of action to challenge the FDA's denial
of their marketing applications in court, but they must liti-
gate their interests in the designated venues and, presum-
ably, not elsewhere -- including through proxy suits that third
parties fle in other places on their behalf.

tion, see Wages & White Lion Investments, L.L.C. v. FDA, 41 F. 4th 427,
430, 436 -- 439 (2022), the Circuit had vacated that decision and granted
rehearing en banc at the point in which RJR Vapor and Avail Vapor fled
their joint action, see 58 F. 4th 233, 234 (2023). That vacatur strongly
suggested that the full Fifth Circuit would come out against the FDA -- 
as, indeed, it eventually did. See 90 F. 4th 357, 362, 371 (2024) (en banc).
We later vacated the Fifth Circuit's en banc decision, disagreeing with its
primary holding. See FDA v. Wages & White Lion Investments, LLC,
(2025).
258 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Jackson, J., dissenting

* * *
The majority correctly acknowledges that the disputed
"any person adversely affected" language in (1) of
the Tobacco Control Act implicates our well-established
zone-of-interest test. All agree, too, that, under the zone-
of-interest test, the watchword is congressional intent. But
I would proceed to determine Congress's intent as normal,
by applying the traditional tools of statutory interpreta-
tion to investigate the scope of -- the provision that
respondents argue the FDA violated. Every available indi-
cator reveals that Congress intended to permit manufac-
turers -- not retailers -- to challenge the denial of a manufac-
turers' marketing application (and to do so only in the
designated courts). In concluding otherwise, the majority
not only opens up an avenue for judicial review that Con-
gress did not intend, it also allows manufacturers like RJR
Vapor to evade the statute's venue requirements.
Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of

Page Proof Pending Publication
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 2
Pages 831 -- 941

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 27, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 831

Syllabus

TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES,
et al. v. CASA, INC., et al.
on application for partial stay
No. 24A884. Argued May 15, 2025 -- Decided June 27, 2025*
Plaintiffs (respondents here) -- individuals, organizations, and States -- fled
three separate suits to enjoin the implementation and enforcement of
President Trump's Executive Order No. 14160. See Protecting the
Meaning and Value of American Citizenship, 90 Fed. Reg. 8449. The
Executive Order identifes circumstances in which a person born in the
United States is not "subject to the jurisdiction thereof " and is thus
not recognized as an American citizen. The plaintiffs allege that the
Executive Order violates the Fourteenth Amendment's Citizenship
Clause, and of the Nationality Act of 1940. In each case, the
District Court entered a "universal injunction" -- an injunction barring
executive offcials from applying the Executive Order to anyone, not
just the plaintiffs. And in each case, the Court of Appeals denied the
Government's request to stay the sweeping relief. The Government
Page Proof Pending Publication
argues that the District Courts lacked equitable authority to impose
universal relief and has fled three nearly identical emergency applica-
tions seeking partial stays to limit the preliminary injunctions to the
plaintiffs in each case. The applications do not raise -- and thus the
Court does not address -- the question whether the Executive Order vio-
lates the Citizenship Clause or Nationality Act. Instead, the issue the
Court decides is whether, under the Judiciary Act of 1789, federal courts
have equitable authority to issue universal injunctions.
Held: Universal injunctions likely exceed the equitable authority that Con-
gress has given to federal courts. The Court grants the Government's
applications for a partial stay of the injunctions entered below, but only
to the extent that the injunctions are broader than necessary to provide
complete relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue. Pp. 839 -- 862.
(a) The issue raised by these applications -- whether Congress has
granted federal courts authority to universally enjoin the enforcement
of an executive order -- plainly warrants this Court's review. On multi-
ple occasions, and across administrations, the Solicitor General has

*Together with No. 24A885, Trump, President of the United States,
et al. v. Washington et al., and No. 24A886, Trump, President of the
United States, et al. v. New Jersey et al., also on applications for partial
stays.
832 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Syllabus

asked the Court to consider the propriety of this expansive remedy. As
the number of universal injunctions has increased over the years, so too
has the importance of the issue. Pp. 839 -- 840.
(b) The Government is likely to succeed on the merits of its claim that
the District Courts lacked authority to issue universal injunctions. See
Nken v. Holder, (holding that for a stay application to
be granted, the applicant must make a strong showing of likelihood of
success on the merits). The issuance of a universal injunction can be
justifed only as an exercise of equitable authority, yet Congress has
granted federal courts no such power. The Judiciary Act of 1789 en-
dowed federal courts with jurisdiction over "all suits... in equity,",
1 Stat. 78, and still today, this statute "is what authorizes the federal
courts to issue equitable remedies," S. Bray & E. Sherwin, Remedies
442. This Court has held that the statutory grant encompasses only
those sorts of equitable remedies "traditionally accorded by courts of
equity" at our country's inception. Grupo Mexicano de Desarrollo,
S. A. v. Alliance Bond Fund, Inc.,.
Universal injunctions are not suffciently "analogous" to any relief
available in the court of equity in England at the time of the founding.
Id., at 318 -- 319. Equity offered a mechanism for the Crown "to secure
justice where it would not be secured by the ordinary and existing proc-
Page Proof Pending Publication
esses of law." G. Adams, The Origin of English Equity, 16 Colum.
L. Rev. 87, 91. This "judicial prerogative of the King" thus extended
to "those causes which the ordinary judges were incapable of determin-
ing." 1 J. Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, p. 27. Eventually, the
Crown instituted the "practice of delegating the cases" that "came be-
fore" the judicial prerogative "to the chancellor for his sole decision."
Id., at 28. The "general rule in Equity [was] that all persons mate-
rially interested [in the suit were] to be made parties to it." J. Story,
Commentaries on Equity Pleadings, p. 74. Injunctions were no
exception; there were "sometimes suits to restrain the actions of partic-
ular offcers against particular plaintiffs." S. Bray, Multiple Chancel-
lors: Reforming the National Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 425
(Bray, Multiple Chancellors). Of importance here, suits in equity were
brought by and against individual parties, and the Chancellor's remedies
were generally party specifc. See Iveson v. Harris, 7 Ves. 251, 257, 32
Eng. Rep. 102, 104 ("[Y]ou cannot have an injunction except against a
party to the suit"). In sum, under longstanding equity practice in Eng-
land, there was no remedy "remotely like a national injunction." Bray,
Multiple Chancellors 425.
Nor did founding-era courts of equity in the United States chart a
different course. If anything, the approach traditionally taken by fed-
eral courts cuts against the existence of such a sweeping remedy. Con-
 Cite as: (2025) 833

Syllabus

sider Scott v. Donald, where the plaintiff successfully challenged the
constitutionality of a law on which state offcials had relied to confscate
alcohol that the plaintiff kept for personal use. See 
(statement of case); id., at 111 -- 112 (opinion of the Court). Although the
plaintiff sought an injunction barring enforcement of the law against
both himself and anyone "whose rights [were] infringed and threatened"
by it, the Court permitted only relief benefting the named plaintiff.
Id., at 115 -- 117. In the ensuing decades, the Court consistently rebuffed
requests for relief that extended beyond the parties. See, e. g., Perkins
v. Lukens Steel Co., ; Frothingham v. Mellon, decided
with Massachusetts v. Mellon, -- 489.
The Court's early refusals to grant relief to nonparties are consistent
with the party-specifc principles that permeate the Court's understand-
ing of equity. "[N]either declaratory nor injunctive relief," the Court
has said, "can directly interfere with enforcement of contested statutes
or ordinances except with respect to the particular federal plaintiffs."
Doran v. Salem Inn, Inc.,. In fact, universal injunc-
tions were conspicuously nonexistent for most of the Nation's history.
Their absence from 18th and 19th century equity practice settles the
question of judicial authority.

Page Proof Pending Publication
While "equity is fexible," Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 322, the
Court's precedent emphasizes that its "fexibility is confned within the
broad boundaries of traditional equitable relief." Ibid. Because the
universal injunction lacks a historical pedigree, it falls outside the
bounds of a federal court's equitable authority under the Judiciary Act.
Pp. 841 -- 847.
(c) Respondents' counterarguments are unavailing. Pp. 847 -- 856.
(1) In an effort to satisfy Grupo Mexicano's historical test, re-
spondents claim that universal injunctions are the modern equivalent of
the decree resulting from a "bill of peace" -- a form of group litigation in
the Court of Chancery. Respondents contend that the existence of this
historic equitable device means that federal courts have the equitable
authority to issue universal injunctions under the Judiciary Act. The
analogy, however, does not work. True, "bills of peace allowed [courts
of equity] to adjudicate the rights of members of dispersed groups with-
out formally joining them to a lawsuit through the usual procedures."
Arizona v. Biden, 40 F. 4th 375, 397 (Sutton, C. J., concurring). Unlike
universal injunctions, however, which reach anyone affected by execu-
tive or legislative action, bills of peace involved a "group [that] was small
and cohesive." Bray, Multiple Chancellors 426. And unlike universal
injunctions, which bind only the parties to the suit, decrees resulting
from a bill of peace "would bind all members of the group, whether they
834 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Syllabus

were present in the action or not." 7A C. Wright, A. Miller, & M. Kane,
Federal Practice and Procedure, p. 10.
The bill of peace lives in modern form, but not as the universal injunc-
tion. It is instead analogous to the modern class action -- which, in fed-
eral court, is governed by Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Proce-
dure. See ibid. Rule 23 requires numerosity (such that joinder is
impracticable), common questions of law or fact, typicality, and repre-
sentative parties who adequately protect the interests of the class.
Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(a). The requirements for a bill of peace were
virtually identical. See 7A Wright, Federal Practice and Procedure, at 10, and. By forging a shortcut to relief that benefts
parties and nonparties alike, universal injunctions impermissibly cir-
cumvent Rule 23's procedural protections. Pp. 847 -- 850.
(2) Respondents contend that universal injunctions -- or at least
these universal injunctions -- are simply an application of the principle
that a court of equity may fashion a remedy that awards complete relief.
But "complete relief " is not synonymous with "universal relief." It is
a narrower concept, long embraced in the equitable tradition, that allows
courts to "administer complete relief between the parties." Kinney-
Coastal Oil Co. v. Kieffer,. To be

Page Proof Pending Publication
sure, party-specifc injunctions sometimes "advantag[e] nonparties,"
Trump v. Hawaii, (Thomas, J., concurring), but they
do so only incidentally.
Here, prohibiting enforcement of the Executive Order against the
child of an individual pregnant plaintiff will give that plaintiff complete
relief: Her child will not be denied citizenship. And extending the in-
junction to cover everyone similarly situated would not render her relief
any more complete. So the individual and associational respondents
are wrong to characterize the universal injunction as simply an applica-
tion of the complete-relief principle. The inquiry is more complicated
for the state respondents, because the relevant injunction does not pur-
port to directly beneft nonparties. Instead, the District Court for the
District of Massachusetts decided that a universal injunction was neces-
sary to provide the States themselves complete relief. As the States
see it, their harms -- fnancial injuries and the administrative burdens
fowing from citizen-dependent benefts programs -- cannot be remedied
without a blanket ban on the enforcement of the Executive Order.
Children often move across state lines or are born outside their parents'
State of residence. Given the cross-border fow, the States say, a
"patchwork injunction" would prove unworkable for the provision of
certain federally funded benefts. The Government retorts that even if
the injunction is designed to beneft only the States, it is "more burden-
some than necessary to redress" their asserted harms, see Califano v.
 Cite as: (2025) 835

Syllabus

Yamasaki, and that narrower relief is appropriate.
The Court declines to take up these arguments in the frst instance.
The lower courts should determine whether a narrower injunction is
appropriate, so we leave it to them to consider these and any related
arguments. Pp. 850 -- 854.
(3) Respondents defend universal injunctions as a matter of policy;
the Government advances policy arguments running the other way. As
with most questions of law, the policy pros and cons are beside the point.
Under the Court's well-established precedent, see Grupo Mexicano, 527
U. S., at 319, because universal injunctions lack a founding-era forebear,
federal courts lack authority to issue them. Pp. 854 -- 856.
(d) To obtain interim relief, the Government must show that it is
likely to suffer irreparable harm absent a stay. Nken, 556 U. S., at 434 -- 
435. When a federal court enters a universal injunction against the
Government, it "improper[ly] intru[des]" on "a coordinate branch of the
Government" and prevents the Government from enforcing its policies
against nonparties. INS v. Legalization Assistance Project of Los
Angeles County Federation of Labor, (O'Connor, J.,
in chambers); see also Maryland v. King, (Roberts,
C. J., in chambers) (" `[A]ny time a State is enjoined by a court from
effectuating statutes enacted by representatives of its people, it suffers
Page Proof Pending Publication
a form of irreparable injury' " ). The Court's
practice also demonstrates that an applicant need not show it will pre-
vail on the underlying merits when it seeks a stay on a threshold issue.
See, e. g., Gutierrez v. Saenz, ; Offce of Personnel Manage-
ment v. American Federation of Government Employees, 604 U. S. -- -- -- .
The Government here is likely to suffer irreparable harm from the Dis-
trict Courts' entry of injunctions that likely exceed the authority con-
ferred by the Judiciary Act. And the balance of equities does not coun-
sel against awarding the Government interim relief: A partial stay will
cause no harm to respondents because they will remain protected by
the preliminary injunctions to the extent necessary and appropriate to
afford them complete relief. Pp. 859 -- 861.
(e) When a court concludes that the Executive Branch has acted un-
lawfully, the answer is not for the court to exceed its power, too. The
Government's applications for partial stays of the preliminary injunc-
tions are granted, but only to the extent that the injunctions are broader
than necessary to provide complete relief to each plaintiff with standing
to sue. Pp. 861 -- 862.
Applications for partial stays granted.

Barrett, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Alito, Gorsuch, and Kavanaugh, JJ., joined.
Thomas, J., fled a concurring opinion, in which Gorsuch, J., joined, post,
836 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Syllabus

p. 862. Alito, J., fled a concurring opinion, in which Thomas, J., joined,
post, p. 866. Kavanaugh, J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 868. So-
tomayor, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Kagan and Jackson, JJ.,
joined, post, p. 879. Jackson, J., fled a dissenting opinion, post, p. 921.

Solicitor General Sauer argued the cause for applicants in
all cases.
Jeremy Feigenbaum, Solicitor General of New Jersey, ar-
gued the cause for state and city respondents.
K e l s i B. Co r k r a n a r g u e d t h e c a u s e f o r p r i v a t e
respondents.†

†Briefs of amici curiae urging the denial of the applications were fled
in all cases for B. A. M. N. (The Coalition to Defend Affrmative Action
et al.) by Shanta Driver; for Common Cause by Gregory L. Diskant; for
Local Governments et al. by Jonathan Miller, David R. Gault, Atleen
Kaur, John P. Markovs, Christian D. Menefee, and Lyndsey M. Olson; for
the Restaurant Law Center et al. by Angelo I. Amador, Thomas Ward,
Gabriel K. Gillett, Elizabeth Gaudio Milito, and Karen R. Harned; for
Scholars of Consitutional Law and Immigration by Elizabeth B. Wydra
Page Proof Pending Publication
and Brianne J. Gorod; for the Student Political Research Initiative for
New Governance (SPRING) et al. by Zachary Wolfe; for Gabriel J. Chin
et al. by Darryl M. Woo and Neel Chatterjee; for Suzette Malveaux et al.
by Suzette Malveaux, pro se; for Alan B. Morrison, pro se; and for Mila
Sohoni by Kevin K. Russell and Daniel Woofter.
Briefs of amici curiae urging the grant of the applications were fled in
all cases for the State of Iowa et al. by Brenna Bird, Attorney General of
Iowa, and Eric Wessan, Solicitor General, and by the Attorneys General
for their respective States as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Tim
Griffn of Arkansas, James Uthmeier of Florida, Raúl R. Labrador of
Idaho, Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana, Kris Kobach of Kansas, Liz Murrill
of Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Andrew T. Bailey of Missouri,
Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Drew Wrig-
ley of North Dakota, Dave Yost of Ohio, Gentner Drummond of Oklahoma,
Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Marty Jackley of South Dakota, Ken Pax-
ton of Texas, Derek E. Brown of Utah, and Bridget Hill of Wyoming; for
the State of West Virginia by John B. McCuskey, Attorney General of
West Virginia, Michael Williams, Solicitor General, Jay Alan Sekulow,
Jordan A. Sekulow, Stuart J. Roth, Donn S. Parsons, Walter M. Weber,
and Liam R. Harrell; for America's Future et al. by William J. Olson,
Jeremiah L. Morgan, Robert J. Olson, John C. Eastman, Alexander Ha-
berbush, Michael Boos, Richard B. Sanders, Kerry L. Morgan, John
 Cite as: (2025) 837

Opinion of the Court

Justice Barrett delivered the opinion of the Court.
The United States has fled three emergency applications
challenging the scope of a federal court's authority to enjoin
Government offcials from enforcing an executive order.
Traditionally, courts issued injunctions prohibiting executive
offcials from enforcing a challenged law or policy only
against the plaintiffs in the lawsuit. The injunctions before
us today refect a more recent development: district courts
asserting the power to prohibit enforcement of a law or pol-
icy against anyone. These injunctions -- known as "univer-
sal injunctions" -- likely exceed the equitable authority that
Congress has granted to federal courts.1 We therefore

I. Harris III, Mark J. Fitzgibbons, Jeffrey C. Tuomala, Patrick M. Mc-
Sweeney, J. Mark Brewer, Joseph W. Miller, and Phillip L. Jauregui;
for the Claremont Institute's Center for Constitutional Jurisprudence
by John C. Eastman and Alexander Haberbush; for the Immigration Re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
form Law Institute by Christopher J. Hajec; for Members of Congress
by R. Trent McCotter, Daniel Z. Epstein, and Joel B. Ard; for Edwin
Meese III by J. Christian Adams; and for Joshua Steinman by Judd E.
Stone II.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled in all cases for the State of Tennessee
by Jonathan Skrmetti, Attorney General of Tennessee, J. Matthew Rice,
Solicitor General, and Whitney D. Hermandorfer; for Members of the U. S.
Congress by Jonathan Weinberg; for the National Immigrant Justice
Center by Charles Roth; for Corey J. Biazzo, pro se; for David Boyle, pro
se; for William T. Dickson, pro se; for G. Antaeus B. Edelsohn by Joan
Deborah B. Edelsohn; and for James E. Pfander, pro se, by Jeffrey T.
Green.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled in No. 24A884 for the Chamber of
Commerce of the United States of America by Elbert Lin, Erica N. Pe-
terson, and Jennifer B. Dickey; and for Legal Historians by Virginia
Grace Davis.
1
Such injunctions are sometimes called "nationwide injunctions," re-
fecting their use by a single district court to bar the enforcement of a law
anywhere in the Nation. But the term "universal" better captures how
these injunctions work. Even a traditional, parties-only injunction can
apply beyond the jurisdiction of the issuing court. Steele v. Bulova Watch
Co., (1952) (When "exercising its equity powers," a dis-
838 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

grant the Government's applications to partially stay the in-
junctions entered below.
I
The applications before us concern three overlapping, uni-
versal preliminary injunctions entered by three different
District Courts. See 763 F. Supp. 3d 723 (Md. 2025), appeal
pending, No. 25 -- 1153 (CA4); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142 (WD Wash.
2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 807 (CA9); Doe v. Trump, 766
F. Supp. 3d 266 (Mass. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1170
(CA1). The plaintiffs -- individuals, organizations, and
States -- sought to enjoin the implementation and enforce-
ment of President Trump's Executive Order No. 14160.2
See Protecting the Meaning and Value of American Citizen-
ship, 90 Fed. Reg. 8449 (2025). The Executive Order identi-
fes circumstances in which a person born in the United
States is not "subject to the jurisdiction thereof " and is thus
not recognized as an American citizen. See ibid. Specif-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cally, it sets forth the "policy of the United States" to no
longer issue or accept documentation of citizenship in two
scenarios: "(1) when [a] person's mother was unlawfully pres-
ent in the United States and the person's father was not a
United States citizen or lawful permanent resident at the
time of said person's birth, or (2) when [a] person's mother's

trict court "may command persons properly before it to cease or perform
acts outside its territorial jurisdiction"). The difference between a tradi-
tional injunction and a universal injunction is not so much where it applies,
but whom it protects: A universal injunction prohibits the Government
from enforcing the law against anyone, anywhere. H. Wasserman, "Na-
tionwide" Injunctions Are Really "Universal" Injunctions and They Are
Never Appropriate, 22 Lewis & Clark L. Rev. 335, 338 (2018).
2
The Government does not dispute -- nor could it -- that the individual
plaintiffs have standing to sue. But it argues that the States lack third-
party standing because their claims rest exclusively on the rights of indi-
viduals. Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884, pp. 28 -- 
32. It also challenges the District Courts' authority to grant relief to the
organizations' members who are not identifed in the complaints. See id.,
at 22. We do not address these arguments.
 Cite as: (2025) 839

Opinion of the Court

presence in the United States was lawful but temporary, and
the person's father was not a United States citizen or lawful
permanent resident at the time of said person's birth."
Ibid. The Executive Order also provides for a 30-day ramp-
up period. During that time, the order directs executive
agencies to develop and issue public guidance regarding the
order's implementation. See id., at 8449 -- 8450.
The plaintiffs fled suit, alleging that the Executive Order
violates the Fourteenth Amendment's Citizenship Clause, as well as of the Nationality Act of 1940, 54 Stat.
1138 (codifed at 8 U. S. C. ). In each case, the District
Court concluded that the Executive Order is likely unlawful
and entered a universal preliminary injunction barring vari-
ous executive offcials from applying the policy to anyone in
the country. And in each case, the Court of Appeals denied
the Government's request to stay the sweeping relief. See
2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025); 2025 WL 553485 (CA9,
Feb. 19, 2025); 131 F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025).
Page Proof Pending Publication
The Government has now fled three nearly identical appli-
cations seeking to partially stay the universal preliminary
injunctions and limit them to the parties. See Application
for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884; Application for
Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A885; Application for Par-
tial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A886.3 The applications do
not raise -- and thus we do not address -- the question
whether the Executive Order violates the Citizenship Clause
or Nationality Act. The issue before us is one of remedy:
whether, under the Judiciary Act of 1789, federal courts have
equitable authority to issue universal injunctions.
II
The question whether Congress has granted federal courts
the authority to universally enjoin the enforcement of an ex-
ecutive or legislative policy plainly warrants our review, as
3
Because the applications are materially identical, we cite only the appli-
cation in No. 24A884 throughout the rest of the opinion.
840 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Members of this Court have repeatedly emphasized. See,
e. g., McHenry v. Texas Top Cop Shop, Inc., 604 U. S. -- -- -- , -- -- -- 
(2025) (Gorsuch, J., concurring in grant of stay) ("I would... take this case now to resolve defnitively the question
whether a district court may issue universal injunctive re-
lief "); Labrador v. Poe, (2024) (Gorsuch,
J., joined by Thomas and Alito, JJ., concurring in grant of
stay) ("[T]he propriety of universal injunctive relief [is] a
question of great signifcance that has been in need of the
Court's attention for some time"); Griffn v. HM Florida-
ORL, LLC, 601 U. S. -- -- -- , -- -- -- (2023) (statement of Kava-
naugh, J., joined by Barrett, J., except as to footnote 1,
respecting denial of application for stay) (Universal injunc-
tions present "an important question that could warrant our
review in the future"); Trump v. Hawaii, 
(2018) (Thomas, J., concurring) ("If [universal injunctions']
popularity continues, this Court must address their legal-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ity"). On multiple occasions, and across administrations, the
Solicitor General has asked us to consider the propriety of
this expansive remedy. See, e. g., Application for Stay of In-
junction in McHenry v. Texas Top Cop Shop, Inc., O. T. 2024,
No. 24A653 (Biden administration); Brief for Petitioners in
Trump v. Hawaii, O. T. 2017, No. 17 -- 965 (frst Trump
administration).
It is easy to see why. By the end of the Biden administra-
tion, we had reached "a state of affairs where almost every
major presidential act [was] immediately frozen by a federal
district court." W. Baude & S. Bray, Comment, Proper Par-
ties, Proper Relief, 137 Harv. L. Rev. 153, 174 (2023). The
trend has continued: During the frst 100 days of the second
Trump administration, district courts issued approximately
25 universal injunctions. Congressional Research Service,
J. Lampe, Nationwide Injunctions in the First Hundred Days
of the Second Trump Administration 1 (May 16, 2025). As
the number of universal injunctions has increased, so too has
the importance of the issue.
 Cite as: (2025) 841

Opinion of the Court

III
A
The Government is likely to succeed on the merits of its
argument regarding the scope of relief. See Nken v. Holder,
(2009) (holding that for a stay application
to be granted, the applicant must make " `a strong showing
that [it] is likely to succeed on the merits' "). A universal
injunction can be justifed only as an exercise of equitable
authority, yet Congress has granted federal courts no such
power.4
The Judiciary Act of 1789 endowed federal courts with ju-
risdiction over "all suits... in equity,", 1 Stat. 78, and
still today, this statute "is what authorizes the federal courts
to issue equitable remedies," S. Bray & E. Sherwin, Reme-
dies 442 (4th ed. 2024). Though fexible, this equitable au-
thority is not freewheeling. We have held that the statutory
grant encompasses only those sorts of equitable remedies
Page Proof Pending Publication
"traditionally accorded by courts of equity" at our country's
inception. Grupo Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v. Alliance
Bond Fund, Inc., (1999); see also, e. g.,
Payne v. Hook, 7 Wall. 425, 430 (1869) ("The equity jurisdic-
tion conferred on the Federal courts is the same that the
High Court of Chancery in England possesses").5 We must
therefore ask whether universal injunctions are suffciently
"analogous" to the relief issued " `by the High Court of
Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of the

4
Our decision rests solely on the statutory authority that federal courts
possess under the Judiciary Act of 1789. We express no view on the Gov-
ernment's argument that Article III forecloses universal relief.
5
See also Guaranty Trust Co. v. York, (1945) ("[T]he
federal courts [have] no power that they would not have had in any event
when courts were given `cognizance,' by the frst Judiciary Act, of suits
`in equity' "); Boyle v. Zacharie & Turner, 6 Pet. 648, 658 (1832) ("[T]he
settled doctrine of this court is, that the remedies in equity are to be
administered, not according to the state practice, but according to the
practice of courts of equity in the parent country").
842 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Constitution and the enactment of the original Judiciary
Act.' " Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 318 -- 319 ).
The answer is no: Neither the universal injunction nor any
analogous form of relief was available in the High Court of
Chancery in England at the time of the founding. Equity
offered a mechanism for the Crown "to secure justice where
it would not be secured by the ordinary and existing proc-
esses of law." G. Adams, The Origin of English Equity, 16
Colum. L. Rev. 87, 91 (1916). This "judicial prerogative of
the King" thus extended to "those causes which the ordinary
judges were incapable of determining." 1 J. Pomeroy, Eq-
uity Jurisprudence, p. 27 (1881). Eventually, the Crown
instituted the "practice of delegating the cases" that "came
before" the judicial prerogative "to the chancellor for his sole
decision." Id., at 28. This "became the common mode
Page Proof Pending Publication
of dealing with such controversies." Ibid.
Of importance here, suits in equity were brought by and
against individual parties. Indeed, the "general rule in Eq-
uity [was] that all persons materially interested [in the suit
were] to be made parties to it." J. Story, Commentaries on
Equity Pleadings, p. 74 (2d ed. 1840) (Story). Injunc-
tions were no exception; there were "sometimes suits to re-
strain the actions of particular offcers against particular
plaintiffs." S. Bray, Multiple Chancellors: Reforming the
National Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 425 (2017) (Bray,
Multiple Chancellors). And in certain
cases, the "Attorney General could be a defendant." Ibid.
The Chancellor's remedies were also typically party specifc.
"As a general rule, an injunction" could not bind one who
was not a "party to the cause." F. Calvert, Suits in Equity
120 (2d ed. 1847); see also Iveson v. Harris, 7 Ves. 251, 257,
32 Eng. Rep. 102, 104 (1802) ("[Y]ou cannot have an injunc-
tion except against a party to the suit"). Suffce it to say,
then, under longstanding equity practice in England, there
 Cite as: (2025) 843

Opinion of the Court

was no remedy "remotely like a national injunction." Bray,
Multiple Chancellors 425.
Nor did founding-era courts of equity in the United States
chart a different course. See 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurispru-
dence, at 33 -- 34. If anything, the approach traditionally
taken by federal courts cuts against the existence of such
a sweeping remedy. Consider Scott v. Donald, where the
plaintiff successfully challenged the constitutionality of a law
on which state offcials had relied to confscate alcohol that
the plaintiff kept for personal use. See 
(1897) (statement of case); id., at 111 -- 112 (opinion of the
Court). Although the plaintiff sought an injunction barring
enforcement of the law against both himself and anyone else
"whose rights [were] infringed and threatened" by it, this
Court permitted only a narrower decree between "the par-
ties named as plaintiff and defendants in the bill." Id., at
115 -- 117.6
Page Proof Pending Publication
In the ensuing decades, we consistently rebuffed requests
for relief that extended beyond the parties. See, e. g., Per-
kins v. Lukens Steel Co., (1940) ("The bene-
fts of [the court's] injunction" improperly extended "to bid-
ders throughout the Nation who were not parties to any
proceeding, who were not before the court[,] and who had

6
Though the principal dissent claims otherwise, we do not treat Scott
as "dispositive." Post, at 905 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.). Under Grupo
Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v. Alliance Bond Fund, Inc., (1999), the lack of a historical analogue is dispositive. Scott simply
illustrates that as late as 1897, this Court adhered to a party-specifc view
of relief. And while the principal dissent relies on Smyth v. Ames, (1898), as a counterexample to Scott, see post, at 905 (opinion
of Sotomayor, J.), it is unclear why. Even supporters of the universal
injunction recognize that "the decree [that Smyth] affrmed did not reach
beyond the parties." M. Sohoni, The Lost History of the "Universal" In-
junction, 133 Harv. L. Rev. 920, 939 (2020); Smyth, 169 U. S., at 476 -- 477
(statement of case) ).
844 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

sought no relief "); cf. Frothingham v. Mellon, decided with
Massachusetts v. Mellon, -- 489 (1923) (con-
cluding that the Court lacked authority to issue "preventive
relief " that would apply to people who "suffe[r] in some in-
defnite way in common with people generally"); Bray, Multi-
ple Chancellors 433 (explaining that the Frothingham analy-
sis "intertwines concepts of equity, remedies, and the judicial
power"). As Justice Nelson put it while riding circuit,
"[t]here is scarcely a suit at law, or in equity,... in which a
general statute is interpreted, that does not involve a ques-
tion in which other parties are interested." Cutting v. Gil-
bert, 6 F. Cas. 1079, 1080 (No. 3,519) (CC SDNY 1865). But
to allow all persons subject to the statute to be treated as
parties to a lawsuit "would confound the established order of
judicial proceedings." Ibid.
Our early refusals to grant relief to nonparties are consist-
ent with the party-specifc principles that permeate our un-
Page Proof Pending Publication
derstanding of equity. "[N]either declaratory nor injunctive
relief," we have said, "can directly interfere with enforce-
ment of contested statutes or ordinances except with respect
to the particular federal plaintiffs." Doran v. Salem Inn,
Inc., (1975); see also Gregory v. Stetson,
(1890) ("It is an elementary principle that
a court cannot adjudicate directly upon a person's right with-
out having him either actually or constructively before it.
This principle is fundamental"); Baude & Bray, 137 Harv.
L. Rev., at 168 (noting the "party-specifc understanding of
what equitable remedies do").
In fact, universal injunctions were not a feature of federal-
court litigation until sometime in the 20th century. See
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 448 -- 452 (discussing various ra-
tionales for the birth of the universal injunction); see also
Application in No. 24A884, at 17 -- 18. The D. C. Circuit is-
sued what some regard as the frst universal injunction in
1963. See Wirtz v. Baldor Elec. Co., 337 F. 2d 518, 535 (en-
joining the Secretary of Labor "with respect to the entire
 Cite as: (2025) 845

Opinion of the Court

[electric motors and generators] industry," not just the
named plaintiffs to the lawsuit).7 Yet such injunctions re-
mained rare until the turn of the 21st century, when their
use gradually accelerated. See Bray, Multiple Chancellors
439 -- 443 (referencing Flast v. Cohen, (1968), and
Harlem Valley Transp. Assn. v. Stafford, 360 F. Supp. 1057
(SDNY 1973)). One study identifed approximately 127 uni-
versal injunctions issued between 1963 and 2023. See Dis-
trict Court Reform: Nationwide Injunctions, 137 Harv.
L. Rev. 1701, 1705 (2024). Ninety-six of them -- over three
quarters -- were issued during the administrations of Presi-
dent George W. Bush, President Obama, President Trump,
and President Biden. Ibid.
The bottom line? The universal injunction was conspicu-
ously nonexistent for most of our Nation's history. Its ab-
sence from 18th- and 19th-century equity practice settles the
question of judicial authority.8 See Grupo Mexicano, 527

Page
7
Proof
There is some Pending
dispute about whether WirtzPublication
was the frst universal
injunction. Professor Mila Sohoni points to other possible 20th-century
examples, including West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, 
(1943), Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925), and Lewis Publish-
ing Co. v. Morgan, (1913). See Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev., at
943; Brief for Professor Mila Sohoni as Amica Curiae 3; see also post, at
898 -- 899 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.). But see M. Morley, Disaggregating
the History of Nationwide Injunctions: A Response to Professor Sohoni,
72 Ala. L. Rev. 239, 252 -- 256 (2020) (disputing these examples). Regard-
less, under any account, universal injunctions postdated the founding by
more than a century -- and under Grupo Mexicano, equitable authority
exercised under the Judiciary Act must derive from founding-era practice.
527 U. S., at 319. It also bears emphasis that none of these cases ad-
dresses the propriety of universal relief. Like a "drive-by-jurisdictional
rulin[g]," implicit acquiescence to a broad remedy "ha[s] no precedential ef-
fect." Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, (1998).
8
The principal dissent faults us for failing to identify a single founding-
era case in which this Court held that universal injunctions exceed a federal
court's equitable authority. See post, at 905 -- 906 (opinion of Sotomayor,
J.). But this absence only bolsters our case. That this Court had no occa-
sion to reject the universal injunction as inconsistent with traditional eq-
uity practice merely demonstrates that no party even bothered to ask for
846 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

U. S., at 318 -- 319. That the absence continued into the 20th
century renders any claim of historical pedigree still more
implausible. Even during the "deluge of constitutional liti-
gation that occurred in the wake of Ex parte Young, through-
out the Lochner Era, and at the dawn of the New Deal,"
universal injunctions were nowhere to be found. M. Morley,
Disaggregating the History of Nationwide Injunctions: A
Response to Professor Sohoni, 72 Ala. L. Rev. 239, 252 (2020)
(footnotes omitted). Had federal courts believed themselves
to possess the tool, surely they would not have let it lie idle.
Faced with this timeline, the principal dissent accuses us
of "misunderstand[ing] the nature of equity" as being "fr[o-
zen] in amber... at the time of the Judiciary Act." Post,
at 906 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.). Not so. We said it be-
fore, see supra, at 841, and say it again: "[E]quity is fexible."
Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 322. At the same time, its
"fexibility is confned within the broad boundaries of tradi-
tional equitable relief." 9 Ibid. A modern device need not
Page Proof Pending Publication
such a sweeping remedy -- because no court would have entertained the
request. Cf. Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 332 ("[E]quitable powers con-
ferred by the Judiciary Act of 1789 did not include the power to create
remedies previously unknown to equity jurisprudence").
9
Notwithstanding Grupo Mexicano, the principal dissent invokes Ex
parte Young, (1908), as support for the proposition that eq-
uity can encompass remedies that have "no analogue in the relief exercised
in the English Court of Chancery," because Ex parte Young permits plain-
tiffs to "obtain plaintiff-protective injunctions against Government off-
cials," and the English Court of Chancery "could not enjoin the Crown or
English offcers," post, at 907 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.). But contrary
to the principal dissent's suggestion, Ex parte Young does not say -- either
explicitly or implicitly -- that courts may devise novel remedies that have
no background in traditional equitable practice. Historically, a court of
equity could issue an antisuit injunction to prevent an offcer from engag-
ing in tortious conduct. Ex parte Young justifes its holding by reference
to a long line of cases authorizing suits against state offcials in certain
circumstances. See 209 U. S., at 150 -- 152 ; Governor of Georgia v. Madrazo, 1
Pet. 110 (1828); and Davis v. Gray, 16 Wall. 203 (1873)). Support for the
principal dissent's approach is found not in Ex parte Young, but in Justice
Ginsburg's partial dissent in Grupo Mexicano, which eschews the govern-
 Cite as: (2025) 847

Opinion of the Court

have an exact historical match, but under Grupo Mexicano,
it must have a founding-era antecedent. And neither the
universal injunction nor a suffciently comparable predeces-
sor was available from a court of equity at the time of our
country's inception. See id., at 333. Because the universal
injunction lacks a historical pedigree, it falls outside the
bounds of a federal court's equitable authority under the Ju-
diciary Act.10 See id., at 318 -- 319.
B
Respondents raise several counterarguments, which the
principal dissent echoes. First, they insist that the univer-
sal injunction has a suffcient historical analogue: a decree
resulting from a bill of peace. Second, they maintain that
universal injunctions are consistent with the principle that a
court of equity may fashion complete relief for the parties.
Third, they argue that universal injunctions serve important
policy objectives.
Page Proof Pending Publication1
In an effort to satisfy Grupo Mexicano's historical test,
respondents claim that universal injunctive relief does have
a founding-era forebear: the decree obtained on a "bill of
peace," which was a form of group litigation permitted
in English courts. See Opposition to Application in No.
24A884 (CASA), pp. 30 -- 31; see also Brief for Professor Mila
Sohoni as Amica Curiae 6 -- 8. This bill allowed the Chancel-
lor to consolidate multiple suits that involved a "common
claim the plaintiff could have against multiple defendants" or
"some kind of common claim that multiple plaintiffs could
have against a single defendant." Bray, Multiple Chancel-
lors 426; see How v. Tenants of Bromsgrove, 1 Vern. 22, 23

ing historical approach in favor of "[a] dynamic equity jurisprudence."
527 U. S., at 337 (opinion concurring in part and dissenting in part).
10
Nothing we say today resolves the distinct question whether the Ad-
ministrative Procedure Act authorizes federal courts to vacate federal
agency action. See 5 U. S. C. (authorizing courts to "hold unlaw-
ful and set aside agency action").
848 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Eng. Rep. 277 (1681) (suit by a lord against his tenants collec-
tively); Brown v. Vermuden, 1 Ch. Ca. 283, 22 Eng. Rep. 802
(1676), and Brown v. Vermuden, 1 Ch. Ca. 272, 22 Eng. Rep.
796 (1676) (suit by a parson against lead miners in a parish,
who named four of their members to defend the suit in a
representative capacity). Universal injunctions are analo-
gous to this traditional equitable device, respondents say, so
federal courts have authority under the Judiciary Act to
issue them.
The analogy does not work. True, "bills of peace allowed
[courts of equity] to adjudicate the rights of members of dis-
persed groups without formally joining them to a lawsuit
through the usual procedures." Arizona v. Biden, 40 F. 4th
375, 397 (CA6 2022) (Sutton, C. J., concurring); see Story
-- 135 (discussing representative suits). Even so, their
use was confned to limited circumstances. See 7A C.
Wright, A. Miller, & M. Kane, Federal Practice and Proce-
Page Proof Pending Publication
dure, p. 10, and (4th ed. 2021) ). Unlike
universal injunctions, which reach anyone affected by legis-
lative or executive action -- no matter how large the group or
how tangential the effect -- a bill of peace involved a "group
[that] was small and cohesive," and the suit did not "resolve a
question of legal interpretation for the entire realm." Bray,
Multiple Chancellors 426. And unlike universal injunctions,
which bind only the parties to the suit, decrees obtained on
a bill of peace "would bind all members of the group, whether
they were present in the action or not." 7A Wright, Federal
Practice and Procedure, at 10; see Smith v. Sworm-
stedt, 16 How. 288, 303 (1854) (When "a court of equity per-
mits a portion of the parties in interest to represent the en-
tire body... the decree binds all of them the same as if all
were before the court"); see also Story ("[I]n most, if
not in all, cases of this sort, the decree obtained upon such a
Bill will ordinarily be held binding upon all other persons
standing in the same predicament"). As Chief Judge Sutton
 Cite as: (2025) 849

Opinion of the Court

aptly put it, "[t]he domesticated animal known as a bill of
peace looks nothing like the dragon of nationwide injunc-
tions." Arizona, 40 F. 4th, at 397 (concurring opinion).
The bill of peace lives in modern form, but not as the uni-
versal injunction. It evolved into the modern class action,
which is governed in federal court by Rule 23 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure. 7A Wright, Federal Practice and
Procedure, at 10 ("It was the English bill of peace that
developed into what is now known as the class action"); see
Hansberry v. Lee, (1940) ("The class suit was
an invention of equity"). And while Rule 23 is in some ways
"more restrictive of representative suits than the original
bills of peace," Rodgers v. Bryant, 942 F. 3d 451, 464 (CA8
2019) (Stras, J., concurring), it would still be recognizable to
an English Chancellor. Rule 23 requires numerosity (such
that joinder is impracticable), common questions of law or
fact, typicality, and representative parties who adequately
Page Proof Pending Publication
protect the interests of the class. Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(a).
The requirements for a bill of peace were virtually identical.
See 7A Wright, Federal Practice and Procedure, at 10,
and. None
of these requirements is a prerequisite for a universal
injunction.
Rule 23's limits on class actions underscore a signifcant
problem with universal injunctions. A " `properly con-
ducted class action,' " we have said, "can come about in fed-
eral courts in just one way -- through the procedure set out
in Rule 23." Smith v. Bayer Corp., (2011);
Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(a) ("One or more members of a class
may sue or be sued as representative parties on behalf of
all members only if " Rule 23(a)'s requirements are satisfed
). Yet by forging a shortcut to relief that
benefts parties and nonparties alike, universal injunctions
circumvent Rule 23's procedural protections and allow
" `courts to "create de facto class actions at will." ' " Smith,
564 U. S., at 315 ). Why bother with a Rule 23 class action when
the quick fx of a universal injunction is on the table? Cf.
Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 330 -- 331 ("Why go through the
trouble of complying with local attachment and garnishment
statutes when this all-purpose prejudgment injunction is
available?"). The principal dissent's suggestion that these
suits could have satisfed Rule 23's requirements simply
proves that universal injunctions are a class-action work-
around. Post, at 902 -- 903 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.).
The taxpayer suit is a similarly inadequate historical anal-
ogy. Contra, post, at 901 -- 902. In a successful taxpayer
suit, a court would enjoin the collection of an unlawful tax
against "taxpayers joined as co-plaintiffs, or by one taxpayer
suing on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated."
1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 277. To be sure,
some state courts would occasionally "enjoin the enforce-
ment and collection" of taxes against an "entire community,"
even when a "single taxpayer su[ed] on his own account."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Id., at 277 -- 278. But the practice of extending relief "with
respect to any taxpayer" was not adopted by state courts
until the mid-19th century, and even then, not all states were
willing to provide such sweeping relief. See Bray, Multiple
Chancellors 427. This post-founding practice of some state
courts thus sheds minimal light on federal courts' equitable
authority under the Judiciary Act. What is more, in Froth-
ingham, we refused to allow a single taxpayer to challenge
a federal appropriations act. 262 U. S., at 486 -- 487. That
counsels against placing much, if any, reliance on taxpayer
suits as justifcation for the modern universal injunction.

2
Respondents contend that universal injunctions -- or at
least these universal injunctions -- are consistent with the
principle that a court of equity may fashion a remedy that
awards complete relief. See Opposition to Application in
No. 24A884 (CASA), at 22 -- 25; Opposition to Application in
 Cite as: (2025) 851

Opinion of the Court

No. 24A885 (Washington), pp. 28 -- 32; Opposition to Applica-
tion in No. 24A886 (New Jersey), pp. 31 -- 39. We agree that
the complete-relief principle has deep roots in equity. But
to the extent respondents argue that it justifes the award
of relief to nonparties, they are mistaken.11
"Complete relief " is not synonymous with "universal re-
lief." It is a narrower concept: The equitable tradition has
long embraced the rule that courts generally "may adminis-
ter complete relief between the parties." Kinney-Coastal
Oil Co. v. Kieffer, (1928).
While party-specifc injunctions sometimes "advantag[e]
nonparties," Trump, 585 U. S., at 717 (Thomas, J., concur-
ring), they do so only incidentally.
Consider an archetypal case: a nuisance in which one
neighbor sues another for blasting loud music at all hours of
the night. To afford the plaintiff complete relief, the court
has only one feasible option: order the defendant to turn her

Page
11
Proof
Justice Jackson, Pending
for her Publication
part, thinks the "premise" that universal
injunctions provide relief to nonparties is "suspect" because, in her view,
"[n]onparties may beneft from an injunction, but only the plaintiff gets
relief." Post, at 928 -- 929, (dissenting opinion). The availability of
contempt proceedings suggests otherwise. Consider the civil contempt
context. Under "traditional principles of equity practice," courts may
"impos[e] civil contempt sanctions to `coerce [a] defendant into compliance'
with an injunction." Taggart v. Lorenzen, (2019) (quot-
ing United States v. Mine Workers, -- 304 (1947)). Gener-
ally, civil contempt proceedings occur between the original parties to the
lawsuit. See Gompers v. Bucks Stove & Range Co., -- 
445 (1911). But a federal court's "power in civil contempt proceedings is
determined by the requirements of full remedial relief " to "effect compli-
ance with its decree." McComb v. Jacksonville Paper Co., -- 194 (1949). And "[w]hen an order grants relief for a nonparty," as is
the case with universal injunctions, "the procedure for enforcing the order
is the same as for a party." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 71; see, e. g., Zamecnik
v. Indiana Prairie School Dist. No. 204, 636 F. 3d 874, 879 (CA7 2011).
So a nonparty covered by a universal injunction is likely to reap both the
practical beneft and the formal relief of the injunction. See M. Smith,
Only Where Justifed: Toward Limits and Explanatory Requirements for
Nationwide Injunctions, 95 Notre Dame L. Rev. 2013, 2019 (2020).
852 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

music down -- or better yet, off. That order will necessarily
beneft the defendant's surrounding neighbors too; there is
no way "to peel off just the portion of the nuisance that
harmed the plaintiff." Rodgers, 942 F. 3d, at 462 (Stras, J.,
concurring); see A. Woolhandler & C. Nelson, Does History
Defeat Standing Doctrine? 102 Mich. L. Rev. 689, 702 (2004).
But while the court's injunction might have the practical
effect of benefting nonparties, "that beneft [is] merely inci-
dental." Trump, 585 U. S., at 717 (Thomas, J., concurring);
see also 3 J. Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, pp. 380 -- 
381 (1883).12 As a matter of law, the injunction's protection
extends only to the suing plaintiff -- as evidenced by the fact
that only the plaintiff can enforce the judgment against the
defendant responsible for the nuisance. If the nuisance per-
sists, and another neighbor wants to shut it down, she must
fle her own suit.13
The individual and associational respondents are therefore
wrong to characterize the universal injunction as simply an
Page Proof Pending Publication
application of the complete-relief principle. Under this
principle, the question is not whether an injunction offers
complete relief to everyone potentially affected by an alleg-
edly unlawful act; it is whether an injunction will offer com-
plete relief to the plaintiffs before the court. See Califano
v. Yamasaki, (1979) ("[I]njunctive relief
should be no more burdensome to the defendant than neces-
sary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs" ). Here, prohibiting enforcement of the Executive
12
There may be other injuries for which it is all but impossible for courts
to craft relief that is complete and benefts only the named plaintiffs.
See, e. g., Shaw v. Hunt, (1996) (racially gerrymandered con-
gressional maps).
13
The new plaintiff might be able to assert nonmutual offensive issue
preclusion. See Parklane Hosiery Co. v. Shore, -- 332
(1979) (setting forth prerequisites for applying the doctrine). But nonmu-
tual offensive issue preclusion is unavailable against the United States.
United States v. Mendoza, (1984). That universal in-
junctions end-run this rule is one of the Government's objections to them.
 Cite as: (2025) 853

Opinion of the Court

Order against the child of an individual pregnant plaintiff
will give that plaintiff complete relief: Her child will not be
denied citizenship. Extending the injunction to cover all
other similarly situated individuals would not render her re-
lief any more complete.
The complete-relief inquiry is more complicated for the
state respondents, because the relevant injunction does not
purport to directly beneft nonparties. Instead, the District
Court for the District of Massachusetts decided that a uni-
versal injunction was necessary to provide the States them-
selves with complete relief. See 766 F. Supp. 3d, at 288.14
The States maintain that the District Court made the right
call. See Opposition to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jer-
sey), at 31 -- 39.
As the States see it, their harms -- fnancial injuries and
the administrative burdens fowing from citizen-dependent
benefts programs -- cannot be remedied without a blanket
ban on the enforcement of the Executive Order. See, e. g.,
Page Proof Pending Publication
id., at 9 -- 11. Children often move across state lines or are
born outside their parents' State of residence. Id., at 31, 35.
Given the cross-border fow, the States say, a "patchwork
injunction" would prove unworkable, because it would re-
quire them to track and verify the immigration status of the
parents of every child, along with the birth State of every
child for whom they provide certain federally funded bene-
fts. Ibid.
The Government -- unsurprisingly -- sees matters differ-
ently. It retorts that even if the injunction is designed to
beneft only the States, it is "more burdensome than neces-
sary to redress" their asserted harms. Califano, 442 U. S.,
at 702. After all, to say that a court can award complete

14
The District Court for the Western District of Washington acknowl-
edged the state respondents' complete-relief argument but primarily
granted a universal injunction on the basis that the "extreme nature of
the equities... alone warrant[ed] nationwide relief." 765 F. Supp. 3d
1142, 1153 (2025).
854 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

relief is not to say that it should do so. Complete relief is
not a guarantee -- it is the maximum a court can provide.
And in equity, "the broader and deeper the remedy the plain-
tiff wants, the stronger the plaintiff 's story needs to be." S.
Bray & P. Miller, Getting into Equity, 97 Notre Dame L. Rev.
1763, 1797 (2022). In short, "[t]he essence of equity jurisdic-
tion has been the power of the Chancellor to do equity and to
mould each decree to the necessities of the particular case."
Hecht Co. v. Bowles, (1944).
Leaning on these principles, the Government contends
that narrower relief is appropriate. For instance, the Dis-
trict Court could forbid the Government to apply the Execu-
tive Order within the respondent States, including to chil-
dren born elsewhere but living in those States. Application
in No. 24A884, at 23. Or, the Government says, the District
Court could direct the Government to "treat covered chil-
dren as eligible for purposes of federally funded welfare ben-
efts." Ibid. It asks us to stay the injunction insofar as it
Page Proof Pending Publication
sweeps too broadly.
We decline to take up these arguments in the frst in-
stance. The lower courts should determine whether a nar-
rower injunction is appropriate; we therefore leave it to
them to consider these and any related arguments.

3
Respondents also defend universal injunctions as a matter
of policy. They argue that a universal injunction is some-
times the only practical way to quickly protect groups from
unlawful government action. See Opposition to Application
in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 26 -- 27; see also A. Frost, In De-
fense of Nationwide Injunctions, 93 N. Y. U. L. Rev. 1065,
1090 -- 1094 (2018) (suggesting that universal injunctions are
appropriate when not all interested individuals can come
quickly to court); post, at 914 -- 915 (Sotomayor, J., dissenting).
Respondents also contend that universal injunctions are an
appropriate remedy to preserve equal treatment among indi-
 Cite as: (2025) 855

Opinion of the Court

viduals when the Executive Branch adopts a facially unlaw-
ful policy. Opposition to Application in No. 24A884 (CASA),
at 25 -- 27; cf. post, at 899 (Sotomayor, J., dissenting). And
they suggest that forcing plaintiffs to proceed on an individ-
ual basis can result in confusion or piecemeal litigation that
imposes unnecessary costs on courts and others. See Oppo-
sition to Application in No. 24A885 (Washington), at 31 -- 32;
Frost, 93 N. Y. U. L. Rev., at 1098 -- 1101; see also post, at
908 (Sotomayor, J., dissenting). So, they insist, universal
injunctions must be permitted for the good of the system.
The Government advances policy arguments running the
other way. Echoing Chief Judge Sutton, the Government
asserts that avoiding a patchwork enforcement system is a
justifcation that "lacks a limiting principle and would make
nationwide injunctions the rule rather than the exception"
for challenges to many kinds of federal law. Arizona, 40
F. 4th, at 397 (concurring opinion). It stresses -- as the prin-
cipal dissent also observes -- that universal injunctions incen-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tivize forum shopping, since a successful challenge in one ju-
risdiction entails relief nationwide. See Application in No.
24A884, at 19 -- 20; see also post, at 899 -- 900 (opinion of Soto-
mayor, J.). In a similar vein, the Government observes that
universal injunctions operate asymmetrically: A plaintiff
must win just one suit to secure sweeping relief. But to
fend off such an injunction, the Government must win every-
where. See Application in No. 24A884, at 19 -- 20; see also post,
at 900 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.) (acknowledging this con-
cern).15 Moreover, the Government contends, the practice of
universal injunctions means that highly consequential cases
are often decided in a "fast and furious" process of " `rushed,

15
The Government contrasts this with class actions. A judgment in a
Rule 23 class action (favorable or not) binds the whole class -- so if the
defendant wins, it is protected from future suits. But because an adverse
ruling on a request for universal relief lacks this preclusive effect, plain-
tiffs can continue to fle in different forums until they fnd a court willing
to award such relief.
856 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

high-stakes, [and] low-information' " decisionmaking. Lab-
rador, 601 U. S., at 1119 (Gorsuch, J., concurring in grant of
stay). When a district court issues a universal injunction,
thereby halting the enforcement of federal policy, the
Government says that it has little recourse but to proceed to
the court of appeals for an emergency stay. The loser in
the court of appeals will then seek a stay from this Court.
See Application in No. 24A884, at 20. This process forces
courts to resolve signifcant and diffcult questions of law on
a highly expedited basis and without full briefng. See
ibid.16
The upshot: As with most disputed issues, there are argu-
ments on both sides. But as with most questions of law, the
policy pros and cons are beside the point. Under our well-
established precedent, the equitable relief available in the
federal courts is that "traditionally accorded by courts of
equity" at the time of our founding. Grupo Mexicano, 527
U. S., at 319. Nothing like a universal injunction was avail-
Page Proof Pending Publication
able at the founding, or for that matter, for more than a cen-
tury thereafter. Thus, under the Judiciary Act, federal
courts lack authority to issue them.
C
The principal dissent focuses on conventional legal terrain,
like the Judiciary Act of 1789 and our cases on equity. Jus-
16
Acknowledging these problems, the principal dissent admits that
"[t]here may be good reasons not to issue universal injunctions in the typi-
cal case." Post, at 900 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.). This concession, while
welcome, is inconsistent with the position that the universal injunction is
a "nothing to see here" extension of the kind of decree obtained on a bill
of peace. Neither the principal dissent nor respondents have pointed to
any evidence that such decrees presented any of the universal injunction's
systemic problems or that they were reserved for situations in which the
defendant's conduct was "patently unconstitutional" and risked "excep-
tional" harm. Post, at 899 -- 900. It is precisely because the universal in-
junction is a new, potent remedy that it poses new, potent risks. Our
observation in Grupo Mexicano rings true here: "Even when sitting as a
court in equity, we have no authority to craft a `nuclear weapon' of the
law." 527 U. S., at 332.
 Cite as: (2025) 857

Opinion of the Court

tice Jackson, however, chooses a startling line of attack
that is tethered neither to these sources nor, frankly, to any
doctrine whatsoever. Waving away attention to the limits
on judicial power as a "mind-numbingly technical query,"
post, at 922 (dissenting opinion), she offers a vision of the
judicial role that would make even the most ardent defender
of judicial supremacy blush. In her telling, the fundamental
role of courts is to "order everyone (including the Executive)
to follow the law -- full stop." Ibid.; see also post, at 930
("[T]he function of the courts -- both in theory and in prac-
tice -- necessarily includes announcing what the law requires
in... suits for the beneft of all who are protected by the
Constitution, not merely doling out relief to injured private
parties"); see also post, at 930 -- 931, 935. And, she
warns, if courts lack the power to "require the Executive to
adhere to law universally," post, at 935, courts will leave a
"gash in the basic tenets of our founding charter that could
turn out to be a mortal wound," post, at 932.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Rhetoric aside, Justice Jackson's position is diffcult to
pin down. She might be arguing that universal injunctions
are appropriate -- even required -- whenever the defendant is
part of the Executive Branch. See, e. g., post, at 923, 930 -- 932,
936 -- 937. If so, her position goes far beyond the mainstream
defense of universal injunctions. See, e. g., Frost, 93 N. Y. U.
L. Rev., at 1069 ("Nationwide injunctions come with signif-
cant costs and should never be the default remedy in cases
challenging federal executive action"). As best we can tell,
though, her argument is more extreme still, because its logic
does not depend on the entry of a universal injunction: Jus-
tice Jackson appears to believe that the reasoning behind
any court order demands "universal adherence," at least
where the Executive is concerned. Post, at 922 (dissenting
opinion). In her law-declaring vision of the judicial function,
a district court's opinion is not just persuasive, but has the
legal force of a judgment. But see Haaland v. Brackeen,
(2023) ("It is a federal court's judgment,
not its opinion, that remedies an injury"). Once a single dis-
858 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

trict court deems executive conduct unlawful, it has stated
what the law requires. And the Executive must conform to
that view, ceasing its enforcement of the law against any-
one, anywhere.17
We will not dwell on Justice Jackson's argument, which
is at odds with more than two centuries' worth of precedent,
not to mention the Constitution itself. We observe only this:
Justice Jackson decries an imperial Executive while em-
bracing an imperial Judiciary.
No one disputes that the Executive has a duty to follow the
law. But the Judiciary does not have unbridled authority to
enforce this obligation -- in fact, sometimes the law prohibits
the Judiciary from doing so. See, e. g., Marbury v. Madison,
1 Cranch 137 (1803) (concluding that James Madison had vio-
lated the law but holding that the Court lacked jurisdiction
to issue a writ of mandamus ordering him to follow it). But
see post, at 935 (Jackson, J., dissenting) ("If courts do not
Page Proof Pending Publication
have the authority to require the Executive to adhere to law
universally,... compliance with law sometimes becomes a
matter of Executive prerogative"). Observing the limits on
judicial authority -- including, as relevant here, the bound-
aries of the Judiciary Act of 1789 -- is required by a judge's
oath to follow the law.

17
Think about what this position means. If a judge in the District of
Alaska holds that a criminal statute is unconstitutional, can the United
States prosecute a defendant under that statute in the District of Mary-
land? Perhaps Justice Jackson would instinctively say yes; it is hard
to imagine anyone saying no. But why, on Justice Jackson's logic, does
it not violate the rule of law for the Executive to initiate a prosecution
elsewhere? See post, at 922 (dissenting opinion). Among its many prob-
lems, Justice Jackson's view is at odds with our system of divided judi-
cial authority. See, e. g., this Court's Rule 10(a) (identifying confict in the
decisions of the courts of appeals as grounds for granting certiorari). It
is also in considerable tension with the reality that district court opinions
lack precedential force even vis-à-vis other judges in the same judicial
district. See Camreta v. Greene, (2011).
 Cite as: (2025) 859

Opinion of the Court

Justice Jackson skips over that part. Because analyz-
ing the governing statute involves boring "legalese," post, at
923, she seeks to answer "a far more basic question of enor-
mous legal and practical signifcance: May a federal court in
the United States of America order the Executive to follow
the law?" Ibid. In other words, it is unnecessary to con-
sider whether Congress has constrained the Judiciary; what
matters is how the Judiciary may constrain the Executive.
Justice Jackson would do well to heed her own admonition:
"[E]veryone, from the President on down, is bound by law."
Ibid. That goes for judges too.
IV
Finally, the Government must show a likelihood that it will
suffer irreparable harm absent a stay. Nken, 556 U. S., at
434 -- 435. When a federal court enters a universal injunction
against the Government, it "improper[ly] intru[des]" on "a
coordinate branch of the Government" and prevents the Gov-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ernment from enforcing its policies against nonparties. INS
v. Legalization Assistance Project of Los Angeles County
Federation of Labor, (1993) (O'Connor,
J., in chambers). That is enough to justify interim relief.
The principal dissent disagrees, insisting that "it strains
credulity to treat the Executive Branch as irreparably
harmed" by these injunctions, even if they are overly broad.
Post, at 894 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.); see also Opposition
to Application in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 16 -- 20. That is so,
the principal dissent argues, because the Executive Order is
unconstitutional. Thus, "the Executive Branch has no right
to enforce [it] against anyone." Post, at 893.
The principal dissent's analysis of the Executive Order is
premature because the birthright citizenship issue is not be-
fore us.18 And because the birthright citizenship issue is not
18
The dissent worries that the Citizenship Clause challenge will never
reach this Court, because if the plaintiffs continue to prevail, they will
have no reason to petition for certiorari. And if the Government keeps
860 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

before us, we take no position on whether the dissent's analy-
sis is right. The dissent is wrong to say, however, that a
stay applicant cannot demonstrate irreparable harm from a
threshold error without also showing that, at the end of the
day, it will prevail on the underlying merits. That is not
how the Nken factors work. See 556 U. S., at 434. For in-
stance, when we are asked to stay an execution on the
grounds of a serious legal question, we ask whether the capi-
tal defendant is likely to prevail on the merits of the issue
before us, not whether he is likely to prevail on the merits
of the underlying suit. See, e. g., Gutierrez v. Saenz, (2024) (granting application for a stay based on a
question implicating the prisoner's standing to attempt to
access DNA testing). The same is true when an applicant
seeks a stay in other contexts. See, e. g., Offce of Personnel
Management v. American Federation of Government Em-
ployees, 604 U. S. -- -- -- (2025) (granting application for stay
because the organizational plaintiffs' allegations were "insuf-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fcient to support [their] standing"). So too here.
The question before us is whether the Government is
likely to suffer irreparable harm from the District Courts'
entry of injunctions that likely exceed the authority con-
ferred by the Judiciary Act. The answer to that question is
yes. See Coleman v. Paccar Inc., -- 1308
(1976) (Rehnquist, C. J., in chambers); Trump v. Interna-
tional Refugee Assistance Project, -- 579
(2017) (per curiam); see also Maryland v. King, 567 U. S.

losing, it will "ha[ve] no incentive to fle a petition here... because the
outcome of such an appeal would be preordained." Post, at 918 (opinion
of Sotomayor, J.). But at oral argument, the Solicitor General acknowl-
edged that challenges to the Executive Order are pending in multiple cir-
cuits, Tr. of Oral Arg. 50, and when asked directly "When you lose one of
those, do you intend to seek cert?", the Solicitor General responded, "yes,
absolutely." Ibid. And while the dissent speculates that the Govern-
ment would disregard an unfavorable opinion from this Court, the Solicitor
General represented that the Government will respect both the judgments
and the opinions of this Court. See id., at 62 -- 63.
 Cite as: (2025) 861

Opinion of the Court

1301, 1303 (2012) (Roberts, C. J., in chambers) (" `[A]ny time
a State is enjoined by a court from effectuating statutes
enacted by representatives of its people, it suffers a form of
irreparable injury' " ). And the bal-
ance of equities does not counsel against awarding the Gov-
ernment interim relief: Partial stays will cause no harm to
respondents because they will remain protected by the pre-
liminary injunctions to the extent necessary and appropriate
to afford them complete relief.

* * *
Some say that the universal injunction "give[s] the Judi-
ciary a powerful tool to check the Executive Branch."
Trump, 585 U. S., at 720 (Thomas, J., concurring) ; S.
Malveaux, Class Actions, Civil Rights, and the National In-
Page Proof Pending Publication
junction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. Forum, 56, 57, 60 -- 62 (2017)).
But federal courts do not exercise general oversight of the
Executive Branch; they resolve cases and controversies con-
sistent with the authority Congress has given them. When
a court concludes that the Executive Branch has acted un-
lawfully, the answer is not for the court to exceed its
power, too.
The Government's applications to partially stay the pre-
liminary injunctions are granted, but only to the extent that
the injunctions are broader than necessary to provide com-
plete relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue. The lower
courts shall move expeditiously to ensure that, with respect
to each plaintiff, the injunctions comport with this rule and
otherwise comply with principles of equity. The injunctions
are also stayed to the extent that they prohibit executive
agencies from developing and issuing public guidance about
the Executive's plans to implement the Executive Order.
Consistent with the Solicitor General's representation, of
862 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Thomas, J., concurring

the Executive Order shall not take effect until 30 days after
the date of this opinion. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 55.
It is so ordered.
Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Gorsuch joins,
concurring.
The Court today holds that federal courts may not issue
so-called universal injunctions. I agree and join in full. As
the Court explains, the Judiciary Act of 1789 -- the statute
that " `authorizes the federal courts to issue equitable reme-
dies' " -- does not permit universal injunctions. Ante, at 841.
It authorizes only those remedies traditionally available in
equity, and there is no historical tradition allowing courts to
provide "relief that extend[s] beyond the parties." Ante, at
841 -- 847. That conclusion is dispositive: As I have pre-
viously explained, "[i]f district courts have any authority to
issue universal injunctions," it must come from some specifc
Page Proof Pending Publication
statutory or constitutional grant. Trump v. Hawaii, -- 714 (2018) (concurring opinion). But, the Ju-
diciary Act is the only real possibility, and serious constitu-
tional questions would arise even if Congress purported to
one day allow universal injunctions. See id., at 714, ;
see also United States v. Texas, -- 694 (2023)
(Gorsuch, J., concurring in judgment).
I write separately to emphasize the majority's guidance
regarding how courts should tailor remedies specifc to the
parties. Courts must not distort "the rule that injunctive
relief should be no more burdensome to the defendant than
necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs." Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979). Otherwise, they
risk replicating the problems of universal injunctions under
the guise of granting complete relief.
As the Court recognizes, the complete-relief principle op-
erates as a ceiling: In no circumstance can a court award
relief beyond that necessary to redress the plaintiffs' inju-
ries. See ante, at 854 ("Complete relief is not a guarantee -- 
 Cite as: (2025) 863

Thomas, J., concurring

it is the maximum a court can provide"). This limitation
follows from both Article III and traditional equitable prac-
tice. Because Article III limits courts to resolving specifc
"Cases" and "Controversies," see U. S. Const., Art. III, it requires that any remedy "be tailored to redress the plain-
tiff's particular injury." Gill v. Whitford, 
(2018). And, equitable remedies historically operated on
a plaintiff-specifc basis. Ante, at 842 -- 844. Accordingly,
any "remedy must of course be limited to the inadequacy
that produced the injury in fact that the plaintiff has estab-
lished." Lewis v. Casey, (1996).
Courts therefore err insofar as they treat complete relief
as a mandate. Some judges have read our precedents to sug-
gest that courts should provide plaintiffs whatever remedy is
necessary to give them complete relief. See, e. g., Mock v.
Garland, 75 F. 4th 563, 587 (CA5 2023) ("[I]njunctions should
be crafted to `provide complete relief to the plaintiffs' "); Z.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Siddique, Nationwide Injunctions, 117 Colum. L. Rev. 2095,
2106 (2017) ("[C]ourts... tailor their injunctions to provide
complete relief to the parties -- no less and no more"). But,
that reading misunderstands the complete-relief principle.
This principle refects the equitable "rule that courts gen-
erally `may administer complete relief between the parties.' "
Ante, at 851 (emphasis deleted). It is an important "aim of
the law of remedies... to put the plaintiff in her rightful
position." S. Bray, Multiple Chancellors: Reforming the Na-
tional Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 466 (2017) (Bray).
But, "to say that a court can award complete relief is not to
say that it should do so." Ante, at 853 -- 854. And, in some
circumstances, a court cannot award complete relief.
As the Court today affrms, any relief must fall within tra-
ditional limits on a court's equitable powers. See ante, at
841 -- 842 ; Payne v. Hook,
7 Wall. 425, 430 (1869)). Courts must ask whether the relief
plaintiffs seek "was traditionally accorded by courts of eq-
864 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Thomas, J., concurring

uity." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 319. And, they must
ensure that any injunctions comport with both the complete-
relief principle and other "principles of equity." Ante, at
861. For example, courts may need to weigh considerations
such as equity's concern "with justice... also for the defend-
ant." Bray 468; see H. McClintock, Handbook of the Princi-
ples of Equity 78 (2d ed. 1948). In some cases, traditional
equitable limits will require courts and plaintiffs to make do
with less than complete relief.
This Court's decision in Frothingham v. Mellon, decided
with Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923), exempli-
fes this constraint. Appellant Frothingham sought to "en-
join the execution of a federal appropriation act" on the
grounds that the Act exceeded the Government's authority
and that its execution would improperly increase her tax
burden. Id., at 479, 486. On a maximalist view of the
complete-relief principle, Frothingham would have been
entitled to a national injunction had her claim been meritori-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ous. After all, "a prohibition on using her tax money for
the [statute] would have been wholly ineffectual" in remedy-
ing the injury caused by unlawful federal spending, given
"the fungibility of money": The Government would still have
been free to execute the statute, so long as it labeled the
underlying funds as coming from other taxpayers. Bray
431. A court thus would have needed to enjoin all spending
under the statute to provide effective relief. But, this Court
rejected Frothingham's request for such an injunction as be-
yond "the preventive powers of a court of equity." 262
U. S., at 487. Among other reasons, it emphasized that an
individual taxpayer's "interest in the moneys of the Treas-
ury" was "comparatively minute and indeterminable," and
that the petitioner had not suffered any "direct injury" but
rather was "suffer[ing] in some indefnite way in common
with people generally." Id., at 487 -- 488.*
*Although courts now treat Frothingham primarily as a case about tax-
payer standing, its analysis in fact "intertwine[d] concepts of equity, reme-
dies, and the judicial power." Bray 430 -- 433; see ante, at 844.
 Cite as: (2025) 865

Thomas, J., concurring

To be sure, "[w]hat counts as complete relief " can be a
diffcult question. Bray 467. Many plaintiffs argue that
only sweeping relief can redress their injuries. And, I do
not dispute that there will be cases requiring an "indivisible
remedy" that incidentally benefts third parties, Tr. of Oral
Arg. 14 -- 15, such as "[i]njunctions barring public nuisances,"
Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 717 (Thomas, J., concurring). But,
such cases are by far the exception.
An indivisible remedy is appropriate only when it would
be "all but impossible" to devise relief that reaches only the
plaintiffs. Ante, at 852,. Such impossibility is a high
bar. For example, the Court today readily dispatches with
the individual and associational respondents' position that
they require a universal injunction, notwithstanding their
argument that a "plaintiff-specifc injunction" would be dif-
fcult to administer and would subject the associations' mem-
bers to the burden of having "to identify and disclose to the
government" their membership. Tr. of Oral Arg. 141 -- 142.
Page Proof Pending Publication
As the Court recognizes, "prohibiting enforcement of the Ex-
ecutive Order against the child of an individual pregnant
plaintiff" is all that is required to "give that plaintiff com-
plete relief." Ante, at 852 -- 853. Courts may not use the
complete-relief principle to revive the universal injunction.

* * *
For good reason, the Court today puts an end to the "in-
creasingly common" practice of federal courts issuing uni-
versal injunctions. Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 713 (Thomas, J.,
concurring). The Court also makes clear that the complete-
relief principle provides a ceiling on federal courts' authority,
which must be applied alongside other "principles of equity"
and our holding that universal injunctions are impermissible.
Ante, at 861. Lower courts should carefully heed this
Court's guidance and cabin their grants of injunctive relief
in light of historical equitable limits. If they cannot do so,
this Court will continue to be "dutybound" to intervene.
Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 721 (Thomas, J., concurring).
866 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Alito, J., concurring

Justice Alito, with whom Justice Thomas joins,
concurring.
I join the opinion of the Court but write separately to note
two related issues that are left unresolved and potentially
threaten the practical signifcance of today's decision: the
availability of third-party standing and class certifcation.
First, the Court does not address the weighty issue
whether the state plaintiffs have third-party standing to as-
sert the Citizenship Clause claims of their individual resi-
dents. See ante, at 838, ; see also ante, at 861 ("The
Government's applications to partially stay the preliminary
injunctions are granted, but only to the extent that the in-
junctions are broader than necessary to provide complete re-
lief to each plaintiff with standing to sue" ).
Ordinarily, "a litigant must assert his or her own legal rights
and interests, and cannot rest a claim to relief on the legal
rights or interests of third parties." Powers v. Ohio, 499
Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S. 400, 410 (1991). In limited circumstances, however, the
Court has permitted a party to assert the rights of a third
party. Admittedly, the Court has not pinned down the pre-
cise circumstances in which third-party standing is permissi-
ble. See Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v. Static Control Components,
Inc., (2014). And commentators have
emphasized the need for "greater doctrinal coherence." C.
Bradley & E. Young, Unpacking Third-Party Standing, 131
Yale L. J. 1, 7 (2021) (Bradley & Young).
But at a minimum, we have said that a litigant seeking to
assert the legal rights or interests of others must demon-
strate ordinary Article III standing for itself and answer the
additional "threshold question whether [it has] standing to
raise the rights of others." Kowalski v. Tesmer, (2004). But see FDA v. Alliance for Hippocratic
Medicine, (2024) (Thomas, J., concurring).
This latter requirement, as we have explained, entails a
showing that the litigant has a "close relationship" to the
right holder and that there is some " `hindrance' " to the right
 Cite as: (2025) 867

Alito, J., concurring

holder's ability to "protect his own interests." Kowalski,
543 U. S., at 130. So long
as third-party standing doctrine remains good law, federal
courts should take care to apply these limitations conscien-
tiously, including against state plaintiffs. That is especially
so in cases such as these, in which the parties claiming third-
party standing (i. e., the States) are not directly subject to
the challenged policy in the relevant respect and face, at
most, collateral injuries. See Bradley & Young 56 -- 60.
Today's decision only underscores the need for rigorous
and evenhanded enforcement of third-party-standing limita-
tions. The Court holds today that injunctive relief should
generally extend only to the suing plaintiff. See ante, at
851 -- 852. That will have the salutary effect of bringing an
end to the practice of runaway "universal" injunctions, but
it leaves other questions unanswered. Perhaps most impor-
tant, when a State brings a suit to vindicate the rights of
Page Proof Pending Publication
individual residents and then procures injunctive relief, does
the injunction bind the defendant with respect to all resi-
dents of that State? If so, States will have every incentive
to bring third-party suits on behalf of their residents to ob-
tain a broader scope of equitable relief than any individual
resident could procure in his own suit. Left unchecked, the
practice of refexive state third-party standing will under-
mine today's decision as a practical matter.
Second, today's decision will have very little value if dis-
trict courts award relief to broadly defned classes without
following "Rule 23's procedural protections" for class certif-
cation. Ante, at 849. The class action is a powerful tool,
and we have accordingly held that class "certifcation is
proper only if the trial court is satisfed, after a rigorous analy-
sis, that the prerequisites of Rule 23(a) have been satisfed."
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. Dukes, -- 351 (2011). These requirements
are more than "a mere pleading standard," id., at 350, and a
hasty application of Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil
868 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

Procedure can have drastic consequences, creating "potential
unfairness" for absent class members and confusion (and
pressure to settle) for defendants. General Telephone Co. of
Southwest v. Falcon, (1982). Recognizing
these effects, Congress took the exceptional step of authoriz-
ing interlocutory review of class certifcation. See Fed.
Rule Civ. Proc. 23(f).
Putting the kibosh on universal injunctions does nothing
to disrupt Rule 23's requirements. Of course, Rule 23 may
permit the certifcation of nationwide classes in some dis-
crete scenarios. But district courts should not view today's
decision as an invitation to certify nationwide classes with-
out scrupulous adherence to the rigors of Rule 23. Other-
wise, the universal injunction will return from the grave
under the guise of "nationwide class relief," and today's deci-
sion will be of little more than minor academic interest.

* * *
Page Proof Pending Publication
Lax enforcement of the requirements for third-party
standing and class certifcation would create a potentially
significant loophole to today's decision. Federal courts
should thus be vigilant against such potential abuses of these
tools. I do not understand the Court's decision to refect
any disagreement with these concerns, so I join its decision
in full.
Justice Kavanaugh, concurring.
The plaintiffs here sought preliminary injunctions against
enforcement of the President's Executive Order on birth-
right citizenship. The District Courts granted universal
preliminary injunctions -- that is, injunctions prohibiting en-
forcement of the Executive Order against anyone. Under
the Court's holding today, district courts issuing injunctions
under the authority afforded by the Judiciary Act of 1789
may award only plaintiff-specifc relief. I join the Court's
 Cite as: (2025) 869

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

careful and persuasive opinion, which will bring needed clar-
ity to the law of remedies.
To be sure, in the wake of the Court's decision, plaintiffs
who challenge the legality of a new federal statute or execu-
tive action and request preliminary injunctive relief may
sometimes seek to proceed by class action under Federal
Rule of Civil Procedure 23(b)(2) and ask a court to award
preliminary classwide relief that may, for example, be state-
wide, regionwide, or even nationwide. See ante, at 849 -- 850;
A. A. R. P. v. Trump, (2025) (per curiam);
Califano v. Yamasaki, -- 703 (1979). And
in cases under the Administrative Procedure Act, plaintiffs
may ask a court to preliminarily "set aside" a new agency
rule. 5 U. S. C. ; see, e. g., West Virginia v. EPA,
(2016); see also Corner Post, Inc. v. Board of
Governors, -- 843 (2024) (Kavanaugh, J.,
concurring).1
But importantly, today's decision will require district
Page Proof Pending Publication
courts to follow proper legal procedures when awarding such
relief. Most signifcantly, district courts can no longer
award preliminary nationwide or classwide relief except
when such relief is legally authorized. And that salutary
development will help bring substantially more order and
discipline to the ubiquitous preliminary litigation over new
federal statutes and executive actions.
I write separately simply to underscore that this case fo-
cuses on only one discrete aspect of the preliminary litigation
relating to major new federal statutes and executive ac-
tions -- namely, what district courts may do with respect to
those new statutes and executive actions in what might be
called "the interim before the interim." Although district
courts have received much of the attention (and criticism)
1
In addition, as the Court notes, an injunction granting complete relief
to plaintiffs may also, as a practical matter, beneft nonparties. Ante, at
850 -- 854.
870 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

in debates over the universal-injunction issue, those courts
generally do not have the last word when they grant or deny
preliminary injunctions. The courts of appeals and this
Court can (and regularly do) expeditiously review district
court decisions awarding or denying preliminary injunctive
relief. The losing party in the district court -- the defendant
against whom an injunction is granted, or the plaintiff who
is denied an injunction -- will often go to the court of appeals
to seek a temporary stay or injunction. And then the losing
party in the court of appeals may promptly come to this
Court with an application for a stay or injunction. This
Court has therefore often acted as the ultimate decider of
the interim legal status of major new federal statutes and
executive actions. See, e. g., Ohio v. EPA, 
(2024); Danco Laboratories, LLC v. Alliance for Hippocratic
Medicine, 598 U. S. -- -- -- (2023); National Federation of Inde-
pendent Business v. OSHA, (2022) (per cu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
riam); Alabama Assn. of Realtors v. Department of Health
and Human Servs., (2021) (per curiam); see
also Labrador v. Poe, -- 1122 (2024) (Kava-
naugh, J., concurring in grant of stay).
After today's decision, that order of operations will not
change. In justiciable cases, this Court, not the district
courts or courts of appeals, will often still be the ultimate
decisionmaker as to the interim legal status of major new
federal statutes and executive actions -- that is, the interim
legal status for the several-year period before a fnal decision
on the merits.
I
The Court's decision today focuses on the "interim before
the interim" -- the preliminary relief that district courts can
award (and courts of appeals can approve) for the generally
weeks-long interim before this Court can assess and settle
the matter for the often years-long interim before a fnal
decision on the merits. To appreciate the broader context
 Cite as: (2025) 871

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

surrounding today's decision, it is important to understand
this Court's role in preliminary litigation of this sort.
The basic scenario in these kinds of applications to this
Court is by now familiar. Congress passes a major new
statute, or the Executive Branch issues a major new rule or
executive order. The litigation over the legality of the new
statute or executive action winds its way through the federal
courts. And that litigation may meander on for many
months or often years before this Court can issue a fnal
ruling deciding the legality of the new statute or executive
action.
In the meantime, various plaintiffs may seek preliminary
injunctions, sometimes in many different district courts.
And a government defendant against whom a preliminary
injunction is granted (or a plaintiff who is denied a prelimi-
nary injunction) may seek a temporary stay or injunction in
the court of appeals and then in this Court.
Page Proof Pending Publication
That preliminary-injunction litigation -- which typically
takes place at a rapid-fre pace long before the merits litiga-
tion culminates several years down the road -- raises a ques-
tion: What should the interim legal status of the signifcant
new federal statute or executive action at issue be during
the several-year period before this Court's fnal ruling on
the merits?
That interim-status question is itself immensely impor-
tant. The issue of whether a major new federal statute or
executive action "is enforceable during the several years
while the parties wait for a fnal merits ruling... raises a
separate question of extraordinary signifcance to the parties
and the American people." Labrador v. Poe, (2024) (Kavanaugh, J., concurring in grant of
stay).
The interim-status issue in turn raises two other critical
questions: Should there be a nationally uniform answer on
the question of whether a major new federal statute or exec-
utive action can be legally enforced in the often years-long
872 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

interim period until this Court reaches a fnal decision on
the merits? If so, who decides what the nationally uniform
interim answer is?
First, in my view, there often (perhaps not always, but
often) should be a nationally uniform answer on whether a
major new federal statute, rule, or executive order can be
enforced throughout the United States during the several-
year interim period until its legality is fnally decided on
the merits.
Consider just a few of the major executive actions that
have been the subject of intense preliminary-injunction or
other pre-enforcement litigation in the past 10 years or so,
under Presidents of both political parties. They range from
travel bans to birthright citizenship, from the Clean Power
Plan to student loan forgiveness, from the OSHA vaccine
mandate to the service of transgender individuals in the mili-
tary, from Title IX regulations to abortion drugs. And the
Page Proof Pending Publication
list goes on. Those executive actions often are highly sig-
nifcant and have widespread effects on many individuals,
businesses, governments, and other organizations through-
out the United States.
Often, it is not especially workable or sustainable or desir-
able to have a patchwork scheme, potentially for several
years, in which a major new federal statute or executive ac-
tion of that kind applies to some people or organizations in
certain States or regions, but not to others. The national
reach of many businesses and government programs, as well
as the regular movement of the American people into and
out of different States and regions, would make it diffcult to
sensibly maintain such a scattershot system of federal law.
Second, if one agrees that the years-long interim status of
a highly signifcant new federal statute or executive action
should often be uniform throughout the United States, who
decides what the interim status is?
The answer typically will be this Court, as has been the
case both traditionally and recently. This Court's actions
 Cite as: (2025) 873

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

in resolving applications for interim relief help provide clar-
ity and uniformity as to the interim legal status of major
new federal statutes, rules, and executive orders. In par-
ticular, the Court's disposition of applications for interim re-
lief often will effectively settle, de jure or de facto, the in-
terim legal status of those statutes or executive actions
nationwide.
The decision today will not alter this Court's traditional
role in those matters. Going forward, in the wake of a
major new federal statute or executive action, different dis-
trict courts may enter a slew of preliminary rulings on the
legality of that statute or executive action. Or alterna-
tively, perhaps a district court (or courts) will grant or deny
the functional equivalent of a universal injunction -- for ex-
ample, by granting or denying a preliminary injunction to a
putative nationwide class under Rule 23(b)(2), or by prelimi-
narily setting aside or declining to set aside an agency rule
Page Proof Pending Publication
under the APA.
No matter how the preliminary-injunction litigation on
those kinds of signifcant matters transpires in the district
courts, the courts of appeals in turn will undoubtedly be
called upon to promptly grant or deny temporary stays or
temporary injunctions in many cases.
And regardless of whether the district courts have issued
a series of individual preliminary rulings, or instead have
issued one or more broader classwide or set-aside prelimi-
nary rulings, the losing parties in the courts of appeals will
regularly come to this Court in matters involving major new
federal statutes and executive actions.2
If there is no classwide or set-aside relief in those kinds of
nationally signifcant matters, then one would expect a food
of decisions from lower courts, after which the losing parties
on both sides will probably inundate this Court with applica-

2
By statute, some litigation may start in a court of appeals or three-
judge district court and then come directly to this Court.
874 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

tions for stays or injunctions.3 And in cases where class-
wide or set-aside relief has been awarded, the losing side in
the lower courts will likewise regularly come to this Court
if the matter is suffciently important.
When a stay or injunction application arrives here, this
Court should not and cannot hide in the tall grass. When
we receive such an application, we must grant or deny.4
And when we do -- that is, when this Court makes a decision
on the interim legal status of a major new federal statute or
executive action -- that decision will often constitute a form
of precedent (de jure or de facto) that provides guidance
throughout the United States during the years-long interim
period until a fnal decision on the merits.

3
That scenario explains why it would not make much sense for this
Court to apply different standards to (i) an application for an injunction
and (ii) an application for a stay of an injunction. See, e. g., Tandon v.
Newsom, (2021) (per curiam) (applying the usual stay
Page Proof Pending Publication
standard to an application for an injunction).
Suppose a district court in Circuit A enjoins a new executive action.
And the court of appeals in Circuit A then declines to stay the injunction.
Meanwhile, a district court in Circuit B does not enjoin that new executive
action, and the court of appeals in Circuit B also declines to enjoin it.
Both cases come to this Court on applications for interim relief -- one seek-
ing a stay of injunction and one seeking an injunction. It would not be
particularly rational to deny a stay and leave the injunction in place in
Circuit A, and then to turn around and deny an injunction in Circuit B on
account of a purportedly higher standard for this Court to grant injunc-
tions rather than stays. The standards should mesh so that this Court
can ensure uniformity without regard to the happenstance of how various
courts of appeals and district courts ruled.
4
To obtain an interim stay or injunction, "an applicant must show (1) a
reasonable probability that four Justices will consider the issue suffciently
meritorious to grant certiorari; (2) a fair prospect that a majority of the
Court will vote to reverse the judgment below; and (3) a likelihood that
irreparable harm will result from the denial" of the application. Hollings-
worth v. Perry, (2010) (per curiam); see Tandon, 593
U. S., at 64. The Court may also consider (4) the "balance" of "the equi-
ties" and "relative harms" to the parties. Hollingsworth, 558 U. S., at
190.
 Cite as: (2025) 875

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

II
It is sometimes suggested, however, that this Court should
adopt a policy of presumptively denying applications for
stays or injunctions -- even applications involving signifcant
new federal statutes or executive actions -- regardless of
which way the various lower courts have ruled. That sug-
gestion is fawed, in my view, because it would often leave an
unworkable or intolerable patchwork of federal law in place.
And even in cases where there is no patchwork -- for exam-
ple, because an application comes to us with a single nation-
wide class-action injunction -- what if this Court thinks the
lower court's decision is wrong? On student loan forgive-
ness or the Clean Power Plan or mifepristone or the travel
bans, for example? Should we have a rule of presumptively
denying relief, thereby allowing erroneous injunctions (or er-
roneous denials of injunctions) of major new statutes and
executive actions to remain in place for several years, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
thus severely harming the Government and would-be bene-
fciaries of (or regulated parties under) those new statutes
and executive actions? I think not. And this Court's ac-
tions over the years refect that the Court thinks not.
Unless and until this Court grants or denies an application
for stay or injunction, tremendous uncertainty may surround
the interim legal status of the new federal statute or execu-
tive action throughout the country. The statute or execu-
tive action may be in effect in some places but not others,
for some businesses but not others, for some Americans but
not others. That temporary geographic, organizational, and
individual variation in federal law might not warrant this
Court's intervention in run-of-the-mill cases -- which is why
it makes sense that this Court denies applications for interim
relief when the Court is unlikely to later grant certiorari.
See Does 1 -- 3 v. Mills, (2021) (Barrett, J.,
concurring in denial of application for injunctive relief).
But in cases involving major new federal statutes or execu-
tive actions, uniformity is often essential or at least sensible
876 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

and prudent. In those kinds of cases, disuniformity -- even
if only for a few years or less -- can be chaotic. And such
chaos is not good for the law or the country.
One of this Court's roles, in justiciable cases, is to resolve
major legal questions of national importance and ensure uni-
formity of federal law. So a default policy of off-loading to
lower courts the fnal word on whether to green-light or
block major new federal statutes and executive actions for
the several-year interim until a fnal ruling on the merits
would seem to amount to an abdication of this Court's
proper role.
Some might object that this Court is not well equipped to
make those signifcant decisions -- namely, decisions about
the interim status of a major new federal statute or execu-
tive action -- on an expedited basis. But district courts and
courts of appeals are likewise not perfectly equipped to make
expedited preliminary judgments on important matters of
Page Proof Pending Publication
this kind. Yet they have to do so, and so do we. By law,
federal courts are open and can receive and review applica-
tions for relief 24/7/365. See 28 U. S. C. ("All courts of
the United States shall be deemed always open for the pur-
pose of fling proper papers... and making motions and
orders"). And this Court has procedural tools that can help
us make the best possible interim decision in the limited time
available -- administrative stays, additional briefng, amicus
briefs, oral argument, certiorari before judgment, and the
like. On top of that, this Court has nine Justices, each of
whom can (and does) consult and deliberate with the other
eight to help the Court determine the best answer, unlike a
smaller three-judge court of appeals panel or one-judge dis-
trict court. And this Court also will have the beneft of the
prior decisions in the case at hand from the court of appeals
and the district court.
Some might argue that preliminary disputes over the le-
gality of major new statutes and executive actions can draw
this Court into diffcult or controversial matters earlier than
 Cite as: (2025) 877

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

we might like, as distinct from what happens on our slower-
moving merits docket. That is an understandable concern.
But when it comes to the interim status of major new federal
statutes and executive actions, it is often important for rea-
sons of clarity, stability, and uniformity that this Court be
the decider. And Members of the Court have life tenure so
that we can make tough calls without fear or favor. As with
the merits docket, the Court's role in resolving applications
for interim relief is to neutrally referee each matter based
on the relevant legal standard. Avoiding controversial or
diffcult decisions on those applications is neither feasible
nor appropriate.
Some might also worry that an early or rushed decision on
an application could "lock in" the Court's assessment of the
merits and subtly deter the Court from later making a differ-
ent fnal decision. But in deciding applications for interim
relief involving major new statutes or executive actions, we
Page Proof Pending Publication
often have no choice but to make a preliminary assessment
of likelihood of success on the merits; after all, in cases of
that sort, the other relevant factors (irreparable harm and
the equities) are often very weighty on both sides. See Lab-
rador v. Poe, (2024) (Kavanaugh, J.,
concurring in grant of stay). Moreover, judges strive to
make the correct decision based on current information not-
withstanding any previous assessment of the merits earlier
in the litigation. It is not uncommon to think and decide
differently when one knows more. This Court has done so
in the past, see West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943), and undoubtedly will continue to do so in
the future.
To reiterate, this Court should not insert itself into run-
of-the-mill preliminary-injunction cases where we are not
likely to grant certiorari down the road. But determining
the nationally uniform interim legal status for several years
of, say, the Clean Power Plan or Title IX regulations or mife-
pristone rules is a role that the American people appropri-
878 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

ately expect this Court -- and not only the courts of appeals
or district courts -- to fulfll.

* * *
The volume of preliminary-injunction and other pre-
enforcement litigation over new federal laws and executive
actions coming to this Court has been growing in recent years.
That trend is in part the result of the increasing number of
major new executive actions by recent Presidential adminis-
trations (of both political parties) that have had diffculty
passing signifcant new legislation through Congress.
Meanwhile, applications for stays or injunctions in capital-
punishment cases, election disputes, and other time-sensitive
matters (including numerous COVID -- 19-related disputes in
the few years beginning in 2020) have also continued to come
to this Court on a steady basis, as they traditionally have.
Although the volume of applications has increased, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Court's responsibility for deciding consequential applications
for stays or injunctions is not new. See, e. g., West Virginia
v. EPA, (2016) (temporarily enjoining Clean
Power Plan); Purcell v. Gonzalez, (2006) (per cu-
riam) (vacating injunction pending appeal regarding state
voter ID law); Rubin v. United States, (1998)
(Rehnquist, C. J., in chambers) (denying stay pending certio-
rari of order enforcing subpoenas to Secret Service agents
regarding their observations of the President); Schlesinger
v. Holtzman, (1973) (Marshall, J., in chambers)
(staying District Court's injunction that had ordered a halt
to bombing in Cambodia); Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v.
Sawyer, 589 (1952) (after expedited oral
argument, affrming District Court's preliminary injunction
that proscribed seizure of steel mills by government); cf. Ro-
senberg v. United States, -- 285 (1953) (vacat-
ing stay of execution of the Rosenbergs).
Today's decision on district court injunctions will not af-
fect this Court's vitally important responsibility to resolve
 Cite as: (2025) 879

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

applications for stays or injunctions with respect to major
new federal statutes and executive actions. Deciding those
applications is not a distraction from our job. It is a critical
part of our job. With that understanding, I join the Court's
opinion in full.

Justice Sotomayor, with whom Justice Kagan and
Justice Jackson join, dissenting.
Children born in the United States and subject to its laws
are United States citizens. That has been the legal rule
since the founding, and it was the English rule well before
then. This Court once attempted to repudiate it, holding in
Dred Scott v. Sandford, 19 How. 393 (1857), that the children
of enslaved black Americans were not citizens. To remedy
that grievous error, Congress passed in 1866 and the States
ratifed in 1868 the Fourteenth Amendment's Citizenship
Clause, which enshrined birthright citizenship in the Consti-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tution. There it has remained, accepted and respected by
Congress, by the Executive, and by this Court. Until today.
It is now the President who attempts, in an Executive
Order (Order or Citizenship Order), to repudiate birthright
citizenship. Every court to evaluate the Order has deemed
it patently unconstitutional and, for that reason, has enjoined
the Federal Government from enforcing it. Undeterred, the
Government now asks this Court to grant emergency relief,
insisting it will suffer irreparable harm unless it can deprive
at least some children born in the United States of citizen-
ship. See Protecting the Meaning and Value of American
Citizenship, Exec. Order No. 14160, 90 Fed. Reg. 8449 (2025).
The Government does not ask for complete stays of the
injunctions, as it ordinarily does before this Court. Why?
The answer is obvious: To get such relief, the Government
would have to show that the Order is likely constitutional,
an impossible task in light of the Constitution's text, history,
this Court's precedents, federal law, and Executive Branch
practice. So the Government instead tries its hand at a dif-
880 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

ferent game. It asks this Court to hold that, no matter how
illegal a law or policy, courts can never simply tell the Execu-
tive to stop enforcing it against anyone. Instead, the Gov-
ernment says, it should be able to apply the Citizenship
Order (whose legality it does not defend) to everyone except
the plaintiffs who fled this lawsuit.
The gamesmanship in this request is apparent and the
Government makes no attempt to hide it. Yet, shamefully,
this Court plays along. A majority of this Court decides
that these applications, of all cases, provide the appropriate
occasion to resolve the question of universal injunctions and
end the centuries-old practice once and for all. In its rush
to do so the Court disregards basic principles of equity as
well as the long history of injunctive relief granted to
nonparties.
No right is safe in the new legal regime the Court creates.
Today, the threat is to birthright citizenship. Tomorrow, a
different administration may try to seize frearms from law-
Page Proof Pending Publication
abiding citizens or prevent people of certain faiths from gath-
ering to worship. The majority holds that, absent cumber-
some class-action litigation, courts cannot completely enjoin
even such plainly unlawful policies unless doing so is neces-
sary to afford the formal parties complete relief. That hold-
ing renders constitutional guarantees meaningful in name
only for any individuals who are not parties to a lawsuit.
Because I will not be complicit in so grave an attack on our
system of law, I dissent.
I
The majority ignores entirely whether the President's Ex-
ecutive Order is constitutional, instead focusing only on the
question whether federal courts have the equitable authority
to issue universal injunctions. Yet the Order's patent un-
lawfulness reveals the gravity of the majority's error and
underscores why equity supports universal injunctions as ap-
propriate remedies in this kind of case. As every conceiv-
 Cite as: (2025) 881

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

able source of law confrms, birthright citizenship is the law
of the land.
A
The Citizenship Clause provides that "[a]ll persons born or
naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdic-
tion thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the
State wherein they reside." U. S. Const., Amdt. 14,.
That means what it says. Nestled in the Fourteenth
Amendment alongside the Equal Protection Clause, the Citi-
zenship Clause does not discriminate on the basis of race,
sex, ethnicity, religion, or, importantly here, parentage. It
refers instead to "[a]ll persons born or naturalized in the
United States." Ibid.
Besides birth, there is only one condition: that one be "sub-
ject to the jurisdiction" of the United States. Yet that con-
dition too leaves no room for ambiguity. To be "subject to
the jurisdiction" of the United States means simply to be
Page Proof Pending Publication
bound to its authority and its laws. See 1 N. Webster, An
American Dictionary of the English Language 732 (C. Good-
rich & N. Porter eds. 1865) (defning jurisdiction as the
"[p]ower of governing or legislating," or "the power or right
of exercising authority"). As the Government would pre-
sumably concede, virtually everyone born in the United
States and present in its territory is subject to its authority
and its laws. After all, "[t]he jurisdiction of the nation
within its own territory is necessarily exclusive and abso-
lute." Schooner Exchange v. McFaddon, 7 Cranch 116, 136
(1812) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). Once a citizen of an-
other nation steps onto United States soil, she is (with nar-
row exception) "amenable to the jurisdiction" of the United
States. Id., at 144. That is why "no plausible distinction
with respect to Fourteenth Amendment `jurisdiction' can be
drawn between resident aliens whose entry into the United
States was lawful, and resident aliens whose entry was un-
lawful." Plyler v. Doe, (1982).
882 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Few constitutional questions can be answered by resort
to the text of the Constitution alone, but this is one. The
Fourteenth Amendment guarantees birthright citizenship.

B
Unsurprisingly given the clarity of the Citizenship
Clause's text, every other source of interpretation confrms
this conclusion. Consider, frst, its history. Long before
the Fourteenth Amendment, and indeed before the founding,
the common-law rule of jus soli (literally, right of the soil)
governed English citizenship. That rule rendered a per-
son's birthplace determinative of her citizenship status.
Thus, "[t]he children of aliens, born... in England," gener-
ally were "natural-born subjects, and entitled to all the privi-
leges of such." 1 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on the Laws
of England 361 -- 362 (1765); see also H. Broom & G. Denman,
Constitutional Law Viewed in Relation to Common Law 31
Page Proof Pending Publication
(2d ed. 1885) (describing Calvin's Case (1608), which estab-
lished that "[e]very one born within the dominions of the
King of England... is... entitled to enjoy all the rights
and liberties of an Englishman").
That English common-law rule carried over to the United
States after the founding. Shortly after the Constitution's
ratifcation, James Madison observed that "it [was] an estab-
lished maxim that birth is a criterion of allegiance," i. e., of
citizenship. 1 Annals of Cong. 404 (1789). Birth, he ex-
plained, could convey citizenship in two ways: either through
"place" (under the "right of the soil" principle) or through
"parentage" (as for one born to United States citizens).
Ibid. "[B]ut, in general," Madison explained, "place is the
most certain criterion" and "it is what applies in the United
States." Ibid. Mere decades later, Justice Story wrote
that "[n]othing is better settled... than the doctrine that
the children even of aliens born in a country... are subjects
by birth." Inglis v. Trustees of Sailor's Snug Harbour in
City of New York, 3 Pet. 99, 164 (1830). Well before the
 Cite as: (2025) 883

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Fourteenth Amendment, then, it was the undisputed "law of
the United States [that] every person born within the domin-
ions and allegiance of the United States, whatever were the
situation of his parents, is a natural born citizen." Lynch v.
Clarke, 1 Sand. Ch. 583, 663 (N. Y. Ch. 1844).
Though the law was clear, the Nation did not always live
up to its promise. Infamously, this Court departed from the
birthright citizenship principle in Dred Scott, 19 How. 393,
holding that the children of enslaved black Americans "are
not included, and were not intended to be included, under
the word `citizens' in the Constitution." Id., at 404. Fol-
lowing the Civil War, the Reconstruction Congress corrected
that grave error. Section 1 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866,
14 Stat. 27, declared that "all persons born in the United
States and not subject to any foreign power" would be "citi-
zens of the United States." The Fourteenth Amendment's
guarantee of birthright citizenship followed two years later.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The lawmakers who ratifed the Fourteenth Amendment
understood that it would extend citizenship to all children
born here, regardless of parental citizenship. Indeed, some
objected to its passage on those grounds, complaining that
it would permanently extend citizenship to immigrants who
"invade [state] borders" and "settle as trespassers." Cong.
Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess., 2891 (1866). Proponents
agreed, if not with the anti-immigrant sentiment, that the
Clause would extend citizenship to the children of immi-
grants. For example, Senator Conness of California (one of
the Amendment's lead supporters) confrmed on the foor
"that the children born here of Mongolian parents shall be
declared by the Constitution of the United States to be enti-
tled to civil rights and to equal protection before the law."
Id., at 2892. "We have declared that by law" in the Civil
Rights Act, he explained, and "now it is proposed to incorpo-
rate the same provision in the fundamental instrument of the
nation." Id., at 2891. Not one Senator disagreed with this
understanding of the Clause.
884 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

In the end, "[t]he Citizenship Clause was no legal innova-
tion." J. Ho, Defning "American": Birthright Citizenship
and the Original Understanding of the 14th Amendment, 9
Green Bag 2d 367, 369 (2006); see also id., at 368 ("Birthright
citizenship is guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment.
That birthright is protected no less for children of undocu-
mented persons than for descendants of Mayfower passen-
gers"). "It simply restored the longstanding English com-
mon law doctrine of jus soli" abrogated by Dred Scott. Ho,
9 Green Bag 2d, at 369; see also M. Ramsey, Originalism and
Birthright Citizenship, 109 Geo. L. J. 405, 472 (2020) (The
"central purpose" of the Citizenship Clause "was, of course,
to overrule Dred Scott").
C
Following the ratifcation of the Fourteenth Amendment,
this Court confrmed the Amendment's plain meaning in
United States v. Wong Kim Ark, (1898). At
Page Proof Pending Publication
issue was the citizenship of Wong Kim Ark, a young Califor-
nia resident born in San Francisco to Chinese immigrant par-
ents. Id., at 652. When Wong returned to California from
a trip to China, a custom's collector denied him entry on the
sole ground that he was not a citizen of the United States.
Id., at 653.
This Court held that "[t]he Fourteenth Amendment af-
frms the ancient and fundamental rule of citizenship by birth
within the territory." Id., at 693. As the President does
today, the Government in Wong Kim Ark rested its case on
the Clause's sole qualifer. Wong was not subject to the ju-
risdiction of the United States, the Government claimed, be-
cause at birth his parents were aliens in the United States
who were "subjects of the emperor of China," thus making
Wong a subject of the emperor of China as well. Id., at 652 -- 
653. This Court squarely rejected that attempt to limit the
Citizenship Clause's reach. Instead, it held, the " `subject to
the jurisdiction' " qualifer excludes only "children born of
alien enemies in hostile occupation, and children of diplo-
 Cite as: (2025) 885

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

matic representatives of a foreign State," id., at 682, "with
the single additional exception of children of members of the
Indian tribes owing direct allegiance to their several tribes,"
id., at 693.1
That holding conclusively settled any remaining dispute
over the Citizenship Clause's meaning. Since then, all three
branches of Government have unfinchingly adhered to it.
This Court, for one, has repeatedly reaffrmed Wong Kim
Ark's holding. Notwithstanding legislation purporting to
render Japanese persons "ineligible" for citizenship, we held
in Morrison v. California, (1934), that a child
with Japanese parents "is a citizen of the United States if he
was born within the United States." Id., at 85. The Court
recognized the same rule even during World War II, when
individuals of Japanese ancestry were subject to curfew and
exclusion orders. See Hirabayashi v. United States, -- 97 (1943). So too has the Court recognized that
the child of parents unlawfully present in the United States
Page Proof Pending Publication
"is, of course, an American citizen by birth." United States
ex rel. Hintopoulos v. Shaughnessy, (1957).
The same is true of children whose parents gained admission
into the United States by unlawful means. See, e. g., INS v.
1
The frst two exceptions "ha[d] already been shown, by the law of Eng-
land, and by our own law, from the time of the frst settlement of the
English colonies in America, [to be] recognized exceptions to the funda-
mental rule of citizenship by birth within the country." Wong Kim Ark,
169 U. S., at 682. The additional exception for certain children born to
Indian tribe members refected the country's historical understanding that
Indian tribes were "quasi foreign nations" within the physical boundaries
of the United States. See Cong. Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess., 2890 (1866).
Treaties between many tribes and the Federal Government, at the time,
ensured that it was the tribe, and not the United States Government, that
had "prescriptive and law enforcement authority" over tribal members.
M. Ramsey, Originalism and Birthright Citizenship, 109 Geo. L. J. 405,
443 -- 444 (2020); see id., at 442 -- 444. Congress eventually extended birth-
right citizenship to tribal members born in the United States in 1924.
See Indian Citizenship Act of 1924, ch. 233, 43 Stat. 253, 8 U. S. C..
These exceptions are not at issue in these cases.
886 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Errico, -- 216 (1966); INS v. Rios-Pineda,
(1985).
Congress, for its part, has also reaffrmed the principles of
birthright citizenship by enshrining it in a federal statute.
Section 201 of the Nationality Act of 1940 provides that all
those "born in the United States, and subject to the jurisdic-
tion thereof," "shall be nationals and citizens of the United
States at birth." 8 U. S. C. ; see also Taggart v. Lor-
enzen, (2019) (recognizing "longstanding
interpretive principle" that if statutory term "is ` "obviously
transplanted from another legal source," ' it ` "brings the old
soil with it" ' ").
For at least the last century, the Executive Branch has
adhered to the same principle. When Congress proposed to
reaffrm birthright citizenship in the 1940 Nationality Act,
cabinet offcials described it as "a statement of the common-
law rule, which has been in effect in the United States from
Page Proof Pending Publication
the beginning of its existence." House Committee on Immi-
gration and Naturalization, Nationality Laws of the United
States, 76th Cong., 1st Sess., 7 (Comm. Print 1939). Indeed,
the Government concedes even now that the Executive
Branch has recognized the vitality of birthright citizenship
"at least back to World War II, if not earlier." App. to Op-
position to Application in No. 24A886, p. 323a. That ex-
plains, among other things, why the Social Security Adminis-
tration and the Department of State have long accepted
proof of one's birthplace as proof of citizenship. See 44 Fed.
Reg. 10369, 10371 (1979); 20 CFR.107(d), 422.103(c)(2)
(2024); 22 CFR.40, 51.42 (2024).
Some decades ago, the Offce of Legal Counsel was asked
to respond to a House bill that would have denied birthright
citizenship to " `children born in the United States to parents
who are not citizens or permanent resident aliens.' " 19 Op.
OLC 340, 341 (1995). The answer well summed up the state
of the law: This "offce grapples with many diffcult and close
issues of constitutional law. The lawfulness of this bill is not
 Cite as: (2025) 887

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

among them. This legislation is unquestionably unconstitu-
tional." Ibid.
II
A
Undeterred by the Constitution, history, Supreme Court
precedent, federal law, and longstanding Executive Branch
practice, President Donald J. Trump issued Executive Order
No. 14160 on the day of his inauguration that purported to
redefne American citizenship. The Order declares that
United States citizenship does not extend to persons who are
born to a mother unlawfully present in the United States, or
lawfully present on a temporary basis, and a father who is
neither a citizen nor lawful permanent resident. Ibid. It
further prohibits federal agencies from issuing citizenship
documentation to such persons or accepting state documen-
tation to that effect, and it directs a slew of federal offcials
to conform agency regulations to the Order. Id., at 8449 -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
8450. The prohibition, according to the Order, applies "only
to persons who are born within the United States after 30
days from the date of th[e] order." Id., at 8449.

B
Shortly after the President issued the Citizenship Order,
several groups of plaintiffs (together, respondents) chal-
lenged the Order in Federal District Courts in Maryland,
Massachusetts, and Washington. Respondents include: a
group of pregnant women2 whose children will not be United
States citizens under the terms of the Citizenship Order; two
immigrants-rights organizations with thousands of members
across the country who are likely to give birth to children
2
Two of these women seek to represent a class of pregnant women and
children residing in Washington State, who are affected by the Citizenship
Order. See Complaint in No. 2:25 -- cv -- 00127 (WD Wash., Feb. 4, 2025),
ECF Doc. 106. The District Court has yet to rule on the certifcation of
that putative class.
888 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

who would also be denied citizenship under the Order; and
22 States, the District of Columbia, and the city of San Fran-
cisco. In their respective suits, respondents asserted that
the Citizenship Order violates the Fourteenth Amendment
and.
Respondents also sought a preliminary injunction barring
enforcement of the Citizenship Order during the pendency
of the litigation. If allowed to go into effect, they said, the
policy would infict irreparable harm on their children (and
their members' children) by denying them "enjoyment of the
full privileges, rights, and benefts that come with U. S. citi-
zenship," and rendering them vulnerable to unlawful depor-
tation before the Courts could adjudicate their constitutional
claim. Complaint in No. 8:25 -- cv -- 00201 (D Md., Jan. 21,
2025), p. 6, ¶12; see also Complaint in No. 2:25 -- cv -- 00127 (WD
Wash., Feb. 4, 2025), ECF Doc. 106, pp. 33 -- 36, ¶¶120 -- 139
(Washington Complaint).
Page Proof Pending Publication
As for the States, they attested that enforcement of the
Citizenship Order would cost them millions of dollars in fed-
eral funding and impose signifcant administrative burdens.
The States "administer numerous programs for the beneft
of their residents, including for newborns and young chil-
dren, some of whom are wards of the Plaintiff States who are
entitled to care by statute." Id., at 23, ¶79. Those social
welfare programs include ones provided for by state law, as
well as ones established by federal law, such as Medicaid and
the Children's Health Insurance Program: Several of them
"are funded in part by federal dollars, with federal funding
frequently tied to the citizenship and immigration status of
the individuals served." Ibid. By stripping some children
within the States of their citizenship, the Order would re-
duce the States' federal funding, "forc[ing the States] to bear
signifcantly increased costs to operate and fund programs
that ensure the health and well-being of their residents."
Id., at 6, ¶8, 4 -- 5, ¶6; see also Opposition to Application in
No. 24A886 (New Jersey), pp. 9 -- 11; Complaint in No. 1:25 -- 
 Cite as: (2025) 889

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

cv -- 10139 (D Mass., Jan. 21, 2025), pp. 23 -- 42, ¶¶121 -- 201.
Relatedly, because the States must verify the citizenship sta-
tus of the individuals they serve, the States alleged that the
Citizenship Order would force them to expend signifcant
sums to "modif[y] their... operational structures and admin-
istration" to account for the changes in citizenship. Wash-
ington Complaint 6, ¶8; see also Opposition to Application in
No. 24A886 (New Jersey), at 9 -- 11.
All three District Courts preliminarily enjoined enforce-
ment of the Citizenship Order. Each court determined that
the Citizenship Order was likely unlawful, that respondents
were likely to face irreparable harm without an injunction,
and that the equities and public interest cut decisively in
respondents' favor. See 763 F. Supp. 3d 723, 727, 744 -- 745
(Md. 2025); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142, 1152 -- 1153 (WD Wash. 2025);
Doe v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d 266, 274, 285 -- 287 (Mass. 2025).
The District Courts further determined that only injunc-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tions blocking the Citizenship Order's enforcement nation-
wide would completely redress respondents' injuries. For
the organizational plaintiffs, the Maryland District Court ex-
plained that those plaintiffs have " `over 680,000 members...
who reside in all 50 U. S. states' " and "hundreds of them
expect to give birth soon." 763 F. Supp. 3d, at 746. The
Washington District Court found that "a geographically lim-
ited injunction would be ineffective" for the state plaintiffs
"as it would not completely relieve [the States] of the Order's
fnancial burden(s)." 765 F. Supp. 3d, at 1153. For one
thing, that court explained, the constant fow of people mov-
ing in and out of various States meant some children born
to noncitizen parents in a nonplaintiff State would later re-
side in a plaintiff State. Once there, those children (under
state law) would be eligible for state benefts. Yet due to
the Citizenship Order, the plaintiff States would no longer
receive federal funding to support those benefts. In addi-
tion, the plaintiff States would have to create an entirely
new administrative and recordkeeping system to accommo-
890 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

date children who were not citizens under the Order and
born in a nonplaintiff State. So if the District Court allowed
birthright citizenship to continue for children born in the
plaintiff States, but not in any other State, that would not
completely redress the States' fnancial injury. Ibid.
For identical reasons, the Massachusetts District Court
also found that the state plaintiffs' injuries could be re-
dressed only by a universal injunction. See 766 F. Supp. 3d,
at 288 ("The harms [the States] have established stem from
the [Order's] impact on the citizenship status -- and the abil-
ity to discern or verify such status -- for any child located or
seeking various services within their jurisdiction").
The Government fled motions to stay the injunctions in
three separate Courts of Appeals. Nowhere did the Gov-
ernment contest the District Courts' uniform holdings that
the Citizenship Order likely violated the Constitution. In-
stead, it challenged only the scope of the ordered relief, ar-
Page Proof Pending Publication
guing that the injunctions should be narrowed to block the
Order's enforcement against only the individual persons
named in the complaints.
All three appellate courts denied the Government's re-
quest and left the preliminary injunctions intact. See 131
F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025); 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025);
2025 WL 553485 (CA9, Feb. 19, 2025). The Fourth Circuit,
which reviewed the preliminary injunction issued to the or-
ganizational plaintiffs, concluded that "[t]he district court...
carefully explained why an injunction limited to the par-
ties -- including organizations with hundreds of thousands of
members nationwide -- would be unworkable in practice and
thus fail to provide complete relie[f] to the plaintiffs." 2025
WL 654902, *1. The First and Ninth Circuits left undis-
turbed the Massachusetts and Washington District Courts'
respective determinations that only universal injunctions
would fully redress the States' injuries. See 131 F. 4th, at
42 -- 43; 2025 WL 553485, *1.
 Cite as: (2025) 891

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

On March 13, the Government fled emergency applica-
tions with this Court requesting partial stays of the three
preliminary injunctions of the Citizenship Order. The Gov-
ernment renews its contention that the injunctions must be
narrowed to beneft only formal parties in these cases.

III
In partially granting the Government's remarkable re-
quest, the Court distorts well-established equitable princi-
ples several times over. A stay, this Court has said, " `is
not a matter of right,' " but rather " `an exercise of judicial
discretion.' " Nken v. Holder, (2009). For
centuries, courts have "close[d] the doors" of equity to those
"tainted with inequitableness or bad faith relative to the
matter in which [they] seek relief." Precision Instrument
Mfg. Co. v. Automotive Maintenance Machinery Co., (1945). Yet the majority throws the doors of
Page Proof Pending Publication
equity open to the Government in a case where it seeks to
undo a fundamental and clearly established constitutional
right. The Citizenship Order's patent unlawfulness is rea-
son enough to deny the Government's applications.
The Government also falls well short of satisfying its bur-
den to show that it will likely suffer irreparable harm absent
a stay and that it will likely succeed on the merits of its
challenge to the scope of the injunctions. Nken, 556 U. S.,
at 434 -- 435. The Executive Branch has respected birthright
citizenship for well over a century, and it advances no plausi-
ble reason why maintaining the status quo while the litiga-
tion proceeds would cause it irrevocable harm. Nor could
it, for the Constitution and federal law prohibit the enforce-
ment of the Citizenship Order.
For all that, moreover, the Government is not even correct
on the merits of universal injunctions. To the contrary, uni-
versal injunctions are consistent with long-established prin-
ciples of equity, once respected by this Court. What is
892 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

more, these cases do not even squarely present the legality
of universal injunctions. That is because, even if the major-
ity were right that injunctions can only offer "complete relief
to the plaintiffs before the court," ante, at 852, each of the
lower courts here correctly determined that the nationwide
relief they issued was necessary to remedy respondents' in-
juries completely. So even ignoring the traditional stay fac-
tors and accepting the majority's view of the merits, there is
no reason to grant relief in these cases.

A
It is a bedrock principle that parties who request a stay
must show they will likely suffer irreparable harm absent
such relief. Indeed, "[t]he authority to grant stays has his-
torically been justifed by the perceived need `to prevent ir-
reparable injury to the parties or to the public' pending re-
view." Nken, 556 U. S., at 432 ). Thus, an apparent
likelihood of success on the merits never suffces on its own
to justify this Court's intervention: Our emergency docket is
not a mechanism for an expedited appeal. Accordingly,
"this Court can avoid delving into the merits" "[i]f the [appli-
cant does not] demonstrat[e an] irreparable harm." Labra-
dor v. Poe, (2024) (Kavanaugh, J., concur-
ring in grant of stay); contra, ante, at 875 -- 878 (Kavanaugh,
J., concurring).
What grave harm does the Executive face that prompts a
majority of this Court to grant it relief? The answer, the
Government says, is the inability to enforce the Citizenship
Order against nonparties. For the majority, that answer
suffces. See ante, at 859 ("When a federal court enters a
universal injunction against the Government, it `improper[ly]
intrude[s]' on `a coordinate branch of the Government' and
prevents the Government from enforcing its policies against
nonparties").
 Cite as: (2025) 893

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

The problem, however, is that the Executive Branch has
no right to enforce the Citizenship Order against anyone.
As the Executive itself once put it, the Order is "unquestion-
ably unconstitutional." Supra, at 887. It defes logic to say
that maintaining a centuries-long status quo for a few
months longer will irreparably injure the Government. See
Starbucks Corp. v. McKinney, -- 346 (2024)
(The "purpose" of equitable relief " `is merely to preserve the
relative positions of the parties until a trial on the merits
can be held' "). The President's "mandate... to exercise his
executive power," Myers v. United States, 
(1926), in any event, does not permit him to rewrite the Con-
stitution or statutory provisions at a whim. By forging
ahead and granting relief to the Government anyway, this
Court endorses the radical proposition that the President is
harmed, irreparably, whenever he cannot do something he
wants to do, even if what he wants to do is break the law.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The majority claims that it can sidestep "analysis of the
Executive Order" altogether because (in its view) every
overbroad injunction necessarily causes irreparable harm
suffcient to warrant emergency intervention. Ante, at 859.
Yet where a purportedly overbroad injunction orders the
Government to do only what this Court has expressly held
it is required to do, it is hard to see how it could cause any
harm. At oral argument, the Government conceded it was
bound to follow this Court's precedent. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
62 -- 63. This Court's precedent establishes beyond a shade
of doubt that the Executive Order is unconstitutional. See
supra, at 880 -- 887. Thus, by enjoining the Government
from violating settled law, the District Courts' orders do not
cause the Government any harm.
The majority's contrary position is self-refuting. Suppose
an executive order barred women from receiving unemploy-
ment benefts or black citizens from voting. Is the Govern-
ment irreparably harmed, and entitled to emergency relief,
894 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

by a district court order universally enjoining such policies?
The majority, apparently, would say yes.
Nothing in this Court's precedents supports that result.
It turns one of the " `most critical' factors we must consider
in deciding whether to grant a stay" into a box-checking ex-
ercise whenever the relevant enjoined action is an executive
one. Trump v. International Refugee Assistance Project,
(2017) (Thomas, J., concurring in part and
dissenting in part). Even accepting that "[a]ny time a State
is enjoined by a court from effectuating statutes enacted by
representatives of its people, it suffers a form of irreparable
injury," Maryland v. King, (2012) (Rob-
erts, C. J., in chambers), that democratic consideration cuts
against the Government in these cases. Through the ratif-
cation of the Fourteenth Amendment, Congress and the
States constitutionalized birthright citizenship. Congress
also codifed birthright citizenship in. It is thus
the Citizenship Order, not the District Courts' injunctions,
Page Proof Pending Publication
that prevents the " `effectuat[ion] ' " of a constitutional
amendment and repeals a " `statut[e] enacted by representa-
tives of [the American] people.' " Id., at 1303.
Simply put, it strains credulity to treat the Executive
Branch as irreparably harmed by injunctions that direct it
to continue following settled law. "All the offcers of the
government, from the highest to the lowest, are creatures of
the law, and are bound to obey it." United States v. Lee,
(1882); but see Trump v. United States,
(2024). The injunctions do no more harm to
the Executive than the Constitution and federal law do.

B
A majority of this Court nonetheless rushes to address the
merits of the Government's applications, holding that univer-
sal injunctions "likely exceed the equitable authority that
Congress has granted to federal courts." Ante, at 837. A
majority that has repeatedly pledged its fealty to "history
 Cite as: (2025) 895

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

and tradition" thus eliminates an equitable power frmly
grounded in centuries of equitable principles and practice.
By stripping all federal courts, including itself, of that power,
the Court kneecaps the Judiciary's authority to stop the Ex-
ecutive from enforcing even the most unconstitutional poli-
cies. That runs directly counter to the point of equity: em-
powering courts to do complete justice, including through
fexible remedies that have historically benefted parties and
nonparties alike.
1
A brief recounting of equity's history demonstrates the
majority's grave error. The American legal system grew
out of English law, which had two primary judicial institu-
tions: the common-law courts and equity courts. Equity
courts arose because of the infexibility of the common-law
system; their purpose was to look beyond formal writs and
provide remedies where the common law gave inadequate
Page Proof Pending Publication
relief. In Blackstone's words, equity was meant "to give
remedy in cases where none was before administered." 3
Commentaries on the Laws of England, at 50.
Adaptability has always been a hallmark of equity, espe-
cially with regard to the scope of its remedies. While
common-law courts were "compelled to limit their inquiry to
the very parties in the litigation before them," equity courts
could "adjust the rights of all, however numerous," and
"adapt their decrees to all the varieties of circumstances,
which may arise, and adjust them to all the peculiar rights
of all the parties in interest." 1 J. Story, Commentaries on
Equity Jurisprudence, pp. 27 -- 28 (2d ed. 1839). After
all, equity's "constant aim" was "to do complete justice." J.
Story, Commentaries on Equity Pleadings, p. 74 (2d ed.
1840). Accordingly, equity courts could "decid[e] upon and
settl[e] the rights of all persons interested in the subject-
matter of the suit, so that the performance of the decree of
the Court may be perfectly safe to those, who are compelled
896 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

to obey it, and also, that future litigation may be pre-
vented." Ibid.
For equity courts, injunctions were "manifestly indispen-
sable for the purposes of social justice in a great variety of
cases." 2 Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227. Unlike this Court, then, those courts "con-
stantly decline[d] to lay down any rule, which shall limit
their power and discretion as to the particular cases, in
which such injunctions shall be granted, or withheld." Ibid.
Justice Story underscored the "wisdom in this course": Eq-
uity courts needed fexibility to craft injunctions for particu-
lar cases, as it was "impossible to foresee all the exigencies of
society which may require their aid and assistance to protect
rights or redress wrongs." Ibid.
In their pursuit of complete justice, equity courts could
award injunctive and other equitable relief to parties and
nonparties alike. For centuries, they did so through what
Page Proof Pending Publication
was known as "bills of peace." If a plaintiff or group of
plaintiffs fled such a bill, an English court could use a single
case to settle disputes affecting whole communities, for "the
inherent jurisdiction of equity" included the power "to inter-
fere for the prevention of a multiplicity of suits." 1 J. Pom-
eroy, Equity Jurisprudence, p. 278 (1881). Bills of
peace issued in cases " `where the parties [were] very numer-
ous, and the court perceive[d] that it [would] be almost im-
possible to bring them all before the court; or where the
question is of general interest, and a few may sue for the
beneft of the whole.' " Ortiz v. Fibreboard Corp., (1999) (CC RI 1820) (Story, J.)). In such cases, a court
could "grant [equitable relief] without making other persons
parties," instead considering them "quasi parties to the rec-
ord, at least for the purpose of taking the beneft of the de-
cree, and of entitling themselves to other equitable relief, if
their rights [were] jeopard[iz]ed." Id., at 723.
 Cite as: (2025) 897

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Early American courts embraced bills of peace and ex-
tended their logic to cases "which [were] not technically `bills
of peace,' but `[were] analogous to,' or `within the principle'
of such bills." 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at
293. One example was taxpayer suits, which allowed courts
to enjoin universally the enforcement of a challenged tax.
Sometimes, such suits were fled "by any number of taxpay-
ers joined as co-plaintiffs, or by one taxpayer suing on behalf
of himself and all others similarly situated." Id., at 277.
But taxpayer suits were not always representative in nature:
Even "a single taxpayer suing on his own account," if victori-
ous, could enjoin the collection of a tax against anyone.
Ibid. Individual plaintiffs, moreover, could secure an order
"to set aside and annul any and every illegal public offcial
action... whereby a debt... would be unlawfully created."
Ibid. By allowing "complete and fnal relief [to] be given to
an entire community by means of one judicial decree," Amer-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ican courts (like their English counterparts) spared nonpar-
ties and themselves from the burden of "an indefnite amount
of separate litigation." Id., at 278.
Federal courts have also exercised equitable authority to
enjoin universally federal and state laws for more than a
century. For instance, before deciding the constitutionality
of a new federal law in Lewis Publishing Co. v. Morgan, (1913), this Court entered an order blocking the
law's enforcement against parties and nonparties. See M.
Sohoni, The Lost History of the "Universal" Injunction, 133
Harv. L. Rev. 920, 944 -- 946 (2020). In Lewis, two newspaper
publishers challenged as unconstitutional a federal law re-
quiring publishers to fle with the Postmaster General twice-
yearly disclosures about their editorial board membership,
corporate ownership, and subscribership. Sohoni, 133 Harv.
L. Rev., at 944. After the District Court upheld the law and
authorized a direct appeal to the Supreme Court, one of the
publishers moved for a restraining order. The proposed
898 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

order sought relief not only for the publisher who fled it, but
asked the Court to " `restrai[n]' " the Postmaster General and
other federal offcials from enforcing the law against " `appel-
lant and other newspaper publishers.' " Id., at 946. This
Court readily agreed, see Journal of Commerce and Com-
mercial Bulletin v. Burleson, (1913)
(per curiam), even as it would have suffced for the movant
publishers' sake to enjoin the Act's enforcement against them
alone pending their appeal.
In Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925), too,
this Court affrmed a universal injunction of Oregon's com-
pulsory public schooling law. See Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev.,
at 959 -- 962. Two private school owners challenged that law
in a suit against the Governor of Oregon and other state
offcials. "The plaintiffs did not sue on behalf of a repre-
sented group or class; they sued for themselves, alleging that
the law was an unconstitutional interference with their prop-
Page Proof Pending Publication
erty rights." Id., at 959. Yet a three-judge federal court
awarded them a universal injunction. See id., at 960 -- 961.
This Court, in affrming that relief, twice described it as "ap-
propriate." Pierce, 268 U. S., at 530, 533. The Court un-
derstood that the injunction it affrmed would provide relief
to nonparties, commenting that such relief was necessary be-
cause enforcing the Act would result not only in the "de-
struction of appellees' primary schools," but would also de-
stroy "perhaps all other private primary schools for normal
children within the State of Oregon." Id., at 534.
Cases like Lewis and Pierce were not outliers. Through-
out the early 20th century, federal courts granted universal
injunctions even when a narrower remedy would have suf-
fced to redress the parties' injuries. See, e. g., West Vir-
ginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943) (affrm-
ing an injunction that shielded the plaintiff class of Jehovah's
Witnesses, and any other children with religious scruples,
from complying with a state law requiring children to salute
the American fag); see also Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev., at
 Cite as: (2025) 899

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

943 -- 993 (collecting cases). It is certainly true that federal
courts have granted more universal injunctions of federal
laws in recent decades. But the issuance of broad equitable
relief intended to beneft parties and nonparties has deep
roots in equity's history and in this Court's precedents.
The universal injunctions of the Citizenship Order ft
frmly within that tradition. The right to birthright citizen-
ship is "clear," the Citizenship Order is an " `illegal act,' " and
without the " `preventive process of injunction,' " the right
will be " `irreparably injured.' " Arthur v. Oakes, 63 F. 310,
328 (CA7 1894) (Harlan, J.) (describing standard for when an
injunction should issue). It would be " `almost impossible,' "
moreover, " `to bring... all [affected individuals] before the
court,' " Ortiz, 527 U. S., at 832, justifying the use of one suit
to settle the issue of the Citizenship Order's constitutionality
for all affected persons. See 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurispru-
dence, at 450 -- 451. Complete justice, the "constant
Page Proof Pending Publication
aim" of equity, Story, Commentaries on Equity Pleadings, at 74, demands a universal injunction: " `the only rem-
edy which the law allows to prevent the commission' " of a
fagrantly illegal policy. Arthur, 63 F., at 328. The District
Courts, by granting such relief, appropriately "settle[d] the
rights of all persons interested in the subject-matter" of
these suits, binding the Government so as to prevent need-
less "future litigation." Story, Commentaries on Equity
Pleadings, at 74.
Of course, as a matter of equitable discretion, courts may
often have weighty reasons not to award universal relief.
Among other things, universal injunctions can prevent dif-
ferent district and appellate courts from considering the
same issues in parallel, forestalling the legal dialogue (or
"percolation") the federal system uses to answer diffcult
questions correctly. Not so here, however, because the Citi-
zenship Order is patently unconstitutional under settled law
and a variety of district and appellate courts have reviewed
the issue. So too can universal injunctions encourage forum
900 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

shopping, by allowing preferred district judges in a venue
picked by one plaintiff to enjoin governmental policies na-
tionwide. They also operate asymmetrically against the
Government, giving plaintiffs a litigation advantage: To halt
Government action everywhere, a plaintiff must win only one
universal injunction across many potential lawsuits. Yet
this is not a scenario where granting universal relief will
encourage forum shopping or give plaintiffs the upper hand.
Quite the opposite: By awarding universal relief below, the
District Courts just ordered the Government to do every-
where what any reasonable jurist would order the Govern-
ment to do anywhere.
There may be good reasons not to issue universal injunc-
tions in the typical case, when the merits are open to
reasonable disagreement and there is no claim of extraordi-
nary and imminent irreparable harm.3 See 2 Story, Commen-
taries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227 ("[Injunctive re-
lief] ought... to be guarded with extreme caution, and applied
Page Proof Pending Publication
only in very clear cases"); cf. ante, at 848 ("[The] use [of bills
of peace] was confned to limited circumstances"). The uni-
versal injunctions in these cases, however, are more than
appropriate. These injunctions, after all, protect newborns
from the exceptional, irreparable harm associated with losing
a foundational constitutional right and its immediate bene-
fts. They thus honor the most basic value of our constitu-
tional system: They keep the Government within the bounds
of law. Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch 137, 163 (1803).

2
The majority's contrary reasoning falls fat. The majority
starts with the Judiciary Act of 1789, which gives federal
3
These prudential considerations, however, have nothing to do with
whether universal injunctions are consistent with historical equitable
principles and practice. Contra, ante, at 856, ; but cf. ante, at 856
("[T]he policy pros and cons [of universal injunctions] are beside the
point").
 Cite as: (2025) 901

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

courts jurisdiction over "all suits... in equity.", 1 Stat.
78. In the majority's telling, universal injunctions are in-
consistent with equity jurisdiction because they are not "suf-
fciently `analogous' to the relief exercised ` "by the High
Court of Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution and the enactment of the original Judiciary
Act." ' " Ante, at 841 -- 842 ). In reaching that ahistorical result, the
Court claims that the English Chancellor's remedies were
"typically" party specifc, and emphasizes that party-specifc
principles have permeated this Court's understanding of eq-
uity. Ante, at 842 -- 844.
The majority's argument stumbles out the gate. As the
majority must itself concede, injunctions issued by English
courts of equity were "typically," but not always, party spe-
cifc. Ante, at 842. After all, bills of peace, for centuries,
Page Proof Pending Publication
allowed English courts to adjudicate the rights of parties not
before it, and to award remedies intended to beneft entire
affected communities. Taxpayer suits, too, could lead to a
complete injunction of a tax, even when only a single plaintiff
fled suit.
The majority seeks to distinguish bills of peace from uni-
versal injunctions by urging that the former (but not the
latter) typically applied to small and cohesive groups and
were representative in nature. See ante, at 849. Yet those
are distinctions without a difference. Equity courts had the
fexibility to "adapt their decrees to all the varieties of
circumstances, which may arise, and adjust them to all
the peculiar rights of all the parties in interest." 1 Story,
Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 28. There
is no equitable principle that caps the number of parties
in interest. Indeed, in taxpayer suits, a single plaintiff
could get the relief of "annul[ling] any and every kind of
tax or assessment" that applied to an entire "county,
town, or city." 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at
902 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

277.4 "[T]he inherent jurisdiction of equity to interfere for
the prevention of a multiplicity of suits," moreover, is what
empowered common law courts to issue bills of peace. Id.,
at 450 -- 451 (4th ed. 1918). That is why early American
courts understood taxpayer suits, in which even a "single
taxpayer suing on his own account" and not on behalf of oth-
ers could secure a total injunction, to be a natural extension
of a bill of peace. Id., at 277 (1881).5
It is also unclear why " `cohesive[ness]' " or "representa-
tive[ness]" would preclude even those universal injunctions
that, like here, beneft a discrete and cohesive group. Ante,
at 848. The Citizenship Order itself applies only to a subset
group of newborn children: that is, children born to a mother
unlawfully or temporarily present, and a father who is nei-
ther a citizen nor lawful permanent resident. Those moth-

4
Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923), which addressed a tax-
payer's standing to challenge a federal appropriation, did not consider how
Page Proof Pending Publication
broadly a court could enjoin Government action and is therefore not to the
contrary. Id., at 488; contra, ante, at 850.
5
The majority asserts that taxpayer suits are an "inadequate historical
analogy" for a universal injunction, ibid., but cannot dispute their essential
similarity: By providing relief to an entire affected community, both do
more than merely redress a plaintiff's injuries. Instead, the majority
says that single-plaintiff, nonrepresentative taxpayer suits cannot be
proper "historical" analogues because they trace only back to the "mid-
19th century." See ibid. Yet the same is true of plaintiff-protective in-
junctions against federal and state government offcials, an equitable rem-
edy the majority embraces by reference to "a long line of cases authorizing
suits against state offcials in certain circumstances" that range from the
cusp of the mid-19th century to the late mid-19th century. Ante, at 846,. In any event, early American courts deemed taxpayer suits " `analo-
gous to,' [and] `within the principle of '... bills [of peace],' " 1 Pomeroy,
Equity Jurisprudence, at 293, which trace back to the equitable prac-
tice of the English Chancery Court, ante, at 848. Nor is it clear why it
matters that individual taxpayer suits occurred in state courts, or that
those courts did not always award the broad injunctions available to them.
Contra, ante, at 850. The relevant question is simply whether a court of
equity could award injunctive relief to nonparties. The answer to that
question is, obviously, yes.
 Cite as: (2025) 903

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

ers and fathers share "not only [a common] interest in the
question, but one in common in the subject-matter of th[is]
suit." Scott v. Donald, (1897). Nor is
there any doubt that at least the individual respondents ade-
quately represent the injunction's benefciaries: Like all af-
fected parents, they "are necessarily interested in obtaining
the relief sought" to preserve their children's citizenship.
Emmons v. National Mut. Bldg. & Loan Assn. of NY, 135
F. 689, 691 (CA4 1905) (explaining the "well-known doctrine
of equity jurisprudence" that " `the relief sought by [a plain-
tiff]' " must be " `benefcial to those whom he undertakes to
represent' " )). What was true of bills of peace is thus
true of these universal injunctions and universal injunctions
generally, too: Both allow courts to " `adjudicate the rights
of members of dispersed groups without formally joining
them to a lawsuit through the usual procedures.' " Ante,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 848.
That bills of peace bear some resemblance to modern day
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 class actions does not
mean they cannot also be a historical analogue to the univer-
sal injunction. Contra, ante, at 849 ("The bill of peace lives
in modern form" as the "modern class action... governed
in federal court by Rule 23," "not as the universal injunc-
tion"). In the majority's view, Rule 23 class actions, but not
universal injunctions, would "be recognizable to an English
Chancellor" because the limitations on class actions mirror
those that applied to bills of peace. Ibid. (Rule 23 "requires
numerosity (such that joinder is impracticable), common
questions of law or fact, typicality, and representative par-
ties who adequately protect the interests of the class");
cf. supra, at 902 (explaining why the universal injunctions
in these cases are consistent with those limits). To the
extent that English Chancellors would care about the dif-
ferences between Rule 23 and universal injunctions, the
majority provides absolutely no reason to conclude they
904 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

would think the former permissible and not the latter. To
the contrary, unlike the Court today, the English Chancery
Court recognized that principles of equity permit granting
relief to nonparties. The history of bills of peace makes that
apparent, particularly because they went beyond what Rule
23 permits. See ante, at 849 (The modern "Rule 23 is in
some ways `more restrictive of representative suits than the
original bills of peace' "). They are thus a common ancestor
to both class actions and universal injunctions.
In any event, nothing in Rule 23 purports to supplant or
modify federal courts' equitable authority under the Judi-
ciary Act to grant relief to nonparties, nor could it. Contra,
ante, at 849 -- 850. The majority frets that universal injunc-
tions, if permissible, will empower federal courts to create
de facto class actions at will, thereby circumventing Rule
23's procedural protections. Ibid. Those concerns, how-
ever, have not been borne out in reality. Rule 23 has coex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
isted with universal injunctions against the Government for
decades. Universal injunctions also cannot supplant the
paradigm form of class actions, which seek money damages.
In all events, to the extent the majority's concern has any
teeth, reviewing courts are already well equipped to safe-
guard Rule 23's procedural protections. If there is a genu-
ine lack of clarity as to the lawfulness of challenged Govern-
ment action, district courts may well abuse their discretion
by refexively issuing universal injunctions where a Rule 23
class action would be more appropriate. See Ashcroft v.
American Civil Liberties Union, (2004)
(standard of review for preliminary injunctions is " `abuse
of discretion' ").
The majority next insists that the practice of "founding-
era courts of equity in the United States" cuts against uni-
versal injunctions, and that this Court "consistently rebuffed
requests for relief that extended beyond the parties." Ante,
at 843. The majority's account is irreconcilable with early
 Cite as: (2025) 905

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

American bills of peace and the history of taxpayer suits. It
further contradicts this Court's practice, in cases like Lewis,
Pierce, and Barnette, of affrming and granting universal in-
junctions even when narrower, plaintiff-focused injunctions
would have offered complete relief to the parties. See
supra, at 897 -- 898. The majority instead focuses on one case
from 1897, in which this Court "permitted only a narro[w]
decree between `the parties named as plaintiff and defend-
ants in the bill,' " ante, at 843, over others, including from the same period, doing just
the opposite. The majority offers no principled basis to
deem the question resolved by a single case from 1897 while
cases just a few years later charted a different course. In-
deed, if the relevant inquiry turns on "founding-era prac-
tice," then there is no reason why a case from 1897 should
be dispositive. Ante, at 845,.
In the majority's telling, Scott merely "illustrates that as
late as 1897, this Court adhered to a party-specifc view of
Page Proof Pending Publication
relief." Ante, at 843,. Nothing in Scott, however, dic-
tates that equitable relief must always be party specifc. To
the contrary, just one year after Scott, the Court endorsed
the opposite view: "Only a court of equity," the Court ex-
plained, "is competent to... determine, once for all and
without a multiplicity of suits, matters that affect not simply
individuals, but the interests of the entire community."
Smyth v. Ames, (1898); see also id., at 517
("[T]he Circuit Court of the United States, sitting in equity,
can make a comprehensive decree covering the whole ground
of controversy and thus avoid the multiplicity of suits that
would inevitably arise under the statute").6 The majority

6
Regardless of the actual decree the Smyth court approved, see ante,
at 843, its analysis clearly reveals that the Court understood equity
to permit broad relief intended to beneft parties and nonparties alike.
That is why this Court later approved or granted universal injunctions
in Lewis, Pierce, and Barnette without "address[ing] the propriety of uni-
906 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

does not identify a single case, from the founding era or oth-
erwise, in which this Court held that federal courts may
never issue universal injunctions or broad equitable relief
that extends to nonparties. That is to be expected, given
the historical support for such relief and its use in bills of
peace and taxpayer suits.
Most critically, the majority fundamentally misunder-
stands the nature of equity by freezing in amber the precise
remedies available at the time of the Judiciary Act. Even
as it declares that " `[e]quity is fexible,' " ante, at 846, the
majority ignores the very fexibility that historically allowed
equity to secure complete justice where the rigid forms of
common law proved inadequate. Indeed, "[i]n th[e] early
times [of the common law] the chief juridical employment of
the chancellor must have been in devising new writs, di-
rected to the courts of common law, to give remedy in cases
where none before was administered." 3 Blackstone, Com-
mentaries on the Laws of England, at 50. Adaptability has
Page Proof Pending Publication
thus always been at the equity's core. Hence why equity
courts "constantly decline[d] to lay down any rule, which
shall limit their power and discretion as to the particular
cases, in which such injunctions shall be granted, or with-
held." 2 Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227. The Judiciary Act of 1789 codifed equity
itself, not merely a static list of remedies.
Historical analogues are no doubt instructive and provide
important guidance, but requiring an exact historical match
for every equitable remedy defes equity's purpose. Equity
courts understood the "wisdom" in keeping injunctive relief
fexible, for it was "impossible to foresee all the exigencies of
society which may require their aid and assistance to protect
rights or redress wrongs." Ibid. Of course, in assessing
whether a remedy falls within federal courts' equity jurisdic-
tion under the Judiciary Act, this Court has asked "whether
versal relief." Ante, at 845,. See also Lewis Publishing Co. v. Mor-
gan, (1913); Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925);
West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943).
 Cite as: (2025) 907

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

the relief... was traditionally accorded by courts of equity."
Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 319. Grupo Mexicano, how-
ever, does not dictate the level of generality for that histori-
cal inquiry, and general principles of equity that themselves
existed at the founding militate against requiring a near
exact match as the majority does. Cf. United States v. Ra-
himi, (2024) ("The law must comport with
the principles underlying the Second Amendment, but it
need not be a `dead ringer' or a `historical twin' ").
Indeed, equitable relief in the United States has evolved
in one respect to protect rights and redress wrongs that even
the majority does not question: Plaintiffs today may obtain
plaintiff-protective injunctions against Government offcials
that block the enforcement of unconstitutional laws, relief
exemplifed by Ex parte Young, (1908). That
remedy, which traces back to the equity practice of mid-19th
century courts, fnds no analogue in the relief exercised in
the English Court of Chancery, which could not enjoin the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Crown or English offcers. See supra, at 902, ; see also
Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev., at 928, 1002 -- 1006; see also R.
Fallon, D. Meltzer, & D. Shapiro, Hart and Wechsler's The
Federal Courts and the Federal System 958 -- 959 (5th
ed. 2003) (noting that, in Young, "the threatened conduct of
the defendant would not have been an actionable wrong
at common law" and that the "principle [in Young] has
been easily absorbed in suits challenging federal offcial ac-
tion"). Under the majority's rigid historical test, however,
even plaintiff-protective injunctions against patently un-
lawful Government action should be impermissible.7 Such a
result demonstrates the folly of treating equity as a closed
system, rather than one designed to adapt to new
circumstances.
7
The majority's expressed support for such injunctions is thus irrecon-
cilable with its view that equitable remedies must be very closely " `analo-
gous' to the relief exercised ` "by the High Court of Chancery in England
at the time of the adoption of the Constitution and the enactment of the
original Judiciary Act." ' " Ante, at 841 -- 842.
908 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

The relative absence of universal injunctions against the
United States before the late 20th century, moreover, refects
constitutional and procedural limitations on judicial power,
not equitable ones. Brief for Legal Historians as Amici Cu-
riae in No. 24A884, pp. 13 -- 16. Until the enactment of the
Amendments to the Administrative Procedure Act in 1976,
sovereign immunity barred most suits against the Federal
Government. Id., at 14 -- 15, p. 339 (2016)). Offcer
suits against Cabinet offcials before that point, moreover,
could be brought only in Washington, D. C., due to limits on
personal jurisdiction and venue that existed at the time.
Brief for Legal Historians as Amici Curiae in No. 24A884,
at 15 -- 16. The later emergence of universal injunctions
against the United States followed the removal of those bar-
riers and the expansion of federal actions and laws. The
rise of universal injunctions therefore represents equity's es-
sential adaptation to modern governance.
Page Proof Pending Publication
It is a "common expression... that Courts of Equity
delight to do justice, and not by halves." Story, Commen-
taries on Equity Pleadings, at 74. The majority, how-
ever, delights to do justice by piecemeal. Its decision to
strip the federal courts of the authority to issue universal
injunctions of even fagrantly unlawful Government action
represents a grave and unsupported diminution of the judi-
cial power of equity. Centuries ago, Chief Justice Marshall
warned that "[i]f the legislatures of the several states may,
at will, annul the judgments of the courts of the United
States, and destroy the rights acquired under those judg-
ments, the constitution itself becomes a solemn mockery."
United States v. Peters, 5 Cranch 115, 136 (1809). The Court
should have heeded that warning today.

C
Even the majority's view of the law cannot justify issuance
of emergency relief to the Government in these cases, for the
 Cite as: (2025) 909

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

majority leaves open whether these particular injunctions
may pass muster under its ruling. Indeed, the lower courts
issued the challenged injunctions consistent with an equita-
ble principle that even the majority embraces: Courts may
award an equitable remedy when it is "necessary to provide
complete relief to the plaintiffs." Califano v. Yamasaki, (1979). As the majority recounts, "[t]he equi-
table tradition has long embraced the rule that courts gener-
ally `may administer complete relief between the parties.' "
Ante, at 851 ; emphasis deleted).8
So too does the Court recognize that, in some cases, com-
plete relief will require a broad remedy that necessarily ben-
efts nonparties. See ante, at 852, ("There may be
other injuries for which it is all but impossible for courts to
craft relief that is both complete and benefts only the named
plaintiffs"); see also Gill v. Whitford, -- 67
(2018) ("[T]he only way to vindicate an individual plaintiff 's
Page Proof Pending Publication
right to an equally weighted vote [is] through a wholesale
`restructuring of the geographical distribution of seats in a
state legislature' "). Hence the majority's nuisance hypo-
thetical: If a plaintiff sues her neighbor for playing loud
music at night, a court can order the neighbor to turn off the
music at night, even if doing so will naturally beneft other
neighbors who are not parties to the suit. See ante, at
851 -- 852.
The majority need not resort to hypotheticals, however,
because the very injunctions in these cases were necessary
to give respondents complete relief. Indeed, each District
Court found that a universal injunction was the only feasible
option to redress fully respondents' injuries. See 763
F. Supp. 3d, at 746 (concluding that "[o]nly a nationwide in-
8
That explains the majority's bottom line, in which it declares that the
Government's applications are "granted, but only to the extent that the
injunctions are broader than necessary to provide complete relief to each
plaintiff with standing to sue." Ante, at 861.
910 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

junction will provide complete relief to the plaintiffs" be-
cause the organizational plaintiffs have " `over 680,000 mem-
bers... who reside in all 50 U. S. states and several U. S.
territories' " and " `[h]undreds or even thousands' " of those
members " `will give birth to children in the United States
over the coming weeks and months' " (alterations in origi-
nal)); 765 F. Supp. 3d, at 1153 ("[A] geographically limited
injunction would be ineffective, as it would not completely
relieve [the plaintiff States] of the Order's fnancial bur-
den(s)"); 766 F. Supp. 3d, at 288 (explaining that "injunctive
relief limited to the State plaintiffs [would be] inadequate"
because it would "fai[l] in providing complete relief to the
State plaintiffs").
Recognizing as much, the majority retreats to the view
that, even if a court "can award complete relief," it "should
[not] do so" refexively. Ante, at 853 -- 854; see also ante, at
854 ("Complete relief is not a guarantee -- it is the maximum
Page Proof Pending Publication
a court can provide"); ante, at 863 (opinion of Thomas, J.)
(suggesting courts "err insofar as they treat complete relief
as a mandate"). Even so, the Court never suggests that the
District Courts in these cases should not have awarded relief
to the parties that completely remedied their alleged inju-
ries. Nor could it. The majority recognizes that "in equity,
`the broader and deeper the remedy the plaintiff wants, the
stronger the plaintiff's story needs to be.' " Ante, at 854.
Here, respondents paired their respective requests for com-
plete relief with the strongest story possible: Without such
relief, an executive order that violates the Constitution, fed-
eral law, Supreme Court precedent, history, and over a cen-
tury of Executive Branch practice would infringe upon their
constitutional rights or cause them to incur signifcant fnan-
cial and administrative costs.
Perhaps that is why the majority leaves open the possibil-
ity that the District Courts, in these cases, could have
granted at least respondent States a nationwide injunction
consistent with the notion of "complete relief." The major-
 Cite as: (2025) 911

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

ity recognizes, correctly, that the Massachusetts District
Court "decided that a universal injunction was necessary to
provide the States themselves with complete relief." Ante,
at 853.9 And the majority does not dispute the basis for
those decisions: "Children often move across state lines or
are born outside their parents' State of residence," and
"th[is] cross-border fow" would make an injunction protect-
ing only children born in the party States "unworkable."
Ibid. A narrower injunction would "require [the States] to
track and verify the immigration status of the parents of
every child, along with the birth State of every child for
whom they provide certain federally funded benefts." Ibid.
Unrebutted record evidence bears this out and shows that
the Citizenship Order would irreparably harm the States,
even if it does not apply to children born within their bound-
aries. The Court does not contend otherwise. That should
be the end of the matter.
Nevertheless, the majority suggests that the District
Page Proof Pending Publication
Courts might consider, after this Court hands down its deci-
sion, whether some alternative narrower injunction would
provide the States complete relief. See ante, at 854. What
would such an injunction look like, and would it be feasible?
The Court does not say. The majority does note, but takes
no position on, two narrower injunctions the Government
claims would still give complete relief to the States: an order
prohibiting the Government from enforcing the Citizenship
Order in respondent States, including as to state residents
born elsewhere; or an order directing the Government to
9
In the majority's telling, the Washington District Court "acknowledged
the state respondents' complete-relief argument but primarily granted a
universal injunction" based on its weighing of the equities. See ante, at
853,. Not so. That court carefully explained why "a geographically
limited injunction would be ineffective, as it would not completely relieve
[the States] of the Order's fnancial burden(s)." 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142,
1153 -- 1154 (2025). A narrower injunction, it explained, would be "un-
workable" and would itself likely impose new "recordkeeping and adminis-
trative burden[s]" on the States. Id., at 1154.
912 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

treat children covered by the Citizenship Order as eligible
for federally funded welfare benefts when those children re-
side in a respondent State. See ibid..
As an initial matter, the Government never raised those
narrower injunctions to the District Courts, meaning it for-
feited them. That is what the First Circuit expressly held,
131 F. 4th, at 43 ("declining to consider" those alternatives
because they were "raised for [the] frst time... in support
of stay pending appeal of preliminary injunction"), and the
majority does not dispute the point. It is true that plaintiffs
seeking a preliminary injunction bear the burden of making
"a clear showing that [they are] entitled to such relief."
Winter v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., (2008). The States met that burden, however: They
presented what is still uncontroverted evidence that an in-
junction applicable only to children born within their borders
Page Proof Pending Publication
would give them less than complete relief. Accordingly, it
was reasonable for the District Courts to fashion the reme-
dies that they did, for they were "not obligated to undertake
the task of chiseling from the government's across-the-board
[Executive Order] a different policy the government never
identifed, endorsed, or defended." J. D. v. Azar, 925 F. 3d
1291, 1336 (CADC 2019) (per curiam).
Those proffered alternatives, moreover, are unworkable
on their face. Each would require creating a two-tiered
scheme in which the Government's recognition of some chil-
dren's citizenship status or eligibility for federally funded
benefts would change based on whether a child resides in
one of respondent States at any given moment. That
scheme would have to operate, somehow, without imposing
an administrative burden on respondent States or disrupting
their receipt of federal funds to which they are entitled.
"[T]he regular movement of the American people into and
out of different States... would make it diffcult to sensibly
 Cite as: (2025) 913

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

maintain such a scattershot system." Ante, at 872 (opinion
of Kavanaugh, J.).
Such a system would also be incompatible with federal law.
Some statutes, like those governing Medicaid and Supple-
mental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefts, re-
quire States to give benefts only to applicants with a Social
Security number and to use those numbers for certain ad-
ministrative purposes. See, e. g., 7 U. S. C. ; 42
U. S. C. -- 7(a)(1). States could not comply with those
laws under the Government's alternative injunctions because
children covered by the Citizenship Order in nonparty States
would still be treated as noncitizens at birth. Thus, when
some of those children later move to one of respondent
States, they would lack Social Security numbers. No mat-
ter how it is done, discarding the nationwide status quo of
birthright citizenship would result in chaos.
What is more, the principle of complete relief does not re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
quire courts to award only the absolute narrowest injunction
possible. To conclude otherwise would eviscerate the "dis-
cretion and judgment" that is integral to the crafting of injunc-
tive relief. International Refugee Assistance Project, 582
U. S., at 579. Indeed, equitable relief "[t]raditionally... has
been characterized by a practical fexibility in shaping its rem-
edies and by a facility for adjusting and reconciling public and
private needs." Brown v. Board of Education, (1955) (footnote omitted). That is why the court in the
majority's nuisance hypothetical can "order the defendant to
turn her music down," or to turn it "off," even though the latter
is technically more burdensome on the defendant than neces-
sary to give the plaintiff complete relief. Ante, at 851 -- 852.
Accordingly, the District Courts appropriately determined
that the "only one feasible option" that would give complete
relief to the States was a universal injunction. See ante, at
851. Clearly, the majority is asking the lower courts them-
914 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

selves to explain what is patently obvious about the Govern-
ment's proposed injunctions and any others that can be
imagined.
Inexplicably, however, the Court declares that, for the as-
sociational and individual respondents, injunctions enjoining
the Government from enforcing the Citizenship Order
against them (and only them) would have suffced. See ante,
at 852 -- 853. In fashioning equitable relief, however, courts
must take into account " `what is workable.' " North Caro-
lina v. Covington, (2017) (per curiam).
Just like the injunction that the majority blesses in the con-
text of its nuisance-suit hypothetical, which will bestow a
peaceful night upon the plaintiff's neighbors even when the
plaintiff is not herself at home, the preliminary injunction for
the associational and individual respondents refects what is
practicable. As the Maryland District Court found, " `hun-
dreds or even thousands' " of the associational respondents'
Page Proof Pending Publication
members, who reside in all 50 States, " `will give birth to
children in the United States over the coming weeks and
months.' " 763 F. Supp. 3d, at 746. Theoretically, it might
be possible for a court to fashion an injunction that runs to
each of the thousands of expectant mothers in that group.
But see ante, at 872 (opinion of Kavanaugh, J.) ("Often, it is
not especially workable or sustainable or desirable to have a
patchwork scheme... in which a major new federal statute
or executive action... applies to some people or organiza-
tions in certain States or regions, but not to others"). Yet
anything less than a nationwide injunction creates a risk that
the Government, inadvertently or intentionally, will enforce
the Citizenship Order against some of the plaintiffs' children
before this Court rules defnitively on the Order's lawfulness.
A narrower injunction would necessarily task "[t]hose [re-
sponsible for] determining a baby's citizenship status... with
[correctly] confrming [biological] parentage, the citizenship
or immigration status of both [biological] parents, and mem-
bership in specifc organizations." Opposition to Applica-
 Cite as: (2025) 915

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

tion for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884, p. 24.
That, in turn, would "impose an enormous burden on expect-
ing parents, membership organizations, government employ-
ees at all levels, and hospital staff," increasing the risk of
mistake. Ibid. The risk of noncompliance is also particu-
larly stark here, where the challenged action itself refects
an utter disregard for settled precedent, and given the Gov-
ernment's repeated insistence that it need not provide notice
to individuals before their sudden deportations. See, e. g.,
A. A. R. P. v. Trump, (2025) (per curiam);
Department of Homeland Security v. D. V. D., 606 U. S.
-- -- -- , -- -- -- (2025) (Sotomayor, J., dissenting). The majority
does not identify a narrower alternative that is both practical
and mitigates that risk.
At the very least, there is no reason to think that the Dis-
trict Court abused its discretion in deciding that only a na-
tionwide injunction could protect the plaintiffs' fundamental
rights. See Ashcroft, 542 U. S., at 664 (setting forth the
Page Proof Pending Publication
standard of review). "Crafting a preliminary injunction,"
after all, "is an exercise of discretion and judgment, often
dependent as much on the equities of a given case as the
substance of the legal issues it presents." International
Refugee Assistance Project, 582 U. S., at 579. Applying def-
erential abuse-of-discretion review, the Fourth Circuit em-
phasized that "[t]he district court... carefully explained why
an injunction limited to the parties -- including organizations
with hundreds of thousands of members nationwide -- would
be unworkable in practice and thus fail to provide complete
relie[f] to the plaintiffs." 2025 WL 654902, *1. The major-
ity gives no justifcation for deeming the District Court's rea-
soned assessment an abuse of discretion.

D
The equities and public interest weigh decisively against
the Government. For all of the reasons discussed, the Citi-
zenship Order is patently unconstitutional. To allow the
916 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Government to enforce it against even one newborn child is
an assault on our constitutional order and antithetical to eq-
uity and public interest. Cf. Salazar v. Buono, -- 715 (2010) (plurality opinion) (" `[A] court must never ig-
nore... circumstances underlying [equitable relief] lest the
decree be turned into an "instrument of wrong" ' ").
Meanwhile, newborns subject to the Citizenship Order will
face the gravest harms imaginable. If the Order does in fact
go into effect without further intervention by the District
Courts, children will lose, at least for the time being, "a most
precious right," Kennedy v. Mendoza-Martinez, (1963), and "cherished status" that "carries with it
the privilege of full participation in the affairs of our society,"
Knauer v. United States, (1946). Affected
children also risk losing the chance to participate in Ameri-
can society altogether, unless their parents have suffcient
resources to fle individual suits or successfully challenge the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Citizenship Order in removal proceedings. Indeed, the
Order risks the "creation of a substantial `shadow popula-
tion' " for covered children born in the United States who
remain here. Plyler, 457 U. S., at 218. Without Social Se-
curity numbers and other documentation, these children will
be denied critical public services, like SNAP and Medicaid,
and lose the ability to engage fully in civic life by being born
in States that have not fled a lawsuit. Worse yet, the Order
threatens to render American-born children stateless, a sta-
tus "deplored in the international community" for causing
"the total destruction of the individual's status in organized
society." Trop v. Dulles, -- 102 (1958) (plural-
ity opinion). That threat hangs like a guillotine over this
litigation.
The Order will cause chaos for the families of all affected
children too, as expecting parents scramble to understand
whether the Order will apply to them and what ramifcations
it will have. If allowed to take effect, the Order may even
wrench newborns from the arms of parents lawfully in the
 Cite as: (2025) 917

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

United States, for it purports to strip citizenship from the
children of parents legally present on a temporary basis.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 8449. Those newborns could face deporta-
tion, even as their parents remain lawfully in the country.
In light of all these consequences, there can be no serious
question over where the equities lie in these cases.

IV
The Court's decision is nothing less than an open invitation
for the Government to bypass the Constitution. The Execu-
tive Branch can now enforce policies that fout settled law
and violate countless individuals' constitutional rights, and
the federal courts will be hamstrung to stop its actions fully.
Until the day that every affected person manages to become
party to a lawsuit and secures for himself injunctive relief,
the Government may act lawlessly indefnitely.
Not even a decision from this Court would necessarily
Page Proof Pending Publication
bind the Government to stop, completely and permanently,
its commission of unquestionably unconstitutional conduct.
The majority interprets the Judiciary Act, which defnes the
equity jurisdiction for all federal courts, this Court included,
as prohibiting the issuance of universal injunctions (unless
necessary for complete relief). What, besides equity, en-
ables this Court to order the Government to cease com-
pletely the enforcement of illegal policies? The majority
does not say. So even if this Court later rules that the Citi-
zenship Order is unlawful, we may nevertheless lack the
power to enjoin enforcement as to anyone not formally a
party before the Court. In a case where the Government is
acting in open defance of the Constitution, federal law, and
this Court's holdings, it is naive to believe the Government
will treat this Court's opinions on those policies as "de facto"
universal injunctions absent an express order directing total
nonenforcement. Ante, at 873 (opinion of Kavanaugh, J.).
Indeed, at oral argument, the Government refused to com-
mit to obeying any court order issued by a Federal Court of
918 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

Appeals holding the Citizenship Order unlawful (except with
respect to the plaintiffs in the suit), even within the relevant
Circuit. Tr. of Oral Arg. 61 -- 63. To the extent the Govern-
ment cannot commit to compliance with Court of Appeals
decisions in those Circuits, it offers no principled reason why
it would treat the opinions of this Court any differently na-
tionwide. Thus, by stripping even itself of the ability to
issue universal injunctions, the Court diminishes its role as
"the ultimate decider of the interim [and permanent] legal
status of major new federal statutes and executive actions."
Ante, at 870 (opinion of Kavanaugh, J.).
There is a serious question, moreover, whether this Court
will ever get the chance to rule on the constitutionality of a
policy like the Citizenship Order. Contra, ante, at 873 (opin-
ion of Kavanaugh, J.) ("[T]he losing parties in the courts of
appeals will regularly come to this Court in matters involv-
ing major new federal statutes and executive actions"). In
Page Proof Pending Publication
the ordinary course, parties who prevail in the lower courts
generally cannot seek review from this Court, likely leaving
it up to the Government's discretion whether a petition will
be fled here.10 These cases prove the point: Every court to
consider the Citizenship Order's merits has found that it is
unconstitutional in preliminary rulings. Because respond-
ents prevailed on the merits and received universal injunc-
tions, they have no reason to fle an appeal. The Govern-
ment has no incentive to fle a petition here either, because
the outcome of such an appeal would be preordained. The
Government recognizes as much, which is why its emergency

10
On rare occasion, this Court has permitted a party who prevailed in
the lower courts nonetheless to obtain this Court's review of a legal ques-
tion. See, e. g., Camreta v. Greene, (2011) (allowing a
government offcial who prevailed on grounds of qualifed immunity to
challenge an underlying adverse constitutional ruling). Those exceptions
have no relevance here, however, because there is no adverse determina-
tion for respondents to challenge.
 Cite as: (2025) 919

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

applications challenged only the scope of the preliminary
injunctions.
Even accepting that this Court will get the opportunity to
"ac[t] as the ultimate decider" of patently unlawful policies,
ante, at 870 (opinion of Kavanaugh, J.), and that the Execu-
tive Branch will treat this Court's opinions as de facto uni-
versal injunctions,11 it is still necessary for the lower courts
to have the equitable authority to issue universal injunc-
tions, too. As Justice Kavanaugh notes, it can take, at a
minimum, "weeks" for an application concerning a major new
policy to reach this Court. Ibid. In the interim, the Gov-
ernment may feel free to execute illegal policies against non-
parties and cause immeasurable harm that this Court may
never be able to remedy. Indeed, in these cases, there is a
serious risk the Government will seek to deport newborns
whose parents have not fled suit if all the injunctions are
narrowed on remand. That unconscionable result only un-
Page Proof Pending Publication
derscores why it is necessary, in some cases, for lower courts
to issue universal injunctions.
Fortunately, in the rubble of its assault on equity jurisdic-
tion, the majority leaves untouched one important tool to
provide broad relief to individuals subject to lawless Govern-
ment conduct: Rule 23(b)(2) class actions for injunctive relief.

11
The majority insists that the constitutionality of the Citizenship Order
will come before this Court eventually and that, when it does, the Govern-
ment will obey this Court's resulting opinion with respect to all newborn
children. Ante, at 859 -- 860,. Why? The majority is sure that the
Government will honor its oral-argument promises to " `seek cert' " when
it " `lose[s] one of ' " its pending appeals and to "respect both the judgments
and opinions of this Court." Ibid.. The
majority's certainty that the Government will keep its word is nothing
short of a leap of faith, given that the Government has adopted a plainly
unconstitutional policy in defance of this Court's precedent and then
gamed the system to stymie this Court's consideration of the policy's mer-
its. In any event, the Government's promise is cold comfort to the many
children whose parents do not fle a lawsuit and whose citizenship status
remains in fux pending this Court's review.
920 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

That mechanism may provide some relief, but it is not a per-
fect substitute for a universal injunction. First, a named
plaintiff must incur the higher cost of pursuing class relief,
which will involve, at a minimum, overcoming the hurdle of
class certifcation. " `[D]emonstrating th[e] prerequisites' "
of numerosity, commonality and typicality and the adequacy
of the named plaintiff to represent the class " `is diffcult and
time consuming and has been getting harder as a result of
recent court decisions and federal legislation.' " Chicago v.
Barr, 961 F. 3d 882, 917 (CA7 2020) ; alterations in original). " `Courts have height-
ened the evidentiary standard for class certifcation' " as
well, " `requiring hearings and sometimes significant
amounts of evidence on the merits of the class before certify-
ing the class.' " 961 F. 3d, at 917. In recent years, more-
over, " `courts have started to deny class certifcation if they
Page Proof Pending Publication
think there has been a faw in class defnition,' " sometimes
" `without frst allowing the plaintiffs to amend that defni-
tion in response to the court's concerns.' " Ibid. What is
more, " `defendants can seek interlocutory review of a court's
decision to certify a class, adding further delay and expense
to the certifcation process.' " Ibid. Hence why some " `de-
scrib[e] the class certifcation process as a "drawn-out proce-
dural bog," which comes with signifcant expense and delay
for the would be class member.' " Ibid. Indeed, at oral ar-
gument, the Government refused to concede that a class
could be certifed to challenge the Citizenship Order and
promised to invoke Rule 23's barriers to stop it. See Tr. of
Oral Arg. 31 -- 32.
Nevertheless, the parents of children covered by the Citi-
zenship Order would be well advised to fle promptly class-
action suits and to request temporary injunctive relief for
the putative class pending class certification. See
A. A. R. P., 605 U. S., at 98; Califano, 442 U. S., at 701 -- 703;
see also ante, at 869 (opinion of Kavanaugh, J.) (recognizing
 Cite as: (2025) 921

Jackson, J., dissenting

that lower courts, in some circumstances, can "award prelim-
inary classwide relief that may... be statewide, regionwide,
or even nationwide"). For suits challenging policies as bla-
tantly unlawful and harmful as the Citizenship Order, more-
over, lower courts would be wise to act swiftly on such re-
quests for relief and to adjudicate the cases as quickly as
they can so as to enable this Court's prompt review.

* * *
The rule of law is not a given in this Nation, nor any other.
It is a precept of our democracy that will endure only if those
brave enough in every branch fght for its survival. Today,
the Court abdicates its vital role in that effort. With the
stroke of a pen, the President has made a "solemn mockery"
of our Constitution. Peters, 5 Cranch, at 136. Rather than
stand frm, the Court gives way. Because such complicity
should know no place in our system of law, I dissent.
Page
Justice Proof Pending Publication
Jackson, dissenting.
I agree with every word of Justice Sotomayor's dissent.
I write separately to emphasize a key conceptual point: The
Court's decision to permit the Executive to violate the Con-
stitution with respect to anyone who has not yet sued is an
existential threat to the rule of law.
It is important to recognize that the Executive's bid to
vanquish so-called "universal injunctions" is, at bottom, a re-
quest for this Court's permission to engage in unlawful be-
havior. When the Government says "do not allow the lower
courts to enjoin executive action universally as a remedy for
unconstitutional conduct," what it is actually saying is that
the Executive wants to continue doing something that a
court has determined violates the Constitution -- please allow
this. That is some solicitation. With its ruling today, the
majority largely grants the Government's wish. But, in my
view, if this country is going to persist as a Nation of laws
and not men, the Judiciary has no choice but to deny it.
922 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Jackson, J., dissenting

Stated simply, what it means to have a system of govern-
ment that is bounded by law is that everyone is constrained
by the law, no exceptions. And for that to actually happen,
courts must have the power to order everyone (including the
Executive) to follow the law -- full stop. To conclude other-
wise is to endorse the creation of a zone of lawlessness within
which the Executive has the prerogative to take or leave the
law as it wishes, and where individuals who would otherwise
be entitled to the law's protection become subject to the
Executive's whims instead.
The majority cannot deny that our Constitution was de-
signed to split the powers of a monarch between the govern-
ing branches to protect the People. Nor is it debatable that
the role of the Judiciary in our constitutional scheme is to
ensure fdelity to law. But these core values are strangely
absent from today's decision. Focusing on inapt compari-
sons to impotent English tribunals, the majority ignores the
Judiciary's foundational duty to uphold the Constitution and
Page Proof Pending Publication
laws of the United States. The majority's ruling thus not
only diverges from frst principles, it is also profoundly dan-
gerous, since it gives the Executive the go-ahead to some-
times wield the kind of unchecked, arbitrary power the
Founders crafted our Constitution to eradicate. The very
institution our founding charter charges with the duty to en-
sure universal adherence to the law now requires judges to
shrug and turn their backs to intermittent lawlessness.
With deep disillusionment, I dissent.

I
To hear the majority tell it, this suit raises a mind-
numbingly technical query: Are universal injunctions "suff-
ciently `analogous' to the relief issued `by the High Court of
Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of the Consti-
tution and the enactment of the original Judiciary Act' " to fall
within the equitable authority Congress granted federal
courts in the Judiciary Act of 1789? Ante, at 841 -- 842. But
 Cite as: (2025) 923

Jackson, J., dissenting

that legalese is a smokescreen. It obscures a far more basic
question of enormous legal and practical signifcance: May
a federal court in the United States of America order the
Executive to follow the law?

A
To ask this question is to answer it. In a constitutional
Republic such as ours, a federal court has the power to order
the Executive to follow the law -- and it must. It is axio-
matic that the Constitution of the United States and the stat-
utes that the People's representatives have enacted govern
in our system of government. Thus, everyone, from the
President on down, is bound by law. By duty and nature,
federal courts say what the law is (if there is a genuine dis-
pute), and require those who are subject to the law to con-
form their behavior to what the law requires. This is the
essence of the rule of law.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Do not take my word for it. Venerated fgures in our Na-
tion's history have repeatedly emphasized that "[t]he essence
of our free Government is `leave to live by no man's leave,
underneath the law' -- to be governed by those impersonal
forces which we call law." Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v.
Sawyer, (1952) (R. Jackson, J., concurring).
"Our Government is fashioned to fulfll this concept so far
as humanly possible." Id., at 654 -- 655. Put differently, the
United States of America has " ` "a government of laws and
not of men." ' " Cooper v. Aaron, (1958)
(Frankfurter, J., concurring) (Frankfurter, J., concur-
ring in judgment)); see also, e. g., Mass. Const., pt. 1, Art.
XXX (1780), in 3 Federal and State Constitutions 1893 (F.
Thorpe ed. 1909) (J. Adams); Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch
137, 163 (1803) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court); United States
v. Dickson, 15 Pet. 141, 162 (1841) (Story, J., for the Court).
That familiar adage is more than just mere " `rhetorical
fourish.' " Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23. It is " `the rejection in
924 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Jackson, J., dissenting

positive terms of rule by fat, whether by the fat of govern-
mental or private power.' " Ibid. Indeed, "constitutional-
ism has one essential quality: it is a legal limitation on gov-
ernment; it is the antithesis of arbitrary rule; its opposite is
despotic government, the government of will instead of law."
C. McIlwain, Constitutionalism: Ancient and Modern 21 -- 22
(rev. ed. 1947); see also id., at 21 ("All constitutional govern-
ment is by defnition limited government").
Those who birthed our Nation limited the power of gov-
ernment to preserve freedom. As they knew all too well,
"constant experience shows us that every man invested with
power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as far as
it will go." Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, in 38 Great
Books of the Western World 69 (T. Nugent transl., R. Hutch-
ins ed. 1952). But the Founders reasoned that the vice of
human ambition could be channeled to prevent the country
from devolving into despotism -- ambition could be "made to
counteract ambition." The Federalist No. 51, p. 322 (C. Ros-
Page Proof Pending Publication
siter ed. 1961) (J. Madison). If there were, say, a Constitu-
tion that divided power across institutions "in such a manner
as that each may be a check on the other," then it could be
possible to establish Government by and for the People and
thus stave off autocracy. Ibid.; see also Myers v. United
States, (1926) (Brandeis, J., dissenting) ("The
doctrine of the separation of powers was adopted by the Con-
vention of 1787, not to promote effciency but to preclude
the exercise of arbitrary power"). Through such separated
institutions, power checks power. See Montesquieu, The
Spirit of Laws, at 69. Our system of institutional checks
thus exists for a reason: so that "the private interest of every
individual may be a sentinel over the public rights." The
Federalist No. 51, at 322.
B
The distribution of power between the Judiciary and the
Executive is of particular importance to the operation of a
society governed by law. Made up of " `free, impartial, and
 Cite as: (2025) 925

Jackson, J., dissenting

independent' " judges and justices, the Judiciary checks the
political branches of Government by explaining what the law
is and "securing obedience" with it. Mine Workers, 330
U. S., at 308, 312 (opinion of Frankfurter, J.); see Marbury, 1
Cranch, at 177. The federal courts were thus established
"not only to decide upon the controverted rights of the citi-
zens as against each other, but also upon rights in contro-
versy between them and the government." United States
v. Lee, (1882).
Quite unlike a rule-of-kings governing system, in a rule-
of-law regime, nearly "[e]very act of government may be
challenged by an appeal to law." Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23
(opinion of Frankfurter, J.). In this country, the Executive
does not stand above or outside of the law. Consequently,
when courts are called upon to adjudicate the lawfulness of
the actions of the other branches of Government, the Judi-
ciary plays "an essential part of the democratic process."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 312. Were it otherwise -- were
courts unable or unwilling to command the Government to
follow the law -- they would "sanctio[n] a tyranny" that has
no place in a country committed to "well-regulated liberty
and the protection of personal rights." Lee, 106 U. S., at
221. It is law -- and " `Law alone' " -- that " `saves a society
from being rent by internecine strife or ruled by mere brute
power however disguised.' " Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23 (quot-
ing Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 308).
The power to compel the Executive to follow the law is
particularly vital where the relevant law is the Constitution.
When the Executive transgresses an Act of Congress, there
are mechanisms through which Congress can assert its check
against the Executive unilaterally -- such as, for example, as-
serting the power of the purse. See K. Stith, Congress'
Power of the Purse, 97 Yale L. J. 1343, 1360 (1988) (describing
Congress's ability to "regulat[e] executive branch activities
by limitations on appropriations"). But when the Executive
violates the Constitution, the only recourse is the courts.
926 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Jackson, J., dissenting

Eliminate that check, and our government ceases to be one
of "limited powers." Gregory v. Ashcroft, 
(1991). After all, a limit that "do[es] not confne the perso[n]
on whom [it is] imposed" is no limit at all. Marbury, 1
Cranch, at 176.1
II
With that background, we can now turn to this suit and
focus on the ways in which the majority's ruling undermines
our constitutional system. Justice Sotomayor has laid out
the relevant facts, see ante, at 887 -- 891 (dissenting opinion),
and I will not repeat what she has said. It suffces for my
purposes to reiterate that, before these applications arrived
here, three District Courts had concluded that Executive
Order No. 14160 -- which attempts to alter the Constitution's
express conferral of citizenship on all who are born in this
Nation, Amdt. 14, -- likely violates the Constitution.
Those courts each thus enjoined the Executive from enforc-
Page
1
Proof Pending Publication
These foundational separation-of-powers principles are, of course, the
doctrinal underpinnings of the observations I make in Parts II and III,
infra. If my point is "diffcult to pin down," ante, at 857, that could be
due to the majority's myopic initial framing -- it casts today's emergency
applications as being solely about the scope of judicial authority, while
ignoring (or forgetting) the concomitant expansion of executive power that
results when the equitable remedial power of judges is needlessly re-
stricted. Or perhaps the culprit is the majority's threshold decision to
rest its holding solely on the Judiciary Act, ante, at 841, thereby
facilitating its convenient sidestepping of the startling constitutional impli-
cations that follow from blanket limitations on the Judiciary's response
to the Executive's lawlessness. Whatever the source of the majority's
confusion, there is no question that its statutory holding restricting the
traditional equitable power of federal courts to craft a suitable remedy for
established (or likely) constitutional violations has signifcant ramifcations
for the separation of powers and for constitutional rights more broadly.
Justice Sotomayor thoroughly explains why restricting judges in this
manner is legally and historically unfounded. My goal is to highlight the
myriad ways in which the majority's newly minted no-universal-
injunctions limitation also subverts core constitutional norms and is funda-
mentally incompatible with the rule of law.
 Cite as: (2025) 927

Jackson, J., dissenting

ing that order anywhere, against anyone. See 763 F. Supp.
3d 723 (Md. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1153 (CA4); 765
F. Supp. 3d 1142 (WD Wash. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 
807 (CA9); Doe v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d 266 (Mass. 2025),
appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1170 (CA1). Three Courts of
Appeals then declined to upset these injunctions during
the pendency of the Government's appeals. See 2025 WL
654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025); 2025 WL 553485 (CA9, Feb. 19,
2025); 131 F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025).
The majority now does what none of the lower courts that
have considered Executive Order No. 14160 would do: It
allows the Executive's constitutionally dubious mandate to
go into effect with respect to anyone who is not already a
plaintiff in one of the existing legal actions. Notably, the
Court has not determined that any of the lower courts were
wrong about their conclusion that the executive order likely
violates the Constitution -- the Executive has not asked us to
Page Proof Pending Publication
rule on the lawfulness of Executive Order No. 14160. But
the majority allows the Executive to implement this order
(which lower courts have so far uniformly declared likely un-
constitutional) nonetheless.
Given the critical role of the Judiciary in maintaining the
rule of law, see Part I, supra, it is odd, to say the least, that
the Court would grant the Executive's wish to be freed from
the constraints of law by prohibiting district courts from or-
dering complete compliance with the Constitution. But the
majority goes there. It holds that, even assuming that Ex-
ecutive Order No. 14160 violates the Constitution, federal
courts lack the power to prevent the Executive from continu-
ing to implement that unconstitutional directive.
As I understand the concern, in this clash over the respec-
tive powers of two coordinate branches of Government, the
majority sees a power grab -- but not by a presumably law-
less Executive choosing to act in a manner that fouts the
plain text of the Constitution. Instead, to the majority, the
power-hungry actors are... (wait for it)... the district
928 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Jackson, J., dissenting

courts. See ante, at 837 (admonishing district courts for
daring to "asser[t] the power" to order the Executive to fol-
low the law universally). In the majority's view, federal
courts only have the power to "afford the plaintiff complete re-
lief " in the cases brought before them; they can do nothing
more. Ante, at 851. And the majority thinks a so-called uni-
versal injunction -- that is, a court order requiring the Execu-
tive to follow the law across the board and not just with respect
to the plaintiff -- "grant[s] relief to nonparties." See ante, at
842 -- 844. Therefore, the majority reasons, issuing such or-
ders exceeds district courts' authority. See ante, at 856.
So many questions arise.2 The majority's analysis is fully
interrogated, and countered, in Justice Sotomayor's dis-

2
Although I will not spend much space discussing it here, the majority's
primary premise -- that universal injunctions "grant relief to nonparties" -- 
is suspect. When a court issues an injunction (universal or otherwise), it
does so via an order that governs the relationship between the plaintiff
Page Proof Pending Publication
and the defendant. Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 65(d). That order provides the
plaintiff with relief: If the plaintiff believes that the defendant has vio-
lated the court's order, she may come back to court, injunction in hand,
and demand enforcement or compensation through the mechanism of civil
contempt. See Longshoremen v. Philadelphia Marine Trade Assn., (1967) (recognizing that an "injunction" is "an equitable decree
compelling obedience under the threat of contempt"). As the majority
recognizes, nonparties may beneft from an injunction a court issues in a
plaintiff's case. See ante, at 852. But that does not mean those inciden-
tal benefciaries have received relief -- "the injunction's protection" (i. e.,
the ability to seek contempt) "extends only to the suing plaintiff." Ibid.
An injunction prohibiting the Executive from acting unlawfully operates
precisely the same way. Such an injunction may beneft nonparties as a
practical matter -- but only the named plaintiffs have the right to return
to the issuing court and seek contempt, if the Executive fails to comply.
See Gompers v. Bucks Stove & Range Co., -- 445 (1911)
("Proceedings for civil contempt are between the original parties"); Buck-
eye Coal & R. Co. v. Hocking Valley R. Co., -- 49 (1925)
(holding that a nonparty injured by the defendant's noncompliance with
an injunction could not enforce the injunction); cf. Blue Chip Stamps v.
Manor Drug Stores, (1975) ("[A] consent decree is not
 Cite as: (2025) 929

Jackson, J., dissenting

sent. My objective is to expose the core conceptual fallacy
underlying the majority's reasoning, which, to me, also tends
to demonstrate why, and how, today's ruling threatens the
rule of law.
The pillar upon which today's ruling rests is the majority's
contention that the remedial power of the federal courts is
limited to granting "complete relief " to the parties. Ante,
at 851. And the majority's sole basis for that proposition is
the practice of the High Court of Chancery in England.
Ante, at 842 -- 843. But this cramped characterization of the
Judiciary's function is highly questionable when it comes to
suits against the Executive. That is, even if the majority is
correct that courts in England at the time of the founding
were so limited -- and I have my doubts, see ante, at 895 -- 
897 (Sotomayor, J., dissenting) -- why would courts in our
constitutional system be limited in the same way?
The Founders of the United States of America squarely
rejected a governing system in which the King ruled all, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
all others, including the courts, were his subordinates. In

enforceable directly or in collateral proceedings by those who are not par-
ties to it even though they were intended to be benefted by it"). So, the
majority's concern that universal injunctions inappropriately grant "re-
lief " to nonparties is incorrect. Nonparties may beneft from an injunc-
tion, but only the plaintiff gets relief.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 71 is not to the contrary. Contra, ante,
at 851,. At most, that rule and the cases the majority cites suggest
that, in certain narrow circumstances, a nonparty for whose beneft an
injunction was issued may be able to go to the issuing court and seek
contempt. But "the precise contours of Rule 71... remain unclear,"
Beckett v. Air Line Pilots Assn., 995 F. 2d 280, 287 -- 288 (CADC 1993), and
courts have largely recognized that, to the extent nonparty enforcement
of an injunction is available, the nonparty must stand in a close relation-
ship to the plaintiff or have been specifcally named in the injunction. See
United States v. American Soc. of Composers, Authors, and Publishers,
341 F. 2d 1003, 1008 (CA2 1965) (nonparty could not enforce injunction
where it was "not... named in the judgment" even though it was "indi-
rectly or economically benefted by the decree").
930 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Jackson, J., dissenting

our Constitution-centered system, the People are the rulers
and we have the rule of law. So, it makes little sense to look
to the relationship between English courts and the King for
guidance on the power of our Nation's Judiciary vis-à-vis its
Executive. See The Federalist No. 69, at 416 (A. Hamilton)
(explaining how the President differs from the King, includ-
ing because "[t]he person of the King of Great Britain is sa-
cred and inviolable; there is no constitutional tribunal to
which he is amenable"). Indeed, it is precisely because the
law constrains the Government in our system that the Judi-
ciary's assignment is so broad, per the Constitution. Fed-
eral courts entertain suits against the Government claiming
constitutional violations. Thus, the function of the courts -- 
both in theory and in practice -- necessarily includes announc-
ing what the law requires in such suits for the beneft of all
who are protected by the Constitution, not merely doling out
relief to injured private parties.
Put differently, the majority views the Judiciary's power
Page Proof Pending Publication
through an aperture that is much too small, leading it to
think that the only function of our courts is to provide "com-
plete relief " to private parties. Sure, federal courts do that,
and they do it well. But they also diligently maintain the
rule of law itself. When it comes to upholding the law, fed-
eral courts ensure that all comers -- i. e., everyone to whom
the law applies and over whom the court has personal juris-
diction (including and perhaps especially the Executive) -- 
know what the law is and, most important, follow it.3
3
No one is saying that the reasoning of a district court's opinion, on its
own, "has the legal force of a judgment," ante, at 857; of course it does
not. The real issue today's applications raise is whether district-court opin-
ions are entitled to respect while litigation over the lawfulness of the defend-
ant's conduct is ongoing. As I have explained, the majority's key move is to
start by assuming that the remedial power of federal courts is quite narrow
(i. e., it is only appropriately exercised to grant "complete relief " to the
parties). Ante, at 841 -- 847, 851. The majority forgets (or ignores) that
federal courts also make pronouncements of law and issue orders compel-
ling compliance if violations are identifed. Then, having zeroed in on
 Cite as: (2025) 931

Jackson, J., dissenting

III
Still, upon reading the Court's opinion, the majority's foun-
dational mistake in mischaracterizing the true scope and na-
ture of a federal court's power might seem only marginally
impactful. Indeed, one might wonder: Why all the fuss?
After all, the majority recognizes that district courts can still
issue universal injunctions in some circumstances. See
ante, at 851 -- 853. It even acknowledges that the lower
courts may reimpose the same universal injunctions at issue
in these cases, if the courts fnd on remand that doing so is
necessary to provide complete relief to the named plaintiffs.
See ante, at 854. From the standpoint of outcomes, that's
all welcome news. But, as I explain below, from the per-
spective of constitutional theory and actual practice, disas-
ter looms.
What I mean by this is that our rights-based legal system
can only function properly if the Executive, and everyone
Page Proof Pending Publication
else, is always bound by law. Today's decision is a seismic
shock to that foundational norm. Allowing the Executive to
violate the law at its prerogative with respect to anyone who

solely the courts' plaintiff-specifc-remedies function, the majority unsur-
prisingly insists that a district court cannot respond to the Executive's
decision to violate the law universally by issuing an order compelling uni-
versal cessation of the Executive's unlawful behavior. This kind of broad
injunction is merely one tool in a judge's kit of remedial options -- one that
is directly responsive to the court's duty to uphold the law and the Execu-
tive's decision to consciously violate it -- and it is no more or less binding
than any of the district court's other determinations. So, rather than dis-
dainfully securing permission to disregard the district court's opinion and
continue engaging in unlawful conduct vis-à-vis anyone who is not the
plaintiff, an enjoined Executive that believes the district court was wrong
to conclude that its behavior is unlawful has a rule-of-law-affrming re-
sponse at the ready: It can seek expedited review of the merits on appeal.
District courts themselves also have the fexibility to stay their injunc-
tions pending appeal, if that is requested and the circumstances demand
it. But rather than permit lower courts to adapt their remedies to the
particulars of a given case, the majority today ties judges' hands, requiring
them to acquiesce to executive lawlessness in every situation.
932 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Jackson, J., dissenting

has not yet sued carves out a huge exception -- a gash in the
basic tenets of our founding charter that could turn out to
be a mortal wound. What is more, to me, requiring courts
themselves to provide the dagger (by giving their imprima-
tur to the Executive Branch's intermittent lawlessness)
makes a mockery of the Judiciary's solemn duty to safeguard
the rule of law.
A
Do remember: The Executive has not asked this Court to
determine whether Executive Order No. 14160 complies with
the Constitution. Rather, it has come to us seeking the
right to continue enforcing that order regardless -- i. e., even
though six courts have now said the order is likely unconsti-
tutional. What the Executive wants, in effect, is for this
Court to bless and facilitate its desire to operate in two dif-
ferent zones moving forward: one in which it is required to
follow the law (because a particular plaintiff has secured a
Page Proof Pending Publication
personal injunction prohibiting its unlawful conduct), and an-
other in which it can choose to violate the law with respect
to certain people (those who have yet to sue).
In the frst zone, law reigns. For the named plaintiffs in
the suits before us, for example, the lower courts' determina-
tion that Executive Order No. 14160 is likely unconstitutional
and cannot be implemented has teeth. Per the courts' or-
ders, the Executive is prohibited from denying citizenship to
the offspring of the named plaintiffs. See ante, at 861 (leav-
ing the injunctions in place to the extent "necessary to pro-
vide complete relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue").
Within this zone, the courts' rule of decision -- that Executive
Order No. 14160 is likely unconstitutional -- applies.
But with its ruling today, the majority endorses the cre-
ation of a second zone -- one in which that rule of decision
has no effect. In this zone, which is populated by those who
lack the wherewithal or ability to go to court, all bets are off.
There is no court-issued mandate requiring the Executive to
 Cite as: (2025) 933

Jackson, J., dissenting

honor birthright citizenship in compliance with the Constitu-
tion, so the people within this zone are left to the preroga-
tives of the Executive as to whether their constitutional
rights will be respected. It does not matter what six fed-
eral courts have said about Executive Order No. 14160; those
courts are powerless to make the Executive stop enforcing
that order altogether. In effect, then, that powerlessness
creates a void that renders the Constitution's constraints ir-
relevant to the Executive's actions. Of course, the Execu-
tive might choose to follow the law in this zone as well -- but
that is left to its discretion. And the Solicitor General has
now confrmed that, in the absence of a personal injunction
secured by a particular plaintiff, this Executive's view is that
compliance with lower court rulings on matters of constitu-
tional signifcance is optional.4
I am not the frst to observe that a legal system that oper-
ates on two different tracks (one of which grants to the Exec-
utive the prerogative to disregard the law) is anathema to
Page Proof Pending Publication
the rule of law.5 Thus, the law-free zone that results from

4
The Solicitor General said that quiet part out loud by baldly asserting
that the Executive reserves the right to defy Circuit precedent. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 33 -- 34, 60 -- 61. Although he further suggested that the adminis-
tration would abide by precedent from this Court in future similar cases,
id., at 35, 63, even that seems to be a matter of prerogative, as there is no
inherent limit to the limited-scope-of-authority logic that underlies today's
holding, see ante, at 917 -- 918 (Sotomayor, J., dissenting). The Execu-
tive's less-than-sterling record of compliance with Supreme Court rulings
to date casts further doubt on this compliance claim; as Justice Soto-
mayor has explained, the Executive Order at issue here seems to squarely
violate at least one -- and perhaps fve -- of our bedrock precedents. See
ante, at 884 -- 886 (dissenting opinion).
5
See E. Fraenkel, The Dual State, pp. xiii, 3, 71 (1941) (describing the
way in which the creation of a "Prerogative State" where the Executive
"exercises unlimited arbitrariness... unchecked by any legal guarantees"
is incompatible with the rule of law); see also J. Locke, Second Treatise
of Civil Government 13 (J. Gough ed. 1948) ("[F]reedom of men under
government is to have a standing rule to live by, common to every one of
934 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Jackson, J., dissenting

this Court's near elimination of universal injunctions is not
an unfamiliar archetype. Also eerily echoing history's hor-
rors is the fact that today's prerogative zone is unlikely to
impact the public in a randomly distributed manner. Those
in the good graces of the Executive have nothing to fear; the
new prerogative that the Executive has to act unlawfully
will not be exercised with respect to them. Those who ac-
cede to the Executive's demands, too, will be in the clear.
The wealthy and the well connected will have little diffculty
securing legal representation, going to court, and obtaining
injunctive relief in their own name if the Executive violates
their rights.
Consequently, the zone of lawlessness the majority has
now authorized will disproportionately impact the poor, the
uneducated, and the unpopular -- i. e., those who may not
have the wherewithal to lawyer up, and will all too often fnd
themselves beholden to the Executive's whims. This is yet
another crack in the foundation of the rule of law, which re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
quires "equality and justice in its application." Papachris-
tou v. Jacksonville, (1972). In the end,
though, everyone will be affected, because it is law's even-
handed application -- "to minorities as well as majorities, to
the poor as well as the rich" -- that "holds society together."
Ibid.
The majority "skips over" these consequences. Ante, at
859. No one denies that the power of federal courts is lim-
ited -- both by the Constitution and by Congress. But the
majority seems to forget (or ignores) that the Constitution
that society... and not to be subject to the... arbitrary will of another
man"); The Federalist No. 26, p. 169 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (A. Hamilton)
(contrasting the monarch's "prerogative" with the emergence of "liberty");
Myers v. United States, (1926) (Brandeis, J., dissenting)
("[P]rotection of the individual... from the arbitrary or capricious exer-
cise of power [is] an essential of free government"); Youngstown Sheet &
Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (R. Jackson, J., concurring)
(observing that our Constitution -- which embodies the rule of law -- does
not grant to the Executive the "prerogative exercised by George III").
 Cite as: (2025) 935

Jackson, J., dissenting

and Congress also limit the power of the Executive. In ad-
dition, it is indisputable that the Executive's power to lever-
age physical force in a manner that directly threatens to de-
prive people of life, liberty, or property creates uniquely
harmful risks when unconstrained by law. But the majority
today roots its holding in a purported statutory limitation,
not a constitutional one. Ante, at 841,. And, as I have
explained, our Constitution gives federal courts the author-
ity to order the Executive to stop acting unlawfully. See
Part I, supra. To the extent Congress has attempted to
strip federal courts of that power via the Judiciary Act (and,
to be clear, I do not think it has, for the reasons Justice
Sotomayor discusses, see ante, at 900 -- 908), it is powerless
to do so.
The bottom line is this: If courts do not have the authority
to require the Executive to adhere to law universally, a dual-
track system develops in which courts are ousted as guard-
ians in some situations and compliance with law sometimes
Page Proof Pending Publication
becomes a matter of executive prerogative. But "[t]here can
be no free society without law administered through an inde-
pendent judiciary." Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 312 (opinion
of Frankfurter, J.). "If one man" -- even a very important
man, and even a democratically elected man -- "can be al-
lowed to determine for himself what is law, every man can.
That means frst chaos, then tyranny." Ibid.

B
This leads me to another potentially destructive aspect of
today's decision -- the Court's dismissive treatment of the sol-
emn duties and responsibilities of the lower courts. Sworn
judicial offcers must now put on blinders and take a see-no-
evil stance with respect to harmful executive conduct, even
though those same offcials have already announced that such
conduct is likely unconstitutional. Yes, certain named plain-
tiffs have brought particular lawsuits seeking protection of
their legal rights. But their claim is that Executive Order
936 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Jackson, J., dissenting

No. 14160 violates the Constitution. If the court agrees
with them, why on Earth must it permit that unconstitu-
tional government action to take effect at all?
I have already explained why the majority's answer -- be-
cause the court is powerless to do anything but give "com-
plete relief " to those parties -- is wrong in terms of the actual
scope of federal courts' authority. See Part I, supra. I
now observe that this response also erroneously suggests
that a court does something wrongful when it imposes a uni-
versal injunction in a single plaintiff's lawsuit -- akin to giv-
ing a windfall to those who do not deserve the law's protec-
tion because they have not sued. Ante, at 844, 847 -- 850.
This way of conceptualizing universal injunctions mistakes
that remedy for the unearned spoils of particular adversarial
engagements, rather than a necessary tool employed to de-
fend the Constitution by reinforcing pre-existing rights.
Here is what I mean. Our Constitution indisputably con-
fers individual rights that operate as unequivocal protections
Page Proof Pending Publication
against government action.6 Thus, a constrained Execu-
tive -- i. e., one who is bound by the Constitution not to vio-
late people's rights -- is a public beneft, guaranteed to all
from the start, without regard to the nature or existence
of any particular enforcement action.7 Properly understood,
then, when the Executive violates those pre-existing rights
in a nonparticularized manner, a universal injunction merely

6
See, e. g., Amdt. 1 (prohibiting the government from preventing the
"free exercise" of religion or "abridging the freedom of speech"); Amdt. 2
(prohibiting the government from infringing on the right "to keep and
bear Arms"); Amdt. 4 (prohibiting the government from conducting "un-
reasonable searches and seizures"); Amdt. 5 (prohibiting the government
from depriving persons of "life, liberty, or property, without due process
of law").
7
In this way of framing the issue, nonparties are more than mere "inci-
dental" benefciaries of universal injunctions that require the Executive to
respect constitutional rights. See, supra. Rather, the very concept
of constitutional rights makes the People intended benefciaries of the con-
straints that the Constitution imposes on executive action.
 Cite as: (2025) 937

Jackson, J., dissenting

restores what the People were always owed; that remedy
does not improperly distribute an unearned beneft to those
who did not have the temerity to secure it for themselves by
fling a lawsuit.
Or consider it the other way: When a court is prevented
from enjoining the Executive universally after the Executive
establishes a universal practice of stripping people's constitu-
tional rights, anyone who is entitled to the Constitution's
protection but will instead be subjected to the Executive's
whims is improperly divested of their inheritance. The
Constitution is fipped on its head, for its promises are essen-
tially nullifed.8 So, rather than having a governing system
characterized by protected rights, the default becomes an
Executive that can do whatever it wants to whomever it
wants, unless and until each affected individual affrmatively
invokes the law's protection.
A concrete example helps to illustrate why this turnabout
Page Proof Pending Publication
undermines the rule of law. Imagine an Executive who is-
sues a blanket order that is blatantly unconstitutional -- de-
manding, say, that any and all of its political foes be sum-
marily and indefnitely incarcerated in a prison outside the
jurisdiction of the United States, without any hearing or
chance to be heard in court. Shortly after learning of this
edict, one such political rival rushes into court with his law-
yer, claims the Executive's order violates the Constitution,
and secures an injunction that prohibits the Executive from
enforcing that unconstitutional mandate. The upshot of to-
day's decision is that, despite that rival's success in persuad-

8
Again, the law binds the Executive from the outset in our constitu-
tional scheme, for the beneft of all. See Part I, supra. Thus, a lawsuit
is merely the vehicle that invokes the Judiciary's power to check the Exec-
utive by enforcing the law. The topsy-turvy scheme the majority creates
today gets those well-established norms exactly backward: The law disap-
pears as an initial constraint on the Executive, and apparently only exists
if a particular plaintiff fles a particular lawsuit in a particular court, claim-
ing his (particular) entitlement.
938 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Jackson, J., dissenting

ing a judge of the unconstitutional nature of the Executive's
proclamation, the court's ruling and injunction can only re-
quire the Executive to shelve any no-process incarceration
plan that targets that particular individual (the named
plaintiff); the Executive can keep right on rounding up its
other foes, despite the court's clear and unequivocal pro-
nouncement that the executive order is unlawful.
The majority today says that, unless and until the other
political rivals seek and secure their own personal injunc-
tions, the Executive can carry on acting unconstitutionally
with respect to each of them, as if the Constitution's due
process requirement does not exist. For those who get to
court in time, their right not to be indefnitely imprisoned
without due process will be protected. But if they are un-
able to sue or get to the courthouse too late, the majority
says, oh well, there is nothing to be done, despite the fact
that their detention without due process is plainly prohibited
Page Proof Pending Publication
by law.
A Martian arriving here from another planet would see
these circumstances and surely wonder: "what good is the
Constitution, then?" What, really, is this system for pro-
tecting people's rights if it amounts to this -- placing the onus
on the victims to invoke the law's protection, and rendering
the very institution that has the singular function of ensur-
ing compliance with the Constitution powerless to prevent
the Government from violating it? "Those things Ameri-
cans call constitutional rights seem hardly worth the paper
they are written on!"
These observations are indictments, especially for a Na-
tion that prides itself on being fair and free. But, after
today, that is where we are. What the majority has done is
allow the Executive to nullify the statutory and constitu-
tional rights of the uncounseled, the underresourced, and the
unwary, by prohibiting the lower courts from ordering the
Executive to follow the law across the board. Moreover, of-
fcers who have sworn an oath to uphold the law are now
 Cite as: (2025) 939

Jackson, J., dissenting

required to allow the Executive to blatantly violate it. Fed-
eral judges pledge to support and defend the Constitution of
the United States against all enemies, foreign or domestic.
5 U. S. C.. They do not agree to permit unconstitu-
tional behavior by the Executive (or anyone else). But the
majority forgets (or ignores) this duty, eagerly imposing a
limit on the power of courts that, in essence, prevents judges
from doing what their oaths require.9
I view the demise of the notion that a federal judge can
order the Executive to adhere to the Constitution -- full
stop -- as a sad day for America. The majority's unpersua-
9
The majority highlights a number of policy concerns that some say
warrant restriction of the universal-injunction remedy. Ante, at 855 -- 856.
In my view, those downsides pale in comparison to the consequences of
forcing federal courts to acquiesce to executive lawlessness. Moreover,
and in any event, the various practical problems critics have identifed are
largely overblown. For example, while many accuse universal injunctions
of preventing percolation, the facts of this very suit demonstrate other-
Page Proof Pending Publication
wise: Three different District Courts each considered the merits of Execu-
tive Order No. 14160, and appeals are now pending in three Courts of
Appeals. See supra, at 926 -- 927. Other prudential concerns are better
addressed in more targeted ways, such as by changing venue rules to
prevent forum or judge shopping, or by encouraging lower courts to expe-
dite their review, thereby teeing the merits up for this Court as quickly
as possible.
That is not to say that universal injunctions can or should be issued in
every case; a court must always ft its remedy to the particular case before
it, and those particulars may caution against issuing universal relief in
certain instances. See ante, at 899 -- 900 (Sotomayor, J., dissenting). But
the Court today for the first time ever adopts a blanket authority-
diminishing rule: It declares that courts do not have the power to exercise
their equitable discretion to order the Executive to completely cease act-
ing pursuant to an unlawful directive (unless doing so is necessary to pro-
vide complete relief to a given plaintiff). And, again, this very suit illus-
trates why that bright line rule goes much too far. As Justice
Sotomayor emphasizes, multiple courts have recognized that Executive
Order No. 14160 is "patently unconstitutional under settled law," and those
courts thus issued the relief necessary to "protect newborns from the ex-
ceptional, irreparable harm associated with losing a foundational constitu-
tional right and its immediate benefts." Ibid.
940 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Jackson, J., dissenting

sive effort to justify this result makes it sadder still. It is
the responsibility of each and every jurist to hold the line.
But the Court now requires judges to look the other way
after fnding that the Executive is violating the law, shame-
fully permitting unlawful conduct to continue unabated.
Today's ruling thus surreptitiously stymies the Judiciary's
core duty to protect and defend constitutional rights. It
does this indirectly, by preventing lower courts from telling
the Executive that it has to stop engaging in conduct that
violates the Constitution. Instead, now, a court's power to
prevent constitutional violations comes with an asterisk -- a
court can make the Executive cease its unconstitutional con-
duct *but only with respect to the particular plaintiffs named
in the lawsuit before them, leaving the Executive free to
violate the constitutional rights of anyone and everyone else.

* * *

Page
Make no Proof Pending
mistake: Today's Publication
ruling allows the Executive to
deny people rights that the Founders plainly wrote into our
Constitution, so long as those individuals have not found a
lawyer or asked a court in a particular manner to have their
rights protected. This perverse burden shifting cannot co-
exist with the rule of law. In essence, the Court has now
shoved lower court judges out of the way in cases where
executive action is challenged, and has gifted the Executive
with the prerogative of sometimes disregarding the law. As
a result, the Judiciary -- the one institution that is solely re-
sponsible for ensuring our Republic endures as a Nation of
laws -- has put both our legal system, and our system of gov-
ernment, in grave jeopardy.
"The accretion of dangerous power does not come in a
day." Youngstown, 343 U. S., at 594 (opinion of Frankfurter,
J.). But "[i]t does come," "from the generative force of un-
checked disregard of the restrictions that fence in even the
most disinterested assertion of authority." Ibid. By need-
lessly granting the Government's emergency application to
 Cite as: (2025) 941

Jackson, J., dissenting

prohibit universal injunctions, the Court has cleared a path
for the Executive to choose law-free action at this perilous
moment for our Constitution -- right when the Judiciary
should be hunkering down to do all it can to preserve the
law's constraints. I have no doubt that, if judges must allow
the Executive to act unlawfully in some circumstances, as
the Court concludes today, executive lawlessness will four-
ish, and from there, it is not diffcult to predict how this all
ends. Eventually, executive power will become completely
uncontainable, and our beloved constitutional Republic will
be no more.
Perhaps the degradation of our rule-of-law regime would
happen anyway. But this Court's complicity in the creation
of a culture of disdain for lower courts, their rulings, and the
law (as they interpret it) will surely hasten the downfall of
our governing institutions, enabling our collective demise.
At the very least, I lament that the majority is so caught up
in minutiae of the Government's self-serving, fnger-pointing
Page Proof Pending Publication
arguments that it misses the plot. The majority forgets (or
ignores) that "[w]ith all its defects, delays and inconven-
iences, men have discovered no technique for long preserving
free government except that the Executive be under the law,
and that the law be made by parliamentary deliberations."
Id., at 655 (opinion of R. Jackson, J.). Tragically, the major-
ity also shuns this prescient warning: Even if "[s]uch institu-
tions may be destined to pass away," "it is the duty of the
Court to be last, not frst, to give them up." Ibid.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
Page Proof Pending Publication
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 846, line 10: "lay" is changed to "lie"
p. 859, line 4: "legal and" is inserted before "practical"
p. 879, lines 14 and 15: "the States passed in 1866 and Congress ratifed in
1868" is changed to "Congress passed in 1866 and the States ratifed
in 1868"
p. 886, line 17: "effect in" is inserted after "in"
p. 892, line 13 from bottom: "injury" is changed to "harm"
p. 895, line 17 from bottom: "before was" is changed to "was before"
p. 915, line 25: the frst "the" is deleted

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
The cost of malpractice insurance for doctors and hospi-
tals has significantly increased in some areas of the coun-
try. In response, several States have imposed a screening
mechanism on malpractice suits, requiring plaintiffs to sub-
mit an affidavit from a medical professional attesting to the
suit's merit. We consider whether Delaware's affidavit re-
quirement applies in federal court and hold that it does not.
I
While on a trip to Delaware, Harold Berk fell out of bed.
According to his complaint, he was taken by ambulance to
a hospital owned by Beebe Medical Center, Inc., where an
X ray revealed a fractured ankle. Dr. Wilson Choy recom-
mended that Berk be fitted with a protective boot.
The fitting did not go well. Hospital employees forced
Berk's leg into the boot, twisting his fractured ankle. Still,
Dr. Choy did not immediately order another X ray; he told
Berk to keep weight off his ankle, proposed a follow-up ap-
pointment in two weeks, and sent Berk on his way. At the
follow-up, Berk got a second X ray, which showed that his
2 BERK v. CHOY

Opinion of the Court

ankle was not just fractured but also severely deformed, re-
quiring surgery.
Berk sued Beebe Medical Center and Dr. Choy (whom we
will call defendants) for medical malpractice under Dela-
ware law. Because Berk and defendants are citizens of dif-
ferent States, Berk could sue in federal court based on di-
versity jurisdiction.
Under Delaware law, a plaintiff may not sue for medical
malpractice unless an affidavit of merit "accompanie[s]" the
complaint. Del. Code, Tit. 18, (1) (2025). The affi-
davit must be signed by a medical professional, and it must state that there are "reasonable grounds to be-
lieve that there has been health-care medical negligence
committed by each defendant," (1). A plaintiff with
"good cause" may secure a single 60-day extension of time
in which to file the affidavit, ibid., but he must file the ex-
tension motion before or when he files the complaint,
(2). If an affidavit does not accompany the com-
plaint and the plaintiff has not filed a timely extension mo-
tion, then the clerk of court shall "refuse to file the com-
plaint and it shall not be docketed." (1). The
defendants need not take any action with respect to the
complaint until 20 days after the affidavit of merit is filed.
(4). Upon the defendants' motion, the court must
determine in camera if the affidavit satisfies the statutory
requirements..
Attempting to comply with, Berk immediately
moved for an extension of time to file an affidavit. The Dis-
trict Court granted Berk's motion, and Berk tried to track
down a doctor willing to provide an affidavit (an ordeal
spawning separate litigation). But the clock ran out, and
coming up empty-handed, Berk instead filed his medical
records under seal. Defendants moved the District Court to
review Berk's submissions in camera to determine whether
they complied with. Berk countered that is not
enforceable in federal court because it is displaced by the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The District Court disa-
greed with Berk and dismissed his lawsuit for failure to
comply with Delaware's affidavit law. See 2023 WL
2770573, *1 -- *2 (D Del., Apr. 4, 2023).
The Third Circuit affirmed, holding that applies in
federal court. See 2024 WL 3534482, *4 (July 25, 2024).
The court concluded that the Federal Rules of Civil Proce-
dure are silent as to whether an affidavit must accompany
the complaint. Id., at *2 -- *3. Where the Federal Rules are
silent, state law applies if it is substantive. See Erie R. Co.
v. Tompkins, (1938). A state law is sub-
stantive if (1) it is outcome determinative, and (2) failing to
apply it in federal court would promote forum shopping and
the inequitable administration of the law. See Hanna v.
Plumer, -- 469 (1965). After applying this
test, the Third Circuit concluded that is substantive
and affirmed the dismissal of Berk's suit. See 2024 WL
3534482, *3 -- *4.
We granted certiorari. (2025).
II
State-law claims are usually brought in state court. But
if the parties are citizens of different States and the amount
in controversy exceeds a certain threshold, a plaintiff may
choose to sue in federal court. 28 U. S. C.. In that
event, the federal court faces a choice-of-law problem:
whether to apply state or federal law. The Rules of Decision
Act directs federal courts to apply state substantive law,
leaving federal law to cover the rest.. Following that
direction is harder than it looks, because determining
whether a state law is substantive requires a court to enter
"Erie's murky waters." Shady Grove Orthopedic Associates,
P. A. v. Allstate Ins. Co., (2010).
Yet when a Federal Rule of Civil Procedure is on point, a
federal court bypasses Erie's inquiry altogether. That is be-
cause the Rules of Decision Act dictates that state
4 BERK v. CHOY

Opinion of the Court

substantive law must yield if the Constitution, a treaty, or
a statute "otherwise require[s] or provide[s].". And
the Rules Enabling Act, which authorizes the Supreme
Court to adopt uniform rules of procedure for district courts,
provides for the application of federal law. ; see
also Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 1 ("These rules govern the proce-
dure in all civil actions and proceedings in the United
States district courts... "). Thus, a valid Rule of Civil Pro-
cedure displaces contrary state law even if the state law
would qualify as substantive under Erie's test. See Hanna,
380 U. S., at 469 -- 474.
Analyzing whether a Federal Rule displaces state law is
straightforward. We first ask whether the Federal Rule
"answers the question in dispute." Shady Grove, 559 U. S.,
at 398. In doing so, we interpret the Federal Rules the same
way we interpret federal laws more generally: by giving
them their "plain meaning." Walker v. Armco Steel Corp., (1980). If a Federal Rule answers
the disputed question, it governs, unless it "exceeds statu-
tory authorization or Congress's rulemaking power."
Shady Grove, 559 U. S., at 398.
A
In this case, the disputed question is whether Berk's law-
suit may be dismissed because his complaint was not ac-
companied by an expert affidavit.1 Rule 8 gives the answer.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The concurrence objects to our framing the disputed question around

dismissal because doing so "assumes that Berk's lawsuit has already
been... filed and docketed." Post, at 4 (JACKSON, J., concurring in judg-
ment). But Berk's lawsuit has already been filed and docketed, see
No. 1:22 -- cv -- 01506 (D Del., Nov. 18, 2022), ECF Doc. 1, which is how it
found its way here. The only question in dispute is whether Berk's law-
suit may be dismissed -- indeed, that is the question on which we granted
certiorari. See Pet. for Cert. i. The concurrence reframes the question
in dispute as "what is required to start a medical malpractice case." Post,
at 4. But because no one argues that the court violated by docket-
ing Berk's complaint, the concurrence is ultimately forced to grapple with
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

It prescribes the information a plaintiff must present about
the merits of his claim at the outset of litigation: "a short
and plain statement of the claim showing that [he] is enti-
tled to relief." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 8(a)(2). By requiring no
more than a statement of the claim, Rule 8 establishes "im-
plicitly, but with unmistakable clarity," Hanna, 380 U. S.,
at 470, that evidence of the claim is not required. Cf. Bur-
lington Northern R. Co. v. Woods, -- 8 (1987)
(declining to apply a state statute where a Federal Rule "oc-
cupies the statute's field of operation").
Rule 12 reinforces the point. It provides only one ground
for dismissal based on the merits: "failure to state a claim
upon which relief can be granted." Fed. Rule Civ.
Proc. 12(b)(6). When evaluating whether a plaintiff has
stated a claim, the court cannot consider "matters outside
the pleadings." Rule 12(d). The court instead asks only
whether the complaint's factual allegations, if taken as
true, "state a claim to relief that is plausible on its face."
Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly, (2007).
A complaint that satisfies this standard is "well-pleaded"
and "may proceed even if it strikes a savvy judge that actual
proof of the facts alleged is improbable." Id., at 556.
By design, this system of pleading makes it relatively
easy for plaintiffs to subject defendants to discovery -- even
for claims that are likely to fail. To protect defendants from
this burden, lower federal courts have sometimes tried to
require more information for certain kinds of claims: 42
U. S. C. actions against municipalities, Leatherman
v. Tarrant County Narcotics Intelligence and Coordination
Unit, (1993); employment discrimination
suits, Swierkiewicz v. Sorema N. A., (2002);
and prisoner suits, Jones v. Bock, (2007). We

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
the question whether Berk's lawsuit may be "dismiss[ed]." Post, at 11.
By focusing on dismissal from the start, we do not "jum[p] the gun," post,
at 4, but rather cut to the chase.
6 BERK v. CHOY

Opinion of the Court

have consistently rejected such efforts. As we explained in
Leatherman -- which dealt with a demand that plaintiffs
plead certain claims with added specificity -- 
Rule 8(a)(2) requires "only" a " 'short and plain statement of
the claim.' " 507 U. S., at 165, 168 (2)).
Unless the Federal Rules single out a claim for special
treatment, see, e.g., Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 9, Rule 8 sets a
ceiling on the information that plaintiffs can be required to
provide about the merits of their claims.
Delaware's affidavit requirement is at odds with Rule 8
because it demands more: A medical malpractice suit can-
not proceed "unless the complaint is accompanied by...
[a]n affidavit of merit." (1). Under Rule 8, factual
allegations are sufficient, but under the Delaware law, the
plaintiff needs evidence too. See Dishmon v. Fucci, 32 A. 3d
338, 344 (Del. 2011) (describing as imposing a "prima
facie evidentiary requiremen[t]"); see also Brief for Re-
spondent Beebe 23 (same). The two rules thus give differ-
ent answers to the question whether Berk's complaint can
be dismissed as insufficient because it was unaccompanied
by an affidavit.
It is true, as defendants and the concurrence are quick to
point out, that an affidavit of merit is a document separate
from the "pleading," and that, by its literal terms, Rule 8
defines only what the "pleading... must contain." But we
think it is fair to infer that by specifying what information
about the merits is required in the "pleading," Rule 8 ex-
cludes the possibility of requiring even more information on
the same topic -- whether in the "pleading" itself or on a sep-
arate sheet of paper attached to it. Cf. Jones, 549 U. S., at
205, 212 -- 217 (rejecting requirement that prisoners "attach
proof of exhaustion... to their complaints" as inconsistent
with Rule 8). Rule 8 addresses what information a plaintiff
must provide about the merits of his claim at the outset of
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

litigation. Section 6853 addresses the same issue -- and in
doing so, imposes a different standard.2
Resisting this conclusion, defendants cite Cohen v. Bene-
ficial Industrial Loan Corp., (1949), for the
broad proposition that all state "preconditions to proceed-
ing" are consistent with the Federal Rules. Brief for Re-
spondent Beebe 26 -- 27; see Brief for Respondent Choy 20 -- 
21. They substantially overread Cohen. There, a state law
rendered an unsuccessful plaintiff in a shareholder deriva-
tive suit liable for all the defendant's expenses, including
attorney's fees, and as security for that potential liability,
required the plaintiff to post a bond before proceeding with
the action. 337 U. S., at 543. The plaintiffs argued that the
bond requirement was displaced by then-Rule 23, which
governed shareholder derivative suits in federal court. Id.,
at 556. Cohen held that there was no conflict because the
state law and Rule 23 addressed different issues: The state
law created a liability, while Rule 23 dealt with "disclosure
to the court and notice to the parties in interest." Id., at
555 -- 556.
Cohen thus did not identify and exempt a broad category
of so-called preconditions to proceeding from conflict with
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The concurrence accuses us -- and the "many Courts of Appeals" that

agree with us -- of "contorting" Rule 8 by reading it to implicitly preclude
courts from requiring plaintiffs to provide additional information. Post,
at 10, and. Yet drawing a negative inference from text is sometimes
the best way to understand it. See A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law:
The Interpretation of Legal Texts 107 -- 111 (2012) (negative-implication
canon). And while the concurrence criticizes the negative inference we
draw as "inattentively capacious," post, at 8, its Rule 3 analysis depends
on an analogous inference. Rule 3 establishes what happens once a com-
plaint is filed: "A civil action is commenced by filing a complaint with the
court." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 3. Section 6853, meanwhile, establishes
what is required "to file the complaint... with the court": an affidavit of
merit or an extension motion. (1). The concurrence finds a col-
lision only by reading Rule 3 to implicitly foreclose any precondition to
filing the complaint. So if a negative inference is a "contortion," the con-
currence's argument fails by its own measure.
8 BERK v. CHOY

Opinion of the Court

the Federal Rules. It held that a particular state law ad-
dressed a matter that was unaddressed by the relevant
Federal Rule. Here, by contrast, the state law and the Fed-
eral Rule address the same issue: the information that a
plaintiff must provide about the merits of his claim at the
outset of litigation. Describing the affidavit requirement as
a "preconditio[n] to proceeding" does not magically dispel
the conflict.
Defendants offer a workaround: They rewrite Delaware's
law. While provides that an affidavit must "accom-
pan[y]" the complaint, defendants suggest that the district
court can simply require it "early in [a] case." Brief for Re-
spondent Beebe 13; see also Brief for Respondent Choy 36
(suggesting affidavit can be filed "weeks" or "months" after
the complaint). This proposal is inspired by 's allow-
ance for an extension of time in which to file the affidavit.
But defendants treat this exception -- which is available
only "for good cause shown" -- as the rule and rework the
exception to boot. In federal court, apparently, an extension
motion need not precede or accompany the complaint; nor
is the district court limited to granting one 60-day exten-
sion. See, e.g., Brief for Respondent Beebe 23 -- 25. And de-
fendants' proposed changes do not stop there: They would
also have us delete the provision that absolves a defendant
from "tak[ing] any action with respect to the complaint" un-
til the affidavit is filed. (4). Under Federal Rule
12(a)(1), service of the summons and complaint triggers a
defendant's obligation to respond, and defendants admit
that the Federal Rule controls on this point.
After defendants' edits, the Delaware law is no longer a
pleading requirement that serves a gatekeeping function; it
is a free-floating evidentiary requirement that can serve as
the basis for an early dismissal. Yet even were it acceptable
to take creative license with the Delaware law, there would
be no way to enforce such a requirement. Defendants con-
cede that the absence of an affidavit is not grounds for
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

dismissal under Rule 12(b)(6). They float the possibility of
dismissal for failure to prosecute, but that does not work
because Berk actively participated in the litigation. De-
fendants' first choice is the course the District Court took
here: dismissal based on the court's inherent authority.
The problem, however, is that the Federal Rules already
prescribe a mechanism for putting a plaintiff to his proof: a
motion for summary judgment. See Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 56.
And that does not offer defendants the protection they
want, because before ruling on the motion, the court must
allow the nonmovant "adequate time for discovery." Celotex
Corp. v. Catrett, (1986); see also Rule
12(d) (requiring a "reasonable opportunity to present all the
[pertinent] material" if motion to dismiss is converted to
motion for summary judgment). That defendants cannot fit
the affidavit requirement into the Federal Rules illustrates
that it has no place there.
Perhaps recognizing this, defendants devote most of their
energy to arguing that the Federal Rules contain a loophole.
According to defendants, a proviso tucked into Rule 11
makes state affidavit laws applicable in federal court even
if they conflict with other Federal Rules. Rule 11 provides
that "[u]nless a rule or statute specifically states otherwise,
a pleading need not be verified or accompanied by an affi-
davit." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 11(a). Defendants argue that
is a "statute [that] specifically states otherwise,"
ibid., and it therefore applies in federal court regardless of
whether it conflicts with other Federal Rules.
Even if Rule 11 incorporates some state affidavit laws, it
does not incorporate this one. Rule 11 governs the conduct
of those who practice before courts: the "attorney of record"
or the "party personally if the party is unrepresented."
Ibid. It requires the attorney or pro se party to certify, after
"reasonable" inquiry, that the legal and factual representa-
tions made to the court are warranted. Rule 11(b). The
sentence on which defendants rely simply "acknowledges"
10 BERK v. CHOY

Opinion of the Court

that although Rule 11 generally puts the onus on the attor-
ney or pro se party to vouch for representations, "in some
situations represented parties are required by rule or stat-
ute to verify pleadings or sign affidavits." Business Guides,
Inc. v. Chromatic Communications Enterprises, Inc., (1991) ; see, e.g., Fed. Rule
Civ. Proc. 23.1 (requiring complaints in shareholder deriv-
ative actions to be verified). The sentence has nothing to do
with affidavits from third parties. Accordingly, Rule 11
does not shield Delaware's law from displacement by
Rule 8.
B
Because Rule 8 and answer the same question,
Rule 8 governs so long as it is valid under the Rules Ena-
bling Act, which requires that Federal Rules be procedural
rather than substantive. 28 U. S. C. ("Such rules
shall not abridge, enlarge or modify any substantive right").
The line between substance and procedure is hazy, and we
draw it differently in different contexts. See Hanna, 380
U. S., at 471 ("The line between 'substance' and 'procedure'
shifts as the legal context changes"). For purposes of the
Rules Enabling Act, we use a modest test: whether the Fed-
eral Rule "really regulates procedure." Sibbach v. Wilson
& Co., (1941). Or put differently, "[w]hat
matters is what the Rule itself regulates: If it governs only
'the manner and the means' by which the litigants' rights
are 'enforced,' it is valid." Shady Grove, 559 U. S., at 407
(plurality opinion) ).
In applying this analysis, we have "rejected every statu-
tory challenge to a Federal Rule that has come before us."
Shady Grove, 559 U. S., at 407 (plurality opinion). We have
upheld Rules governing the certification of class actions,
id., at 408 (Rule 23); see id., at 416, 436 (Stevens, J., con-
curring in part and concurring in judgment) (Rule 23);
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

service of process, Mississippi Publishing Corp., 326 U. S.,
at 445 -- 446 (Rule 4(f )); compelled mental and physical ex-
aminations, Sibbach, 312 U. S., at 14 -- 16 (Rule 35); sanc-
tions for frivolous appeals, Burlington, 480 U. S., at 8 (Rule
38); and sanctions for signing court papers without reason-
ably investigating the facts asserted, Business Guides, 498
U. S., at 551 -- 554 (Rule 11).
Like those Rules, Rule 8 "really regulates procedure."
Sibbach, 312 U. S., at 14. It determines what plaintiffs
must present to the court about their claims at the outset
of litigation. Although the Rule may have some "practical
effect on the parties' rights," it regulates "only the process
for enforcing those rights," not "the rights themselves, the
available remedies, or the rules of decision." Shady Grove,
559 U. S., at 407 -- 408 (plurality opinion).
Defendants do not contend otherwise. Instead, they ar-
gue that determining whether a Rule is valid under the
Rules Enabling Act requires asking a second question:
whether the displaced state law is substantive. We rejected
that approach eight decades ago and decline to reconsider
it now. See Sibbach, 312 U. S., at 14. On the contrary, we
underscore that "the substantive nature of [a state] law, or
its substantive purpose, makes no difference." Shady Grove,
559 U. S., at 409 (plurality opinion). To determine whether
a Rule is valid under the Rules Enabling Act, the only ques-
tion is whether it "really regulates procedure." Sibbach,
312 U. S., at 14. Rule 8 does, so it governs, and Delaware's
affidavit law does not apply in federal court.
* * *
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed, and the
case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 440
_________________

HAROLD R. BERK, PETITIONER v.
WILSON C. CHOY, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT
[January 20, 2026]

JUSTICE JACKSON, concurring in the judgment.
I agree with the Court that Delaware's affidavit require-
ment cannot apply in federal court. I write separately be-
cause, in my view, the relevant conflicts are with Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure 3 and 12, not Rule 8.
I
As the majority explains, Delaware's law is, at bottom, an
"affidavit requirement." Ante, at 1. If a medical malprac-
tice plaintiff wants her complaint deemed "filed" and his
case docketed, the statute mandates that an affidavit of
merit signed by a medical professional (or a motion for an
extension of time to file the affidavit) must accompany the
complaint. See Del. Code, Tit. 18, (1) (2025). By
contrast, the Federal Rules require no such additional fil-
ing. Rather, "[a] civil action is commenced by filing a com-
plaint with the court." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 3.
Thus, and Rule 3 conflict regarding the require-
ments to "commence" a medical malpractice action. If a fed-
eral court were to follow Delaware's law, a plaintiff would
have to do more than merely tender the complaint in order
for his medical malpractice lawsuit to be filed and docketed.
But, under the language of Rule 3, civil suits commence as
soon as the complaint -- and only the complaint -- has been
2 BERK v. CHOY

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

filed by the plaintiff. In my view, this clash warrants re-
versal here.
As the majority explains, our cases make clear beyond
cavil that "a valid [Federal] Rule of Civil Procedure dis-
places contrary state law." Ante, at 4. Thus, the nub of the
conflict inquiry is to determine whether the State's require-
ment is, in fact, contrary to a Federal Rule. Over time, we
have expressed this central inquiry in various ways. See,
e.g., Hanna v. Plumer, (1965) (asking
whether "the applicable Federal Rule is in direct collision
with the [state] law"); Burlington Northern R. Co. v. Woods,
-- 5 (1987) (asking whether the scope of the
Federal Rule is " 'sufficiently broad' " to " 'control the issue' "
before the Court, "thereby leaving no room for the opera-
tion" of the state law )). But as the ma-
jority acknowledges, our most up-to-date approach to iden-
tifying the necessary conflict is to ask whether the Federal
Rule and the state statute "attemp[t] to answer the same
question." Shady Grove Orthopedic Associates, P. A. v. All-
state Ins. Co., (2010); see also ante, at 4.1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 To the extent that the Court suggests that the Federal Rule's plain

text is all that matters when answering this question, that is not what
our precedents hold. In Gasperini v. Center for Humanities, Inc., (1996), we explained that Federal Rules must be interpreted
not solely based on their text -- as the much earlier case of Walker v.
Armco Steel Corp. had suggested in a footnote -- but also "with sensitivity
to important state interests and regulatory policies," 518 U. S., at 427,. The majority opinion in Shady Grove subsequently criticized
Gasperini's "search for state interests and policies that are 'important' "
as "standardless." 559 U. S., at 405,. But five Justices in that case
(i.e., a majority) agreed nevertheless with Gasperini's approach to inter-
preting the Federal Rules in this context. See 559 U. S., at 437 (Gins-
burg, J., dissenting) (writing for three other Justices that the Court
should "continue to interpret Federal Rules with awareness of, and sen-
sitivity to, important state regulatory policies"); id., at 418 (Stevens, J.,
concurring in part and concurring in judgment) (explaining that the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

Per Shady Grove, once a conflict between the State's re-
quirement and a Federal Rule has been identified, the Fed-
eral Rule displaces the State's requirement so long as the
Rule is "valid," meaning that it "governs only 'the manner
and the means' by which the litigants' rights are 'enforced.' "
559 U. S., at 407 (plurality opinion) );
see also 28 U. S. C. (Rules Enabling Act). And for
similar reasons to those given in Part II -- B of the majority
opinion, Rule 3 easily satisfies this standard. See ante, at
10 -- 11; see also Shady Grove, 559 U. S., at 407 (plurality
opinion) (noting that we have "rejected every statutory
challenge to a Federal Rule that has come before us").
Accordingly, Delaware's affidavit requirement cannot ap-
ply in federal court.
II
The majority and I start in the same place and ultimately
reach the same conclusion, but we have taken different
paths, marked by different assumptions and nuances. I
agree with the majority that the first step of today's analy-
sis is to identify the relevant conflict by ascertaining the
question that the Delaware law and the Federal Rule "at-
temp[t] to answer." Shady Grove, 559 U. S., at 399; see
ante, at 4. But I disagree that, in this case, "the disputed
question is whether Berk's lawsuit may be dismissed be-
cause his complaint was not accompanied by an expert affi-
davit." Ante, at 4. Here is why.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Federal Rules "must be interpreted with some degree of 'sensitivity to
important state interests and regulatory policies' " ). So, under our precedents, courts must be mind-
ful of state interests and policies when determining whether a Federal
Rule conflicts with state law.
4 BERK v. CHOY

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

A
First and foremost, that formulation of the question as-
sumes that Berk's lawsuit has already been properly ac-
cepted by the court clerk (i.e., filed and docketed) and thus
that is answering whether the "lawsuit may be dis-
missed" for want of the required affidavit. Ante, at 4. But
that assumption jumps the gun. Delaware's law states that
"[n]o health-care negligence lawsuit shall be filed in this
State unless the complaint is accompanied by: (1) [a]n affi-
davit of merit" or (2) "a motion to extend the time to file said
affidavit." (1). The statute fur-
ther specifies that "[i]f the required affidavit does not ac-
company the complaint or if a motion to extend the time to
file said affidavit... has not been filed with the court, then
the... clerk of the court shall refuse to file the complaint
and it shall not be docketed with the court." Ibid..
Accordingly, the text of makes clear that the stat-
ute's first order of business is not to address the require-
ments for dismissal of an affidavit-free lawsuit such as
Berk's. Instead, most directly answers the threshold
question of what is required to start a civil action for medi-
cal malpractice under Delaware law. Delaware's response
is that the plaintiff must submit an affidavit of merit, or a
motion for an extension of time to file such affidavit, be-
cause (to repeat) the clerk cannot "file the complaint" or
"docke[t]" the case without that additional filing.
(1).
Rule 3 provides a completely different answer to the ques-
tion of what is required to start a medical malpractice case.
As explained above, under that Rule, "[a] civil action is com-
menced by filing a complaint with the court" -- period. That
answer leaves "no room" for Delaware's insistence that an
affidavit of merit (or a motion for an extension) must be sub-
mitted in order to commence this kind of legal action. Bur-
lington, 480 U. S., at 5. Indeed, Rule 3 uses the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

uncompromising, declarative phrase "is commenced,"
plainly indicating that Congress meant for the "filing [of] a
complaint" to be both necessary and sufficient to begin any
civil case (including a malpractice action) in federal court.
Cf. Walker, 446 U. S., at 750, (" 'Rule 3 simply provides
that an action is commenced by filing the complaint and has
as its primary purpose the measuring of time periods that
begin running from the date of commencement' " )); Hallstrom v. Tillamook County, (1989) (reading Rule 3 to mean that "filing a
complaint with the court" is synonymous with "fil[ing]
suit").2
Resisting this conclusion, defendants rely on three cases
from 1949, arguing that "this Court has long found applica-
ble in federal court" "state-law condition[s] on allowing
suits to proceed." Brief for Respondent Beebe 26 -- 27, and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The majority contends that its dismissal-focused formulation of the

question is the right one because, in this case, "Berk's lawsuit has al-
ready been filed and docketed," and "we granted certiorari" on the ques-
tion "whether Berk's lawsuit may be dismissed." Ante, at 4,. That
argument conflates the question presented with the "question" that, un-
der Shady Grove, is supposed to serve as the linchpin of our conflict anal-
ysis. 559 U. S., at 401. The latter comes not from the facts of the case,
but rather from our interpretations of the potentially conflicting state
law and Federal Rule. So, while it may be that the question presented is
"whether Berk's lawsuit may be dismissed," the relevant question for our
Shady Grove analysis is "what is required to start a medical malpractice
case," because that is the question that and, as it happens, Rule 3,
"attemp[t] to answer," Id., at 399.
Nor is the majority correct that, regardless, I am "ultimately forced to
grapple with the question whether Berk's lawsuit may be 'dismiss[ed].' "
Ante, at 4,. As I stated above, 's conflict
with Rule 3 is enough to hold that the law cannot apply in federal court.
And, as I have shown, the Rule 3 analysis is about the commencement of
the action, not its dismissal. Once we determine that and Rule 3
answer the same commencement-related question, cannot apply
in federal court, meaning that Berk's lawsuit cannot be thwarted for fail-
ure to satisfy the requirements of that state law.
6 BERK v. CHOY

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

; see also Brief for Respondent Choy 36 -- 37. But that
argument mischaracterizes our past rulings. See Cohen v.
Beneficial Industrial Loan Corp., (1949);
Woods v. Interstate Realty Co., (1949); Walker
v. Armco Steel Corp.,.
The majority has already ably explained that defendants
"substantially overread" Cohen for the proposition that "all
state 'preconditions to proceeding' are consistent with the
Federal Rules." Ante, at 7. I think Walker and Woods are
also easily distinguishable.
As with Cohen, respondents overstate the effect of
Walker. There, we held that a federal court sitting in diver-
sity must apply an Oklahoma law that deemed an action
"commenced" upon service of the summons for purposes of
the State's statute of limitations. 446 U. S., at 742. Rule 3,
we explained, "governs the date from which various timing
requirements of the Federal Rules begin to run, but does
not affect state statutes of limitations." Id., at 751. Here,
by contrast, and Rule 3 serve precisely the same func-
tion, in the same context: Both establish when a malprac-
tice lawsuit is deemed initiated (i.e., filed and docketed) for
purposes of determining "the date from which various tim-
ing requirements of the Federal Rules begin to run." Ibid.
That is precisely the kind of conflict that bars the applica-
tion of state law in federal court under our precedents.3
Defendants' reliance on Woods is similarly unavailing.
There, we held that a federal court sitting in diversity must
apply a Mississippi law prohibiting out-of-state
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Proving this point, another provision of the Delaware law,

(4), provides that a defendant is "not required to take any action
with respect to the complaint... until 20 days after plaintiff has filed
the affidavit." Under the Federal Rules, however, the deadline for a re-
sponsive act by the defendant is anchored to the filing of the complaint.
See Fed. Rules Civ. Proc. 4(m) (a plaintiff must serve the complaint and
summons "within 90 days after the complaint is filed") and 12(a)(1)(A)(i)
(a defendant "must serve an answer... within 21 days after being served
with the summons and complaint").
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

corporations from bringing suit in the State unless they
designated an agent for service of process. 337 U. S., at 536,. Mississippi's law was enacted to ensure that only
those out-of-state corporations that consented to being sued
in Mississippi had the privilege of accessing Mississippi's
courts. See ibid. In other words, Mississippi's law had a
broad substantive purpose and effect that went well beyond
what the Federal Rules addressed. That was why we had
to wade through "Erie's murky waters" to decide the con-
flicts question that case presented. See Shady Grove, 559
U. S., at 398; see Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, 
(1938). Delaware's affidavit requirement, by contrast, is
plainly procedural in scope and well within the territory of
the Federal Rules.
In short, our precedents establish that when a state law
and a valid Federal Rule conflict -- because they answer the
same procedural question -- the State's requirement is inap-
plicable in federal court. Because answers the same
question about what is required to commence a medical
malpractice action as the unquestionably valid Rule 3, Del-
aware's law must give way. See Hanna, 380 U. S., at 469 -- 
474.
B
If we accept, for the sake of argument, that the question
Delaware's law attempts to answer is "whether [a medical
malpractice complaint] may be dismissed because [it] was
not accompanied by an expert affidavit," ante, at 4, a prob-
lem arises: The Federal Rule the majority points to does not
answer that same question.
The majority discerns a conflict with Rule 8 by reasoning
as follows. With respect to the dismissal-related question
quoted above, Delaware's law says that such a complaint
must be dismissed because the affidavit of merit is missing,
whereas Rule 8 prescribes all "the information a plaintiff
must present about the merits of his claim at the outset of
8 BERK v. CHOY

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

litigation" -- namely, " 'a short and plain statement of the
claim showing that [he] is entitled to relief.' " Ante, at 5
(2)). "By requiring no
more than a statement of the claim," the majority contin-
ues, "Rule 8 establishes 'implicitly, but with unmistakable
clarity,'... that evidence of the claim is not required.' "
Ante, at 5.
The problem with this reasoning is not that it is based on
"a negative inference" about Rule 8, id., at 7, but rather
the inattentively capacious scope of that negative inference.
I agree that Rule 8(a)'s finite list "preclude[s] courts" from
imposing additional requirements. Ibid.; see Leatherman
v. Tarrant County Narcotics Intelligence and Coordination
Unit, (1993). But context is critical: Rule
8 does not purport to establish all that a medical malprac-
tice plaintiff can be required to say about the merits of his
claims at the beginning of the case, much less that nothing
more than the filing of a complaint can be mandated. Ra-
ther, it (more narrowly) addresses what any "pleading"
stating a claim for relief must contain. See Rule 8(a) ("A
pleading that states a claim for relief must contain..." (em-
phasis added)). The majority neither holds nor suggests
that 's affidavit of merit is, itself, a "pleading"; to the
contrary, the majority admits that the affidavit is not. Ante,
at 6. So, as I see it, Delaware's law -- which prescribes what
a plaintiff must submit in addition to his pleadings in order
for his complaint to be filed and his case docketed -- does not
actually conflict with Rule 8.
The majority acknowledges this "pleading" problem and
offers, apparently as a solution, yet another formulation of
the question that Rule 8 is answering: Rule 8, it says, tells
us "what information a plaintiff must provide about the
merits of his claim." Ante, at 6. But, again, this description
fails to acknowledge that Rule 8 operates entirely within a
specific universe: the pleadings. The majority's unbounded
characterization subtly frees Rule 8 from the constraint of
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

its subject matter, allowing it to expand until it collides
with Delaware's law.4
When properly construed, Rule 8 addresses a particular
(and particularly important) procedural question: "What
must a pleading that states a claim for relief contain?"5 In
my view, this narrower formulation of the question -- the
one tethered to the required contents of a "pleading" -- keeps
Rule 8 within the bounds of its plain meaning, consistent
with Gasperini's command not to overread the Federal
Rules at the expense of "important state interests and reg-
ulatory policies" in cases such as this one. Gasperini v. Cen-
ter for Humanities, Inc., (1996); see
also, supra.
Accordingly, because does not address or govern
the required contents of a pleading, Delaware's law does not
answer the same question as Rule 8. Instead, the State's
affidavit requirement (which, incidentally, neither de-
scribes the affidavit of merit in relation to a plaintiff 's obli-
gation to state a claim for relief nor treats it as evidence) is
an additional filing requirement for commencing any med-
ical malpractice civil action under state law. See
(1) ("No health-care negligence lawsuit shall be
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The majority's description of Rule 8's work is inaccurate even if con-

fined to the universe of pleadings. Rule 8 does not "addres[s] what infor-
mation a plaintiff must provide about the merits of his claim" in the
pleadings. Ante, at 6. Instead, with respect to a plead-
ing that states a claim for relief (as opposed to one that does not, see Rule
7), Rule 8 governs how much a plaintiff must say concerning his claim.
Rule 8's primary purpose is to install a "simplified pleading system" that
requires a complaint to include nothing more than " 'short and plain
statement[s]' " of the claim, the grounds for jurisdiction, and the relief
sought. Swierkiewicz v. Sorema N. A., 514 (2002). In
other words, Rule 8's innovation is the "short and plain" bit, not the sub-
stance of what is required to be stated in that manner.
5 The answer, under the Rule, is (1) "a short and plain statement of the

grounds for... jurisdiction," (2) "a short and plain statement of the claim
showing that the pleader is entitled to relief," and (3) "a demand for the
relief sought." Rule 8(a).
10 BERK v. CHOY

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

filed in [Delaware] unless the complaint is accompanied by... [a]n affidavit of merit"). Finding a Rule 8 conflict, as
the majority does, thus requires contorting both Rule 8 and. There is no need to do so here, especially given the
ready conflict with Rule 3 (discussed above) and Rule 12
(described below).6
III
The majority and I appear to agree that Delaware's affi-
davit requirement -- as interpreted by the Delaware Su-
preme Court -- conflicts with Rule 12(d). See ante, at 5.
That conflict suffices to displace 's requirement. But
to the extent that the majority ties its Rule 12 analysis to
the purported Rule 8 conflict, see ibid., I think the majority
has gone further than it needs to, introducing incoherence
in the process.
While the statute itself does not so specify, the Delaware
Supreme Court has interpreted to mean that (assum-
ing the clerk of court accepts an affidavit-free medical mal-
practice action and dockets the case notwithstanding the
statute's prohibition) "[t]he filing of a healthcare negligence

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 To be sure, many Courts of Appeals have also relied on a conflict with

Rule 8 to hold that state affidavit-of-merit laws like Delaware's do not
apply in federal court. See Albright v. Christensen, 24 F. 4th 1039, 1048 -- 
1049 (CA6 2022); Gallivan v. United States, 943 F. 3d 291, 293 (CA6
2019); Pledger v. Lynch, 5 F. 4th 511, 519 (CA4 2021); Young v. United
States, 942 F. 3d 349, 351 (CA7 2019). But a closer look at the relevant
cases reveals that these courts, like the majority, got there by manipu-
lating the relevant question. In Gallivan, for example, the Sixth Circuit
posed as the pertinent question: "[D]oes someone need an affidavit of
merit to state a claim for medical negligence?" 943 F. 3d, at 293. This
leading question not only ignores (as the majority does) that Rule 8 is
solely about "pleadings," but, worse, also preordains a conflict by naming
the very thing that the state law requires but the Federal Rule does not
(i.e., an affidavit). The Fourth and Seventh Circuits make the same er-
ror. See Pledger, 5 F. 4th, at 519 (asking "whether a medical malpractice
plaintiff must provide pre-suit expert support for his claim"); Young, 942
F. 3d, at 351 (asking whether Rule 8 "require[s] attachments").
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

action without the requisite affidavit of merit constitutes
grounds of dismissal of medical negligence claims as a mat-
ter of law." Hall v. Sorouri, 996 A. 2d 793 (Del. 2010) (Ta-
ble). That reading of Delaware law answers the question,
"What can a court consider when dismissing a medical mal-
practice case?" Because "[t]he highest state court is the fi-
nal authority on state law," Fidelity Union Trust Co. v.
Field, (1940), we must read this statute
as that court does, i.e., as establishing dismissal require-
ments for medical malpractice cases. Thus, if a valid Fed-
eral Rule answers that same dismissal question, can-
not govern in federal court. See Shady Grove, 559 U. S., at
398.
Enter Rule 12. As the majority correctly explains, Rule
12(b)(6) provides the "only... ground for dismissal based
on the merits," and Rule 12(d) prohibits courts from consid-
ering " 'matters outside the pleadings' " in deciding motions
to dismiss brought under Rule 12(b)(6). Ante, at 5; see also
Stanley v. City of Sanford, (2025) (explain-
ing that, under Rule 12(d), a judge considering a motion to
dismiss must "take as true the well-pleaded facts in the
plaintiff 's complaint,... and [must] not consider evidence
beyond that pleading"). Furthermore, by all accounts, the
affidavit required by Delaware's law is a "matte[r] outside
the pleadings." Rule 12(d); see ante, at 6 ("It is true... that
an affidavit of merit is a document separate from the 'plead-
ing' ").
We know the affidavit of merit qualifies as a "matter out-
side the pleadings" for several reasons. For one thing, Del-
aware law provides that the affidavit is to "accompany" the
complaint. (1). A thing cannot "accompany" that
of which it is already a part.7 Indeed, Delaware's
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 To be sure, plaintiffs can, in limited contexts, "incorporat[e]" certain

documents "into the complaint by reference." Tellabs, Inc. v. Makor
12 BERK v. CHOY

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

Legislature apparently felt so strongly about the affidavit
not being part of the complaint that it mandated physical
separation: By statute, the affidavit must be filed in its own
sealed envelope, alongside (but apart from) the complaint.
See ibid. Nor do the Federal Rules suggest that affidavits
of the nature specified by the Delaware law can qualify as
"pleadings." Rule 7, which sets forth a list of "[p]leadings
[a]llowed" in federal court, does not include an "affidavit"
(or anything like it) on its list.
Pulling these threads together, Delaware's law, as inter-
preted by the Delaware Supreme Court, requires judges to
account for a matter outside the pleadings -- i.e., the exist-
ence or sufficiency of an affidavit of merit (or lack
thereof ) -- when deciding whether to dismiss a medical mal-
practice case. Rule 12(d), however, forbids such extraneous
considerations. And Rule 12 is valid under the Rules Ena-
bling Act (for similar reasons as the Court lays out in its
opinion, see ante, at 10 -- 11). So Delaware's law cannot be
enforced in federal court.
As far as I can tell, then, there is no daylight between my
view of the Rule 12 conflict and the majority's assessment.
But far from "reinforc[ing]" a conflict with Rule 8, ante, at
5, our shared evaluation of Rule 12 is, to me, yet another
reason why Delaware's law is not in conflict with Rule 8.
See Part II -- B, supra. The conflicts analysis concerning
these two Rules is based on diametrically opposed charac-
terizations of Delaware's affidavit of merit: The affidavit
must be either a "matter outside the pleadings" (and thus
conflicts with Rule 12, per the Delaware Supreme
Court's decision in Hall) or it is part of what the pleadings
must contain (giving rise to the purported conflict with Rule
8). A coherent conflicts analysis cannot have it both ways.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Issues & Rights, Ltd., (2007). But the affidavit of merit
is not such a document because its content is neither discoverable nor
admissible. See.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

* * *
Read for what they are -- by their "plain meaning," sensi-
tive to context yet without distortions created by the task of
checking for a conflict, see Walker, 446 U. S., at 750, ;
Gasperini, 518 U. S., at 427, -- Rules 3 and 12 answer
the same questions as Delaware's affidavit requirement.
That means that the majority and I share the same conclu-
sion: There is a conflict between state law and valid Federal
Rules, precluding application of Delaware's affidavit re-
quirement in federal court. For the reasons discussed
above, I think the majority is wrong to further maintain
that answers the same question as Rule 8. And I
cannot see how the affidavit that the Delaware law requires
can be a "matter outside the pleadings" (for Rule 12-conflict
purposes) and also part of the "pleadings" (for Rule 8-con-
flict purposes). Therefore, I concur only in the judgment.

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
The United States has filed three emergency applications
challenging the scope of a federal court's authority to enjoin
Government officials from enforcing an executive order.
Traditionally, courts issued injunctions prohibiting execu-
tive officials from enforcing a challenged law or policy only
against the plaintiffs in the lawsuit. The injunctions before
us today reflect a more recent development: district courts
asserting the power to prohibit enforcement of a law or pol-
icy against anyone. These injunctions -- known as "univer-
sal injunctions" -- likely exceed the equitable authority that
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Congress has granted to federal courts.1 We therefore grant
the Government's applications to partially stay the injunc-
tions entered below.
I
The applications before us concern three overlapping,
universal preliminary injunctions entered by three differ-
ent District Courts. See 763 F. Supp. 3d 723 (Md. 2025),
appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1153 (CA4); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142
(WD Wash. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 807 (CA9); Doe
v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d 266 (Mass. 2025), appeal pend-
ing, No. 25 -- 1170 (CA1). The plaintiffs -- individuals, organ-
izations, and States -- sought to enjoin the implementation
and enforcement of President Trump's Executive Order No.
14160.2 See Protecting the Meaning and Value of American
Citizenship, 90 Fed. Reg. 8449 (2025). The Executive Order
identifies circumstances in which a person born in the
United States is not "subject to the jurisdiction thereof " and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Such injunctions are sometimes called "nationwide injunctions," re-

flecting their use by a single district court to bar the enforcement of a
law anywhere in the Nation. But the term "universal" better captures
how these injunctions work. Even a traditional, parties-only injunction
can apply beyond the jurisdiction of the issuing court. Steele v. Bulova
Watch Co., (1952) (When "exercising its equity pow-
ers," a district court "may command persons properly before it to cease
or perform acts outside its territorial jurisdiction"). The difference be-
tween a traditional injunction and a universal injunction is not so much
where it applies, but whom it protects: A universal injunction prohibits
the Government from enforcing the law against anyone, anywhere. H.
Wasserman, "Nationwide" Injunctions Are Really "Universal" Injunc-
tions and They Are Never Appropriate, 22 Lewis & Clark L. Rev. 335,
338 (2018).
2 The Government does not dispute -- nor could it -- that the individual

plaintiffs have standing to sue. But it argues that the States lack third-
party standing because their claims rest exclusively on the rights of in-
dividuals. Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884,
pp. 28 -- 32. It also challenges the District Courts' authority to grant relief
to the organizations' members who are not identified in the complaints.
See id., at 22. We do not address these arguments.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

is thus not recognized as an American citizen. See ibid.
Specifically, it sets forth the "policy of the United States" to
no longer issue or accept documentation of citizenship in
two scenarios: "(1) when [a] person's mother was unlawfully
present in the United States and the person's father was
not a United States citizen or lawful permanent resident at
the time of said person's birth, or (2) when [a] person's
mother's presence in the United States was lawful but tem-
porary, and the person's father was not a United States cit-
izen or lawful permanent resident at the time of said per-
son's birth." Ibid. The Executive Order also provides for a
30-day ramp-up period. During that time, the order directs
executive agencies to develop and issue public guidance re-
garding the order's implementation. See id., at 8449 -- 8450.
The plaintiffs filed suit, alleging that the Executive Order
violates the Fourteenth Amendment's Citizenship Clause, as well as of the Nationality Act of 1940, 54 Stat.
1138 (codified at 8 U. S. C. ). In each case, the District
Court concluded that the Executive Order is likely unlawful
and entered a universal preliminary injunction barring var-
ious executive officials from applying the policy to anyone
in the country. And in each case, the Court of Appeals de-
nied the Government's request to stay the sweeping relief.
See 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025); 2025 WL 553485
(CA9, Feb. 19, 2025); 131 F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025).
The Government has now filed three nearly identical ap-
plications seeking to partially stay the universal prelimi-
nary injunctions and limit them to the parties. See Appli-
cation for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884;
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A885;
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A886.3
The applications do not raise -- and thus we do not ad-
dress -- the question whether the Executive Order violates

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Because the applications are materially identical, we cite only the ap-

plication in No. 24A884 throughout the rest of the opinion.
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the Citizenship Clause or Nationality Act. The issue before
us is one of remedy: whether, under the Judiciary Act of
1789, federal courts have equitable authority to issue uni-
versal injunctions.
II
The question whether Congress has granted federal
courts the authority to universally enjoin the enforcement
of an executive or legislative policy plainly warrants our re-
view, as Members of this Court have repeatedly empha-
sized. See, e.g., McHenry v. Texas Top Cop Shop, 604 U. S.
___, ___ (2025) (GORSUCH, J., concurring in grant of stay)
("I would... take this case now to resolve
definitively the question whether a district court may issue
universal injunctive relief "); Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___,
___ -- ___ (2024) (GORSUCH, J., joined by THOMAS and ALITO,
JJ., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 8) ("[T]he pro-
priety of universal injunctive relief [is] a question of great
significance that has been in need of the Court's attention
for some time"); Griffin v. HM Florida-ORL, LLC, 601 U. S.
___, ___ (2023) (statement of KAVANAUGH, J., joined by
BARRETT, J., except as to footnote 1, respecting denial of ap-
plication for stay) (Universal injunctions pre-
sent "an important question that could warrant our review
in the future"); Trump v. Hawaii, (2018)
(THOMAS, J., concurring) ("If [universal injunctions'] popu-
larity continues, this Court must address their legality").
On multiple occasions, and across administrations, the So-
licitor General has asked us to consider the propriety of this
expansive remedy. See, e.g., Application for Stay of Injunc-
tion in McHenry v. Texas Top Cop Shop, Inc., O. T. 2024,
No. 24A653 (Biden administration); Brief for Petitioners in
Trump v. Hawaii, O. T. 2017, No. 17 -- 965 (first Trump ad-
ministration).
It is easy to see why. By the end of the Biden administra-
tion, we had reached "a state of affairs where almost every
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

major presidential act [was] immediately frozen by a fed-
eral district court." W. Baude & S. Bray, Comment, Proper
Parties, Proper Relief, 137 Harv. L. Rev. 153, 174 (2023).
The trend has continued: During the first 100 days of the
second Trump administration, district courts issued ap-
proximately 25 universal injunctions. Congressional Re-
search Service, J. Lampe, Nationwide Injunctions in the
First Hundred Days of the Second Trump Administration 1
(May 16, 2025). As the number of universal injunctions has
increased, so too has the importance of the issue.
III
A
The Government is likely to succeed on the merits of its
argument regarding the scope of relief. See Nken v. Holder,
(2009) (holding that for a stay application
to be granted, the applicant must make " 'a strong showing
that [it] is likely to succeed on the merits' "). A universal
injunction can be justified only as an exercise of equitable
authority, yet Congress has granted federal courts no such
power.4
The Judiciary Act of 1789 endowed federal courts with
jurisdiction over "all suits... in equity,", 1 Stat. 78, and
still today, this statute "is what authorizes the federal
courts to issue equitable remedies," S. Bray & E. Sherwin,
Remedies 442 (4th ed. 2024). Though flexible, this equita-
ble authority is not freewheeling. We have held that the
statutory grant encompasses only those sorts of equitable
remedies "traditionally accorded by courts of equity" at our
country's inception. Grupo Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v.
Alliance Bond Fund, Inc., (1999); see
also, e.g., Payne v. Hook, 7 Wall. 425, 430 (1869) ("The eq-
uity jurisdiction conferred on the Federal courts is the same
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Our decision rests solely on the statutory authority that federal

courts possess under the Judiciary Act of 1789. We express no view on
the Government's argument that Article III forecloses universal relief.
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

that the High Court of Chancery in England possesses").5
We must therefore ask whether universal injunctions are
sufficiently "analogous" to the relief issued " 'by the High
Court of Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution and the enactment of the original Judici-
ary Act.' " Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 318 -- 319 ).
The answer is no: Neither the universal injunction nor
any analogous form of relief was available in the High
Court of Chancery in England at the time of the founding.
Equity offered a mechanism for the Crown "to secure justice
where it would not be secured by the ordinary and existing
processes of law." G. Adams, The Origin of English Equity,
16 Colum. L. Rev. 87, 91 (1916). This "judicial prerogative
of the King" thus extended to "those causes which the ordi-
nary judges were incapable of determining." 1 J. Pomeroy,
Equity Jurisprudence, p. 27 (1881). Eventually, the
Crown instituted the "practice of delegating the cases" that
"came before" the judicial prerogative "to the chancellor for
his sole decision." Id., at 28. This "became the common
mode of dealing with such controversies." Ibid.
Of importance here, suits in equity were brought by and
against individual parties. Indeed, the "general rule in Eq-
uity [was] that all persons materially interested [in the
suit] [were] to be made parties to it." J. Story, Commen-
taries on Equity Pleadings, p. 74 (2d ed. 1840) (Story).
Injunctions were no exception; there were "sometimes suits

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See also Guaranty Trust Co. v. York, (1945) ("[T]he

federal courts [have] no power that they would not have had in any event
when courts were given 'cognizance,' by the first Judiciary Act, of suits
'in equity' "); Boyle v. Zacharie & Turner, 6 Pet. 648, 658 (1832) ("[T]he
settled doctrine of this court is, that the remedies in equity are to be ad-
ministered, not according to the state practice, but according to the prac-
tice of courts of equity in the parent country").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

to restrain the actions of particular officers against partic-
ular plaintiffs." S. Bray, Multiple Chancellors: Reforming
the National Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 425 (2017)
(Bray, Multiple Chancellors). And in cer-
tain cases, the "Attorney General could be a defendant."
Ibid. The Chancellor's remedies were also typically party
specific. "As a general rule, an injunction" could not bind
one who was not a "party to the cause." F. Calvert, Suits in
Equity 120 (2d ed. 1847); see also Iveson v. Harris, 7 Ves.
251, 257, 32 Eng. Rep. 102, 104 (1802) ("[Y]ou cannot have
an injunction except against a party to the suit"). Suffice it
to say, then, under longstanding equity practice in Eng-
land, there was no remedy "remotely like a national injunc-
tion." Bray, Multiple Chancellors 425.
Nor did founding-era courts of equity in the United States
chart a different course. See 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurispru-
dence, at 33 -- 34. If anything, the approach traditionally
taken by federal courts cuts against the existence of such a
sweeping remedy. Consider Scott v. Donald, where the
plaintiff successfully challenged the constitutionality of a
law on which state officials had relied to confiscate alcohol
that the plaintiff kept for personal use. See (1897) (statement of case); id., at 111 -- 112 (opinion of
the Court). Although the plaintiff sought an injunction bar-
ring enforcement of the law against both himself and any-
one else "whose rights [were] infringed and threatened" by
it, this Court permitted only a narrower decree between
"the parties named as plaintiff and defendants in the bill."
Id., at 115 -- 117.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Though the principal dissent claims otherwise, we do not treat Scott

as "dispositive." Post, at 28 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). Under Grupo
Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v. Alliance Bond Fund, Inc., 
(1999), the lack of a historical analogue is dispositive. Scott simply illus-
trates that as late as 1897, this Court adhered to a party-specific view of
relief. And while the principal dissent relies on Smyth v. Ames, (1898), as a counterexample to Scott, see post, at 28 (opinion of
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

In the ensuing decades, we consistently rebuffed requests
for relief that extended beyond the parties. See, e.g., Per-
kins v. Lukens Steel Co., (1940) ("The
benefits of [the court's] injunction" improperly extended "to
bidders throughout the Nation who were not parties to any
proceeding, who were not before the court[,] and who had
sought no relief "); cf. Frothingham v. Mellon, decided with
Massachusetts v. Mellon, -- 489 (1923)
(concluding that the Court lacked authority to issue "pre-
ventive relief " that would apply to people who "suffe[r] in
some indefinite way in common with people generally");
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 433 (explaining that the Froth-
ingham analysis "intertwines concepts of equity, remedies,
and the judicial power"). As Justice Nelson put it while rid-
ing circuit, "[t]here is scarcely a suit at law, or in equity,...
in which a general statute is interpreted, that does not in-
volve a question in which other parties are interested." Cut-
ting v. Gilbert, 6 F. Cas. 1079, 1080 (No. 3,519) (CC SDNY
1865). But to allow all persons subject to the statute to be
treated as parties to a lawsuit "would confound the estab-
lished order of judicial proceedings." Ibid.
Our early refusals to grant relief to nonparties are con-
sistent with the party-specific principles that permeate our
understanding of equity. "[N]either declaratory nor injunc-
tive relief," we have said, "can directly interfere with en-
forcement of contested statutes or ordinances except with
respect to the particular federal plaintiffs." Doran v. Salem
Inn, Inc., (1975); see also Gregory v. Stet-
son, (1890) ("It is an elementary principle
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
SOTOMAYOR, J.), it is unclear why. Even supporters of the universal in-
junction recognize that "the decree [that Smyth] affirmed did not reach
beyond the parties." M. Sohoni, The Lost History of the "Universal" In-
junction, 133 Harv. L. Rev. 920, 939 (2020); Smyth, 169 U. S., at 476 -- 477
(statement of case) ).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

that a court cannot adjudicate directly upon a person's right
without having him either actually or constructively before
it. This principle is fundamental"); Baude, 137 Harv.
L. Rev., at 168 (noting the "party-specific understanding of
what equitable remedies do").
In fact, universal injunctions were not a feature of federal-
court litigation until sometime in the 20th century. See
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 448 -- 452 (discussing various ra-
tionales for the birth of the universal injunction); see also
Application in No. 24A884, at 17 -- 18. The D. C. Circuit is-
sued what some regard as the first universal injunction in
1963. See Wirtz v. Baldor Elec. Co., 337 F. 2d 518, 535 (en-
joining the Secretary of Labor "with respect to the entire
[electric motors and generators] industry," not just the
named plaintiffs to the lawsuit).7 Yet such injunctions re-
mained rare until the turn of the 21st century, when their
use gradually accelerated. See Bray, Multiple Chancellors
439 -- 443 (referencing Flast v. Cohen, (1968),
and Harlem Valley Transp. Assn. v. Stafford, 360 F. Supp.
1057 (SDNY 1973)). One study identified approximately
127 universal injunctions issued between 1963 and 2023.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 There is some dispute about whether Wirtz was the first universal

injunction. Professor Mila Sohoni points to other possible 20th-century
examples, including West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, 
(1943), Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925), and Lewis Pub-
lishing Co. v. Morgan, (1913). See M. Sohoni, 133 Harv.
L. Rev., at 943; Brief for Professor Mila Sohoni as Amica Curiae 3; see
also post, at 21 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). But see M. Morley, Disaggre-
gating the History of Nationwide Injunctions: A Response to Professor
Sohoni, 72 Ala. L. Rev. 239, 252 -- 256 (2020) (disputing these examples).
Regardless, under any account, universal injunctions postdated the
founding by more than a century -- and under Grupo Mexicano, equitable
authority exercised under the Judiciary Act must derive from founding-
era practice. 527 U. S., at 319. It also bears emphasis that none of these
cases addresses the propriety of universal relief. Like a "drive-by-juris-
dictional rulin[g]," implicit acquiescence to a broad remedy "ha[s] no
precedential effect." Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, (1998).
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

See District Court Reform: Nationwide Injunctions, 137
Harv. L. Rev. 1701, 1705 (2024). Ninety-six of them -- over
three quarters -- were issued during the administrations of
President George W. Bush, President Obama, President
Trump, and President Biden. Ibid.
The bottom line? The universal injunction was conspicu-
ously nonexistent for most of our Nation's history. Its ab-
sence from 18th- and 19th-century equity practice settles
the question of judicial authority.8 See Grupo Mexicano,
527 U. S., at 318 -- 319. That the absence continued into the
20th century renders any claim of historical pedigree still
more implausible. Even during the "deluge of constitu-
tional litigation that occurred in the wake of Ex parte
Young, throughout the Lochner Era, and at the dawn of the
New Deal," universal injunctions were nowhere to be found.
M. Morley, Disaggregating the History of Nationwide In-
junctions: A Response to Professor Sohoni, 72 Ala. L. Rev.
239, 252 (2020) (footnotes omitted). Had federal courts be-
lieved themselves to possess the tool, surely they would not
have let it lie idle.
Faced with this timeline, the principal dissent accuses us
of "misunderstand[ing] the nature of equity" as being
"fr[ozen] in amber... at the time of the Judiciary Act."
Post, at 29 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). Not so. We said it
before, see supra, at 5, and say it again: "[E]quity is flexi-
ble." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 322. At the same time,
its "flexibility is confined within the broad boundaries of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The principal dissent faults us for failing to identify a single founding-

era case in which this Court held that universal injunctions exceed a fed-
eral court's equitable authority. See post, at 29 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR,
J.). But this absence only bolsters our case. That this Court had no oc-
casion to reject the universal injunction as inconsistent with traditional
equity practice merely demonstrates that no party even bothered to ask
for such a sweeping remedy -- because no court would have entertained
the request. Cf. Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 332 ("[E]quitable powers
conferred by the Judiciary Act of 1789 did not include the power to create
remedies previously unknown to equity jurisprudence").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

traditional equitable relief."9 Ibid. A modern device need
not have an exact historical match, but under Grupo Mexi-
cano, it must have a founding-era antecedent. And neither
the universal injunction nor a sufficiently comparable pre-
decessor was available from a court of equity at the time of
our country's inception. See id., at 333. Because the uni-
versal injunction lacks a historical pedigree, it falls outside
the bounds of a federal court's equitable authority under
the Judiciary Act.10 See id., at 318 -- 319.
B
Respondents raise several counterarguments, which the
principal dissent echoes. First, they insist that the univer-
sal injunction has a sufficient historical analogue: a decree
resulting from a bill of peace. Second, they maintain that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 Notwithstanding Grupo Mexicano, the principal dissent invokes Ex

parte Young, (1908), as support for the proposition that
equity can encompass remedies that have "no analogue in the relief ex-
ercised in the English Court of Chancery," because Ex parte Young per-
mits plaintiffs to "obtain plaintiff-protective injunctions against Govern-
ment officials," and the English Court of Chancery "could not enjoin the
Crown or English officers," post, at 30 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). But
contrary to the principal dissent's suggestion, Ex parte Young does not
say -- either explicitly or implicitly -- that courts may devise novel reme-
dies that have no background in traditional equitable practice. Histori-
cally, a court of equity could issue an antisuit injunction to prevent an
officer from engaging in tortious conduct. Ex parte Young justifies its
holding by reference to a long line of cases authorizing suits against state
officials in certain circumstances. See 209 U. S., at 150 -- 152 ; Governor of Geor-
gia v. Madrazo, 1 Pet. 110 (1828); and Davis v. Gray, 16 Wall. 203
(1873)). Support for the principal dissent's approach is found not in
Ex parte Young, but in Justice Ginsburg's partial dissent in Grupo Mex-
icano, which eschews the governing historical approach in favor of "[a]
dynamic equity jurisprudence." 527 U. S., at 337 (opinion concurring in
part and dissenting in part).
10 Nothing we say today resolves the distinct question whether the Ad-

ministrative Procedure Act authorizes federal courts to vacate federal
agency action. See 5 U. S. C. (authorizing courts to "hold unlaw-
ful and set aside agency action").
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

universal injunctions are consistent with the principle that
a court of equity may fashion complete relief for the parties.
Third, they argue that universal injunctions serve im-
portant policy objectives.
1
In an effort to satisfy Grupo Mexicano's historical test,
respondents claim that universal injunctive relief does have
a founding-era forebear: the decree obtained on a "bill of
peace," which was a form of group litigation permitted in
English courts. See Opposition to Application in No.
24A884 (CASA), pp. 30 -- 31; see also Brief for Professor Mila
Sohoni as Amica Curiae 6 -- 8. This bill allowed the Chan-
cellor to consolidate multiple suits that involved a "common
claim the plaintiff could have against multiple defendants"
or "some kind of common claim that multiple plaintiffs
could have against a single defendant." Bray, Multiple
Chancellors 426; see How v. Tenants of Bromsgrove, 1 Vern.
22, 23 Eng. Rep. 277 (1681) (suit by a lord against his ten-
ants collectively); Brown v. Vermuden, 1 Ch. Ca. 283, 22
Eng. Rep. 802 (1676), and Brown v. Vermuden, 1 Ch. Ca.
272, 22 Eng. Rep. 796 (1676) (suit by a parson against lead
miners in a parish, who named four of their members to de-
fend the suit in a representative capacity). Universal in-
junctions are analogous to this traditional equitable device,
respondents say, so federal courts have authority under the
Judiciary Act to issue them.
The analogy does not work. True, "bills of peace allowed
[courts of equity] to adjudicate the rights of members of dis-
persed groups without formally joining them to a lawsuit
through the usual procedures." Arizona v. Biden, 40 F. 4th
375, 397 (CA6 2022) (Sutton, C. J., concurring); see Story
-- 135 (discussing representative suits). Even so, their
use was confined to limited circumstances. See 7A C.
Wright, A. Miller, & M. Kane, Federal Practice and Proce-
dure, p. 10, and (4th ed. 2021) 13

Opinion of the Court

New River Co., 11 Ves. 429, 32 Eng. Rep. 1154 (Ch. 1803)).
Unlike universal injunctions, which reach anyone affected
by legislative or executive action -- no matter how large the
group or how tangential the effect -- a bill of peace involved
a "group [that] was small and cohesive," and the suit did
not "resolve a question of legal interpretation for the entire
realm." Bray, Multiple Chancellors 426. And unlike uni-
versal injunctions, which bind only the parties to the suit,
decrees obtained on a bill of peace "would bind all members
of the group, whether they were present in the action or
not." 7A Wright, Federal Practice and Procedure, at
10; see Smith v. Swormstedt, 16 How. 288, 303 (1854)
(When "a court of equity permits a portion of the parties in
interest to represent the entire body... the decree binds all
of them the same as if all were before the court"); see also
Story ("[I]n most, if not in all, cases of this sort, the
decree obtained upon such a Bill will ordinarily be held
binding upon all other persons standing in the same predic-
ament"). As Chief Judge Sutton aptly put it, "[t]he domes-
ticated animal known as a bill of peace looks nothing like
the dragon of nationwide injunctions." Arizona, 40 F. 4th,
at 397 (concurring opinion).
The bill of peace lives in modern form, but not as the uni-
versal injunction. It evolved into the modern class action,
which is governed in federal court by Rule 23 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure. 7A Wright, Federal Practice and
Procedure, at 10 ("It was the English bill of peace
that developed into what is now known as the class action");
see Hansberry v. Lee, (1940) ("The class suit
was an invention of equity"). And while Rule 23 is in some
ways "more restrictive of representative suits than the orig-
inal bills of peace," Rodgers v. Bryant, 942 F. 3d 451, 464
(CA8 2019) (Stras, J., concurring), it would still be recog-
nizable to an English Chancellor. Rule 23 requires numer-
osity (such that joinder is impracticable), common ques-
tions of law or fact, typicality, and representative parties
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

who adequately protect the interests of the class. Fed. Rule
Civ. Proc. 23(a). The requirements for a bill of peace were
virtually identical. See 7A Wright, Federal Practice and
Procedure, at 10, and. None of these requirements is a pre-
requisite for a universal injunction.
Rule 23's limits on class actions underscore a significant
problem with universal injunctions. A " 'properly conducted
class action,' " we have said, "can come about in federal
courts in just one way -- through the procedure set out in
Rule 23." Smith v. Bayer Corp., (2011);
Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(a) ("One or more members of a class
may sue or be sued as representative parties on behalf of all
members only if " Rule 23(a)'s requirements are satisfied
). Yet by forging a shortcut to relief that
benefits parties and nonparties alike, universal injunctions
circumvent Rule 23's procedural protections and allow
" 'courts to "create de facto class actions at will." ' " Smith,
564 U. S., at 315 ). Why bother with a Rule 23 class action when
the quick fix of a universal injunction is on the table? Cf.
Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 330 -- 331 ("Why go through
the trouble of complying with local attachment and garnish-
ment statutes when this all-purpose prejudgment injunc-
tion is available?"). The principal dissent's suggestion that
these suits could have satisfied Rule 23's requirements
simply proves that universal injunctions are a class-action
workaround. Post, at 25 -- 26 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.).
The taxpayer suit is a similarly inadequate historical
analogy. Contra, post, at 24 -- 25. In a successful taxpayer
suit, a court would enjoin the collection of an unlawful tax
against "taxpayers joined as co-plaintiffs, or by one tax-
payer suing on behalf of himself and all others similarly sit-
uated." 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 277. To
be sure, some state courts would occasionally "enjoin the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

enforcement and collection" of taxes against an "entire com-
munity," even when a "single taxpayer su[ed] on his own
account." Id., at 277 -- 278. But the practice of extending
relief "with respect to any taxpayer" was not adopted by
state courts until the mid-19th century, and even then, not
all states were willing to provide such sweeping relief. See
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 427. This post-founding prac-
tice of some state courts thus sheds minimal light on federal
courts' equitable authority under the Judiciary Act. What
is more, in Frothingham, we refused to allow a single tax-
payer to challenge a federal appropriations act. 262 U. S.,
at 486 -- 487. That counsels against placing much, if any, re-
liance on taxpayer suits as justification for the modern uni-
versal injunction.
2
Respondents contend that universal injunctions -- or at
least these universal injunctions -- are consistent with the
principle that a court of equity may fashion a remedy that
awards complete relief. See Opposition to Application in
No. 24A884 (CASA), at 22 -- 25; Opposition to Application in
No. 24A885 (Washington), pp. 28 -- 32; Opposition to Appli-
cation in No. 24A886 (New Jersey), pp. 31 -- 39. We agree
that the complete-relief principle has deep roots in equity.
But to the extent respondents argue that it justifies the
award of relief to nonparties, they are mistaken.11
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 JUSTICE JACKSON, for her part, thinks the "premise" that universal

injunctions provide relief to nonparties is "suspect" because, in her view,
"[n]onparties may benefit from an injunction, but only the plaintiff gets
relief." Post, at 8 -- 9, (dissenting opinion). The availability of con-
tempt proceedings suggests otherwise. Consider the civil contempt con-
text. Under "traditional principles of equity practice," courts may "im-
pos[e] civil contempt sanctions to 'coerce [a] defendant into compliance'
with an injunction." Taggart v. Lorenzen, (2019)
).
Generally, civil contempt proceedings occur between the original parties
to the lawsuit. See Gompers v. Bucks Stove & Range Co., TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

"Complete relief " is not synonymous with "universal re-
lief." It is a narrower concept: The equitable tradition has
long embraced the rule that courts generally "may admin-
ister complete relief between the parties." Kinney-Coastal
Oil Co. v. Kieffer, (1928). While party-specific injunctions sometimes "ad-
vantag[e] nonparties," Trump, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS,
J., concurring), they do so only incidentally.
Consider an archetypal case: a nuisance in which one
neighbor sues another for blasting loud music at all hours
of the night. To afford the plaintiff complete relief, the court
has only one feasible option: order the defendant to turn her
music down -- or better yet, off. That order will necessarily
benefit the defendant's surrounding neighbors too; there is
no way "to peel off just the portion of the nuisance that
harmed the plaintiff." Rodgers, 942 F. 3d, at 462 (Stras, J.,
concurring); see A. Woolhandler & C. Nelson, Does History
Defeat Standing Doctrine? 102 Mich. L. Rev. 689, 702
(2004). But while the court's injunction might have the
practical effect of benefiting nonparties, "that benefit [is]
merely incidental." Trump, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring); see also 3 J. Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, pp. 380 -- 381 (1883).12 As a matter of law, the injunc-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
444 -- 445 (1911). But a federal court's "power in civil contempt proceed-
ings is determined by the requirements of full remedial relief " to "effect
compliance with its decree." McComb v. Jacksonville Paper Co., -- 194 (1949). And "[w]hen an order grants relief for a non-
party," as is the case with universal injunctions,"the procedure for en-
forcing the order is the same as for a party." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 71; see,
e.g., Zamecnik v. Indiana Prairie School Dist. No. 204, 636 F. 3d 874, 879
(CA7 2011). So a nonparty covered by a universal injunction is likely to
reap both the practical benefit and the formal relief of the injunction.
See M. Smith, Only Where Justified: Toward Limits and Explanatory
Requirements for Nationwide Injunctions, 95 Notre Dame L. Rev. 2013,
2019 (2020).
12 There may be other injuries for which it is all but impossible for
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

tion's protection extends only to the suing plaintiff -- as evi-
denced by the fact that only the plaintiff can enforce the
judgment against the defendant responsible for the nui-
sance. If the nuisance persists, and another neighbor wants
to shut it down, she must file her own suit.13
The individual and associational respondents are there-
fore wrong to characterize the universal injunction as
simply an application of the complete-relief principle. Un-
der this principle, the question is not whether an injunction
offers complete relief to everyone potentially affected by an
allegedly unlawful act; it is whether an injunction will offer
complete relief to the plaintiffs before the court. See Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979) ("[I]njunctive
relief should be no more burdensome to the defendant than
necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs" (em-
phasis added)). Here, prohibiting enforcement of the Exec-
utive Order against the child of an individual pregnant
plaintiff will give that plaintiff complete relief: Her child
will not be denied citizenship. Extending the injunction to
cover all other similarly situated individuals would not ren-
der her relief any more complete.
The complete-relief inquiry is more complicated for the
state respondents, because the relevant injunction does not
purport to directly benefit nonparties. Instead, the District
Court for the District of Massachusetts decided that a uni-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts to craft relief that is complete and benefits only the named plain-
tiffs. See, e.g., Shaw v. Hunt, (1996) (racially gerryman-
dered congressional maps).
13 The new plaintiff might be able to assert nonmutual offensive issue

preclusion. See Parklane Hosiery Co. v. Shore, -- 332
(1979) (setting forth prerequisites for applying the doctrine). But non-
mutual offensive issue preclusion is unavailable against the United
States. United States v. Mendoza, (1984). That uni-
versal injunctions end-run this rule is one of the Government's objections
to them.
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

versal injunction was necessary to provide the States them-
selves with complete relief. See 766 F. Supp. 3d, at 288.14
The States maintain that the District Court made the right
call. See Opposition to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jer-
sey), at 31 -- 39.
As the States see it, their harms -- financial injuries and
the administrative burdens flowing from citizen-dependent
benefits programs -- cannot be remedied without a blanket
ban on the enforcement of the Executive Order. See, e.g.,
id., at 9 -- 11. Children often move across state lines or are
born outside their parents' State of residence. Id., at 31, 35.
Given the cross-border flow, the States say, a "patchwork
injunction" would prove unworkable, because it would re-
quire them to track and verify the immigration status of the
parents of every child, along with the birth State of every
child for whom they provide certain federally funded bene-
fits. Ibid.
The Government -- unsurprisingly -- sees matters differ-
ently. It retorts that even if the injunction is designed to
benefit only the States, it is "more burdensome than neces-
sary to redress" their asserted harms. Califano, 442 U. S.,
at 702. After all, to say that a court can award complete
relief is not to say that it should do so. Complete relief is
not a guarantee -- it is the maximum a court can provide.
And in equity, "the broader and deeper the remedy the
plaintiff wants, the stronger the plaintiff 's story needs to
be." S. Bray & P. Miller, Getting into Equity, 97 Notre
Dame L. Rev. 1763, 1797 (2022). In short, "[t]he essence of
equity jurisdiction has been the power of the Chancellor to
do equity and to mould each decree to the necessities of the
particular case." Hecht Co. v. Bowles, 
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 The District Court for the Western District of Washington acknowl-

edged the state respondents' complete-relief argument but primarily
granted a universal injunction on the basis that the "extreme nature of
the equities... alone warrant[ed] nationwide relief." 765 F. Supp. 3d
1142, 1153 (2025).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

(1944).
Leaning on these principles, the Government contends
that narrower relief is appropriate. For instance, the Dis-
trict Court could forbid the Government to apply the Exec-
utive Order within the respondent States, including to chil-
dren born elsewhere but living in those States. Application
in No. 24A884, at 23. Or, the Government says, the District
Court could direct the Government to "treat covered chil-
dren as eligible for purposes of federally funded welfare
benefits." Ibid. It asks us to stay the injunction insofar as
it sweeps too broadly.
We decline to take up these arguments in the first in-
stance. The lower courts should determine whether a nar-
rower injunction is appropriate; we therefore leave it to
them to consider these and any related arguments.
3
Respondents also defend universal injunctions as a mat-
ter of policy. They argue that a universal injunction is
sometimes the only practical way to quickly protect groups
from unlawful government action. See Opposition to Appli-
cation in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 26 -- 27; see also A. Frost,
In Defense of Nationwide Injunctions, 93 N. Y. U. L. Rev.
1065, 1090 -- 1094 (2018) (suggesting that universal injunc-
tions are appropriate when not all interested individuals
can come quickly to court); post, at 37 -- 39 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). Respondents also contend that universal in-
junctions are an appropriate remedy to preserve equal
treatment among individuals when the Executive Branch
adopts a facially unlawful policy. Opposition to Application
in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 25 -- 27; cf. post, at 22
(SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). And they suggest that forcing
plaintiffs to proceed on an individual basis can result in con-
fusion or piecemeal litigation that imposes unnecessary
costs on courts and others. See Opposition to Application
in No. 24A885 (Washington), at 31 -- 32; Frost, 93 N. Y. U.
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

L. Rev., at 1098 -- 1101; see also post, at 31 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). So, they insist, universal injunctions must be
permitted for the good of the system.
The Government advances policy arguments running the
other way. Echoing Chief Judge Sutton, the Government
asserts that avoiding a patchwork enforcement system is a
justification that "lacks a limiting principle and would
make nationwide injunctions the rule rather than the ex-
ception" for challenges to many kinds of federal law. Ari-
zona, 40 F. 4th, at 397 (concurring opinion). It stresses -- as
the principal dissent also observes -- that universal injunc-
tions incentivize forum shopping, since a successful chal-
lenge in one jurisdiction entails relief nationwide. See Ap-
plication in No. 24A884, at 19 -- 20; see also post, at 22
(opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). In a similar vein, the Govern-
ment observes that universal injunctions operate asymmet-
rically: A plaintiff must win just one suit to secure sweeping
relief. But to fend off such an injunction, the Government
must win everywhere. See Application in No. 24A884,
at 19 -- 20; see also post, at 22 -- 23 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.)
(acknowledging this concern).15 Moreover, the Government
contends, the practice of universal injunctions means that
highly consequential cases are often decided in a "fast
and furious" process of " 'rushed, high-stakes, [and] low-
information' " decisionmaking. Labrador, 601 U. S., at ___
(GORSUCH, J., concurring in grant of stay).
When a district court issues a universal injunction, thereby
halting the enforcement of federal policy, the Government
says that it has little recourse but to proceed to the court of
appeals for an emergency stay. The loser in the court of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
15 The Government contrasts this with class actions. A judgment in a

Rule 23 class action (favorable or not) binds the whole class -- so if the
defendant wins, it is protected from future suits. But because an adverse
ruling on a request for universal relief lacks this preclusive effect, plain-
tiffs can continue to file in different forums until they find a court willing
to award such relief.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

appeals will then seek a stay from this Court. See Applica-
tion in No. 24A884, at 20. This process forces courts to re-
solve significant and difficult questions of law on a highly
expedited basis and without full briefing. See ibid.16
The upshot: As with most disputed issues, there are ar-
guments on both sides. But as with most questions of law,
the policy pros and cons are beside the point. Under our
well-established precedent, the equitable relief available in
the federal courts is that "traditionally accorded by courts
of equity" at the time of our founding. Grupo Mexicano, 527
U. S., at 319. Nothing like a universal injunction was avail-
able at the founding, or for that matter, for more than a
century thereafter. Thus, under the Judiciary Act, federal
courts lack authority to issue them.
C
The principal dissent focuses on conventional legal ter-
rain, like the Judiciary Act of 1789 and our cases on equity.
JUSTICE JACKSON, however, chooses a startling line of at-
tack that is tethered neither to these sources nor, frankly,
to any doctrine whatsoever. Waving away attention to the
limits on judicial power as a "mind-numbingly technical
query," post, at 3 (dissenting opinion), she offers a vision of

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
16 Acknowledging these problems, the principal dissent admits that

"[t]here may be good reasons not to issue universal injunctions in the
typical case." Post, at 23 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). This concession,
while welcome, is inconsistent with the position that the universal in-
junction is a "nothing to see here" extension of the kind of decree obtained
on a bill of peace. Neither the principal dissent nor respondents have
pointed to any evidence that such decrees presented any of the universal
injunction's systemic problems or that they were reserved for situations
in which the defendant's conduct was "patently unconstitutional" and
risked "exceptional" harm. Post, at 22 -- 23. It is precisely because the
universal injunction is a new, potent remedy that it poses new, potent
risks. Our observation in Grupo Mexicano rings true here: "Even when
sitting as a court in equity, we have no authority to craft a 'nuclear
weapon' of the law." 527 U. S., at 332.
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the judicial role that would make even the most ardent de-
fender of judicial supremacy blush. In her telling, the fun-
damental role of courts is to "order everyone (including the
Executive) to follow the law -- full stop." Post, at 2; see also
post, at 10 ("[T]he function of the courts -- both in theory and
in practice -- necessarily includes announcing what the law
requires in... suits for the benefit of all who are protected
by the Constitution, not merely doling out relief to injured
private parties"); see also post, at 11, 15. And, she
warns, if courts lack the power to "require the Executive to
adhere to law universally," post, at 15, courts will leave a
"gash in the basic tenets of our founding charter that could
turn out to be a mortal wound," post, at 12.
Rhetoric aside, JUSTICE JACKSON's position is difficult to
pin down. She might be arguing that universal injunctions
are appropriate -- even required -- whenever the defendant
is part of the Executive Branch. See, e.g., post, at 3, 10 -- 12,
16 -- 18. If so, her position goes far beyond the mainstream
defense of universal injunctions. See, e.g., Frost, 93
N. Y. U. L. Rev., at 1069 ("Nationwide injunctions come
with significant costs and should never be the default rem-
edy in cases challenging federal executive action"). As best
we can tell, though, her argument is more extreme still, be-
cause its logic does not depend on the entry of a universal
injunction: JUSTICE JACKSON appears to believe that the
reasoning behind any court order demands "universal ad-
herence," at least where the Executive is concerned. Post,
at 2 (dissenting opinion). In her law-declaring vision of the
judicial function, a district court's opinion is not just per-
suasive, but has the legal force of a judgment. But see Haa-
land v. Brackeen, (2023) ("It is a federal
court's judgment, not its opinion, that remedies an injury").
Once a single district court deems executive conduct unlaw-
ful, it has stated what the law requires. And the Executive
must conform to that view, ceasing its enforcement of the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

law against anyone, anywhere.17
We will not dwell on JUSTICE JACKSON's argument, which
is at odds with more than two centuries' worth of precedent,
not to mention the Constitution itself. We observe only this:
JUSTICE JACKSON decries an imperial Executive while em-
bracing an imperial Judiciary.
No one disputes that the Executive has a duty to follow
the law. But the Judiciary does not have unbridled author-
ity to enforce this obligation -- in fact, sometimes the law
prohibits the Judiciary from doing so. See, e.g., Marbury v.
Madison, 1 Cranch 137 (1803) (concluding that James Mad-
ison had violated the law but holding that the Court lacked
jurisdiction to issue a writ of mandamus ordering him to
follow it). But see post, at 15 (JACKSON, J., dissenting) ("If
courts do not have the authority to require the Executive to
adhere to law universally,... compliance with law some-
times becomes a matter of Executive prerogative"). Observ-
ing the limits on judicial authority -- including, as relevant
here, the boundaries of the Judiciary Act of 1789 -- is re-
quired by a judge's oath to follow the law.
JUSTICE JACKSON skips over that part. Because analyz-
ing the governing statute involves boring "legalese," post, at
3, she seeks to answer "a far more basic question of enor-
mous practical significance: May a federal court in the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
17 Think about what this position means. If a judge in the District of

Alaska holds that a criminal statute is unconstitutional, can the United
States prosecute a defendant under that statute in the District of Mary-
land? Perhaps JUSTICE JACKSON would instinctively say yes; it is hard to
imagine anyone saying no. But why, on JUSTICE JACKSON's logic, does it
not violate the rule of law for the Executive to initiate a prosecution else-
where? See post, at 2 (dissenting opinion). Among its many problems,
JUSTICE JACKSON's view is at odds with our system of divided judicial au-
thority. See, e.g., this Court's Rule 10(a) (identifying conflict in the deci-
sions of the courts of appeals as grounds for granting certiorari). It is
also in considerable tension with the reality that district court opinions
lack precedential force even vis-à-vis other judges in the same judicial
district. See Camreta v. Greene, (2011).
24 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

United States of America order the Executive to follow the
law?" Ibid. In other words, it is unnecessary to consider
whether Congress has constrained the Judiciary; what mat-
ters is how the Judiciary may constrain the Executive.
JUSTICE JACKSON would do well to heed her own admoni-
tion: "[E]veryone, from the President on down, is bound by
law." Ibid. That goes for judges too.
IV
Finally, the Government must show a likelihood that it
will suffer irreparable harm absent a stay. Nken, 556 U. S.,
at 434 -- 435. When a federal court enters a universal injunc-
tion against the Government, it "improper[ly] intru[des]" on
"a coordinate branch of the Government" and prevents the
Government from enforcing its policies against nonparties.
INS v. Legalization Assistance Project of Los Angeles
County Federation of Labor, (1993)
(O'Connor, J., in chambers). That is enough to justify in-
terim relief.
The principal dissent disagrees, insisting that "it strains
credulity to treat the Executive Branch as irreparably
harmed" by these injunctions, even if they are overly broad.
Post, at 17 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.); see also Opposition
to Application in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 16 -- 20. That is so,
the principal dissent argues, because the Executive Order
is unconstitutional. Thus, "the Executive Branch has no
right to enforce [it] against anyone." Post, at 15.
The principal dissent's analysis of the Executive Order is
premature because the birthright citizenship issue is not
before us.18 And because the birthright citizenship issue is
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
18 The dissent worries that the Citizenship Clause challenge will never

reach this Court, because if the plaintiffs continue to prevail, they will
have no reason to petition for certiorari. And if the Government keeps
losing, it will "ha[ve] no incentive to file a petition here... because the
outcome of such an appeal would be preordained." Post, at 42 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). But at oral argument, the Solicitor General acknowl-
edged that challenges to the Executive Order are pending in multiple
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

Opinion of the Court

not before us, we take no position on whether the dissent's
analysis is right. The dissent is wrong to say, however, that
a stay applicant cannot demonstrate irreparable harm from
a threshold error without also showing that, at the end of
the day, it will prevail on the underlying merits. That is
not how the Nken factors work. See 556 U. S., at 434. For
instance, when we are asked to stay an execution on the
grounds of a serious legal question, we ask whether the cap-
ital defendant is likely to prevail on the merits of the issue
before us, not whether he is likely to prevail on the merits
of the underlying suit. See, e.g., Gutierrez v. Saenz, 603
U. S. ___ (2024) (granting application for a stay based on a
question implicating the prisoner's standing to attempt to
access DNA testing). The same is true when an applicant
seeks a stay in other contexts. See, e.g., OPM v. AFGE, 604
U. S. ___ (2025) (granting application for stay because the
organizational plaintiffs' allegations were "insufficient to
support [their] standing"). So too here.
The question before us is whether the Government is
likely to suffer irreparable harm from the District Courts'
entry of injunctions that likely exceed the authority con-
ferred by the Judiciary Act. The answer to that question is
yes. See Coleman v. Paccar Inc., -- 1308
(1976) (Rehnquist, C. J., in chambers); Trump v. Interna-
tional Refugee Assistance Project, -- 579
(2017) (per curiam); see also Maryland v. King, (2012) (ROBERTS, C. J., in chambers) (" '[A]ny
time a State is enjoined by a court from effectuating stat-
utes enacted by representatives of its people, it suffers a
form of irreparable injury' " ). And
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
circuits, Tr. of Oral Arg. 50, and when asked directly "When you lose one
of those, do you intend to seek cert?", the Solicitor General responded,
"yes, absolutely." Ibid. And while the dissent speculates that the Gov-
ernment would disregard an unfavorable opinion from this Court, the
Solicitor General represented that the Government will respect both the
judgments and the opinions of this Court. See id., at 62 -- 63.
26 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the balance of equities does not counsel against awarding
the Government interim relief: Partial stays will cause no
harm to respondents because they will remain protected by
the preliminary injunctions to the extent necessary and ap-
propriate to afford them complete relief.
* * *
Some say that the universal injunction "give[s] the Judi-
ciary a powerful tool to check the Executive Branch."
Trump, 585 U. S., at 720 (THOMAS, J., concurring) ;
S. Malveaux, Class Actions, Civil Rights, and the National
Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. Forum, 56, 57, 60 -- 62 (2017)).
But federal courts do not exercise general oversight of the
Executive Branch; they resolve cases and controversies con-
sistent with the authority Congress has given them. When
a court concludes that the Executive Branch has acted un-
lawfully, the answer is not for the court to exceed its power,
too.
The Government's applications to partially stay the pre-
liminary injunctions are granted, but only to the extent that
the injunctions are broader than necessary to provide com-
plete relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue. The lower
courts shall move expeditiously to ensure that, with respect
to each plaintiff, the injunctions comport with this rule and
otherwise comply with principles of equity. The injunctions
are also stayed to the extent that they prohibit executive
agencies from developing and issuing public guidance about
the Executive's plans to implement the Executive Order.
Consistent with the Solicitor General's representation, 
of the Executive Order shall not take effect until 30 days
after the date of this opinion. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 55.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring.
The Court today holds that federal courts may not issue
so-called universal injunctions. I agree and join in full. As
the Court explains, the Judiciary Act of 1789 -- the statute
that " 'authorizes the federal courts to issue equitable rem-
edies' " -- does not permit universal injunctions. Ante, at 5.
It authorizes only those remedies traditionally available in
equity, and there is no historical tradition allowing courts
to provide "relief that extend[s] beyond the parties." Ante,
at 5 -- 11. That conclusion is dispositive: As I have previously
explained, "[i]f district courts have any authority to issue
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

THOMAS, J., concurring

universal injunctions," it must come from some specific
statutory or constitutional grant. Trump v. Hawaii, -- 714 (2018) (concurring opinion). But, the
Judiciary Act is the only real possibility, and serious consti-
tutional questions would arise even if Congress purported
to one day allow universal injunctions. See id., at 714, ;
see also United States v. Texas, -- 694
(2023) (GORSUCH, J., concurring in judgment).
I write separately to emphasize the majority's guidance
regarding how courts should tailor remedies specific to the
parties. Courts must not distort "the rule that injunctive
relief should be no more burdensome to the defendant than
necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs." Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979). Otherwise,
they risk replicating the problems of universal injunctions
under the guise of granting complete relief.
As the Court recognizes, the complete-relief principle op-
erates as a ceiling: In no circumstance can a court award
relief beyond that necessary to redress the plaintiffs' inju-
ries. See ante, at 18 ("Complete relief is not a guarantee -- 
it is the maximum a court can provide"). This limitation
follows from both Article III and traditional equitable prac-
tice. Because Article III limits courts to resolving specific
"Cases" and "Controversies," see U. S. Const., Art. III, it
requires that any remedy "be tailored to redress the plain-
tiff 's particular injury." Gill v. Whitford, 
(2018). And, equitable remedies historically operated on a
plaintiff-specific basis. Ante, at 6 -- 9. Accordingly, any
"remedy must of course be limited to the inadequacy that
produced the injury in fact that the plaintiff has estab-
lished." Lewis v. Casey, (1996).
Courts therefore err insofar as they treat complete relief
as a mandate. Some judges have read our precedents to
suggest that courts should provide plaintiffs whatever rem-
edy is necessary to give them complete relief. See, e.g.,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

Mock v. Garland, 75 F. 4th 563, 587 (CA5 2023) ("[I]njunc-
tions should be crafted to 'provide complete relief to the
plaintiffs' "); Z. Siddique, Nationwide Injunctions, 117
Colum. L. Rev. 2095, 2106 (2017) ("[C]ourts... tailor their
injunctions to provide complete relief to the parties -- no less
and no more"). But, that reading misunderstands the com-
plete-relief principle.
This principle reflects the equitable "rule that courts gen-
erally 'may administer complete relief between the par-
ties.' " Ante, at 16 (emphasis deleted). It is an important
"aim of the law of remedies... to put the plaintiff in her
rightful position." S. Bray, Multiple Chancellors: Reform-
ing the National Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 466
(2017) (Bray). But, "to say that a court can award complete
relief is not to say that it should do so." Ante, at 18. And,
in some circumstances, a court cannot award complete re-
lief.
As the Court today affirms, any relief must fall within
traditional limits on a court's equitable powers. See ante,
at 5 -- 6 ; Payne v.
Hook, 7 Wall. 425, 430 (1869)). Courts must ask whether
the relief plaintiffs seek "was traditionally accorded by
courts of equity." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 319. And,
they must ensure that any injunctions comport with both
the complete-relief principle and other "principles of eq-
uity." Ante, at 26. For example, courts may need to weigh
considerations such as equity's concern "with justice...
also for the defendant." Bray 468; see H. McClintock,
Handbook of the Principles of Equity 78 (2d ed. 1948). In
some cases, traditional equitable limits will require courts
and plaintiffs to make do with less than complete relief.
This Court's decision in Frothingham v. Mellon, decided
with Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923), exem-
plifies this constraint. Appellant Frothingham sought to
"enjoin the execution of a federal appropriation act" on the
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

THOMAS, J., concurring

grounds that the Act exceeded the Government's authority
and that its execution would improperly increase her tax
burden. Id., at 479, 486. On a maximalist view of the com-
plete-relief principle, Frothingham would have been enti-
tled to a national injunction had her claim been meritori-
ous. After all, "a prohibition on using her tax money for the
[statute] would have been wholly ineffectual" in remedying
the injury caused by unlawful federal spending, given "the
fungibility of money": The Government would still have
been free to execute the statute, so long as it labeled the
underlying funds as coming from other taxpayers. Bray
431. A court thus would have needed to enjoin all spending
under the statute to provide effective relief. But, this Court
rejected Frothingham's request for such an injunction as
beyond "the preventive powers of a court of equity." 262
U. S., at 487. Among other reasons, it emphasized that an
individual taxpayer's "interest in the moneys of the Treas-
ury" was "comparatively minute and indeterminable," and
that the petitioner had not suffered any "direct injury" but
rather was "suffer[ing] in some indefinite way in common
with people generally." Id., at 487 -- 488.*
To be sure, "[w]hat counts as complete relief " can be a
difficult question. Bray 467. Many plaintiffs argue that
only sweeping relief can redress their injuries. And, I do
not dispute that there will be cases requiring an "indivisible
remedy" that incidentally benefits third parties, Tr. of Oral
Arg., 14 -- 15, such as "[i]njunctions barring public nui-
sances," Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS, J., concurring).
But, such cases are by far the exception.
An indivisible remedy is appropriate only when it would
be "all but impossible" to devise relief that reaches only the
plaintiffs. Ante, at 16 -- 17,. Such impossibility is a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Although courts now treat Frothingham primarily as a case about
taxpayer standing, its analysis in fact "intertwine[d] concepts of equity,
remedies, and the judicial power." Bray 430 -- 433; see ante, at 8.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring

high bar. For example, the Court today readily dispatches
with the individual and associational respondents' position
that they require a universal injunction, notwithstanding
their argument that a "plaintiff-specific injunction" would
be difficult to administer and would subject the associa-
tions' members to the burden of having "to identify and dis-
close to the government" their membership. Tr. of Oral Arg.
141 -- 142. As the Court recognizes, "prohibiting enforce-
ment of the Executive Order against the child of an individ-
ual pregnant plaintiff " is all that is required to "give that
plaintiff complete relief." Ante, at 17. Courts may not use
the complete-relief principle to revive the universal injunc-
tion.
* * *
For good reason, the Court today puts an end to the "in-
creasingly common" practice of federal courts issuing uni-
versal injunctions. Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 713 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring). The Court also makes clear that the complete-
relief principle provides a ceiling on federal courts' author-
ity, which must be applied alongside other "principles of eq-
uity" and our holding that universal injunctions are imper-
missible. Ante, at 26. Lower courts should carefully heed
this Court's guidance and cabin their grants of injunctive
relief in light of historical equitable limits. If they cannot
do so, this Court will continue to be "dutybound" to inter-
vene. Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 721 (THOMAS, J., concurring).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

ALITO, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins, con-
curring.
I join the opinion of the Court but write separately to note
two related issues that are left unresolved and potentially
threaten the practical significance of today's decision: the
availability of third-party standing and class certification.
First, the Court does not address the weighty issue
whether the state plaintiffs have third-party standing to as-
sert the Citizenship Clause claims of their individual resi-
dents. See ante, at 2, ; see also ante, at 26 ("The Gov-
ernment's applications to partially stay the preliminary
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

ALITO, J., concurring

injunctions are granted, but only to the extent that the in-
junctions are broader than necessary to provide complete
relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue" ). Ordinarily, "a litigant must assert his or her own
legal rights and interests, and cannot rest a claim to relief
on the legal rights or interests of third parties." Powers v.
Ohio, (1991). In limited circumstances,
however, the Court has permitted a party to assert the
rights of a third party. Admittedly, the Court has not
pinned down the precise circumstances in which third-
party standing is permissible. See Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v.
Static Control Components, Inc., (2014). And commentators have emphasized the need for
"greater doctrinal coherence." C. Bradley & E. Young, Un-
packing Third-Party Standing, 131 Yale L. J. 1, 7 (2021)
(Bradley & Young).
But at a minimum, we have said that a litigant seeking
to assert the legal rights or interests of others must demon-
strate ordinary Article III standing for itself and answer
the additional "threshold question whether [it has] stand-
ing to raise the rights of others." Kowalski v. Tesmer, (2004). But see FDA v. Alliance for Hippo-
cratic Medicine, (2024) (THOMAS, J., con-
curring). This latter requirement, as we have explained,
entails a showing that the litigant has a "close relationship"
to the right holder and that there is some " 'hindrance' " to
the right holder's ability to "protect his own interests."
Kowalski, 543 U. S., at 130. So long as third-party standing doctrine remains good
law, federal courts should take care to apply these limita-
tions conscientiously, including against state plaintiffs.
That is especially so in cases such as these, in which the
parties claiming third-party standing (i.e., the States) are
not directly subject to the challenged policy in the relevant
respect and face, at most, collateral injuries. See Bradley
& Young 56 -- 60.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

ALITO, J., concurring

Today's decision only underscores the need for rigorous
and evenhanded enforcement of third-party-standing limi-
tations. The Court holds today that injunctive relief should
generally extend only to the suing plaintiff. See ante, at 16 -- 
17. That will have the salutary effect of bringing an end to
the practice of runaway "universal" injunctions, but it
leaves other questions unanswered. Perhaps most im-
portant, when a State brings a suit to vindicate the rights
of individual residents and then procures injunctive relief,
does the injunction bind the defendant with respect to all
residents of that State? If so, States will have every incen-
tive to bring third-party suits on behalf of their residents to
obtain a broader scope of equitable relief than any individ-
ual resident could procure in his own suit. Left unchecked,
the practice of reflexive state third-party standing will un-
dermine today's decision as a practical matter.
Second, today's decision will have very little value if dis-
trict courts award relief to broadly defined classes without
following "Rule 23's procedural protections" for class certi-
fication. Ante, at 14. The class action is a powerful tool,
and we have accordingly held that class "certification is
proper only if the trial court is satisfied, after a rigorous
analysis, that the prerequisites of Rule 23(a) have been sat-
isfied." Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. Dukes, -- 
351 (2011). These re-
quirements are more than "a mere pleading standard," id.,
at 350, and a hasty application of Rule 23 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure can have drastic consequences, cre-
ating "potential unfairness" for absent class members and
confusion (and pressure to settle) for defendants. General
Telephone Co. of Southwest v. Falcon, 
(1982). Recognizing these effects, Congress took the excep-
tional step of authorizing interlocutory review of class cer-
tification. See Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(f ).
Putting the kibosh on universal injunctions does nothing
to disrupt Rule 23's requirements. Of course, Rule 23 may
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

ALITO, J., concurring

permit the certification of nationwide classes in some dis-
crete scenarios. But district courts should not view today's
decision as an invitation to certify nationwide classes with-
out scrupulous adherence to the rigors of Rule 23. Other-
wise, the universal injunction will return from the grave
under the guise of "nationwide class relief," and today's de-
cision will be of little more than minor academic interest.
* * *
Lax enforcement of the requirements for third-party
standing and class certification would create a potentially
significant loophole to today's decision. Federal courts
should thus be vigilant against such potential abuses of
these tools. I do not understand the Court's decision to re-
flect any disagreement with these concerns, so I join its de-
cision in full.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring.
The plaintiffs here sought preliminary injunctions
against enforcement of the President's Executive Order on
birthright citizenship. The District Courts granted
universal preliminary injunctions -- that is, injunctions
prohibiting enforcement of the Executive Order against
anyone. Under the Court's holding today, district courts
issuing injunctions under the authority afforded by the
Judiciary Act of 1789 may award only plaintiff-specific
relief. I join the Court's careful and persuasive opinion,
which will bring needed clarity to the law of remedies.
To be sure, in the wake of the Court's decision, plaintiffs
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

who challenge the legality of a new federal statute or
executive action and request preliminary injunctive relief
may sometimes seek to proceed by class action under
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(b)(2) and ask a court to
award preliminary classwide relief that may, for example,
be statewide, regionwide, or even nationwide. See ante, at
13 -- 14; A. A. R. P. v. Trump, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(per curiam) ; Califano v. Yamasaki, -- 703 (1979). And in cases under the
Administrative Procedure Act, plaintiffs may ask a court to
preliminarily "set aside" a new agency rule. 5 U. S. C.
; see, e.g., West Virginia v. EPA, 
(2016); see also Corner Post, Inc. v. Board of Governors, -- 843 (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring).1
But importantly, today's decision will require district
courts to follow proper legal procedures when awarding
such relief. Most significantly, district courts can no longer
award preliminary nationwide or classwide relief except
when such relief is legally authorized. And that salutary
development will help bring substantially more order and
discipline to the ubiquitous preliminary litigation over new
federal statutes and executive actions.
I write separately simply to underscore that this case
focuses on only one discrete aspect of the preliminary
litigation relating to major new federal statutes and
executive actions -- namely, what district courts may do
with respect to those new statutes and executive actions in
what might be called "the interim before the interim."
Although district courts have received much of the
attention (and criticism) in debates over the universal-
injunction issue, those courts generally do not have the last
word when they grant or deny preliminary injunctions. The

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In addition, as the Court notes, an injunction granting complete relief

to plaintiffs may also, as a practical matter, benefit nonparties. Ante, at
15 -- 19.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

courts of appeals and this Court can (and regularly do)
expeditiously review district court decisions awarding or
denying preliminary injunctive relief. The losing party in
the district court -- the defendant against whom an
injunction is granted, or the plaintiff who is denied an
injunction -- will often go to the court of appeals to seek a
temporary stay or injunction. And then the losing party in
the court of appeals may promptly come to this Court with
an application for a stay or injunction. This Court has
therefore often acted as the ultimate decider of the interim
legal status of major new federal statutes and executive
actions. See, e.g., Ohio v. EPA, (2024); Danco
Laboratories, LLC v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 598
U. S. ___ (2023); National Federation of Independent
Business v. OSHA, (2022) (per curiam);
Alabama Assn. of Realtors v. Department of Health and
Human Servs., (2021) (per curiam); see also
Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024)
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 
3).
After today's decision, that order of operations will not
change. In justiciable cases, this Court, not the district
courts or courts of appeals, will often still be the ultimate
decisionmaker as to the interim legal status of major new
federal statutes and executive actions -- that is, the interim
legal status for the several-year period before a final
decision on the merits.
I
The Court's decision today focuses on the "interim before
the interim" -- the preliminary relief that district courts can
award (and courts of appeals can approve) for the generally
weeks-long interim before this Court can assess and settle
the matter for the often years-long interim before a final
decision on the merits. To appreciate the broader context
surrounding today's decision, it is important to understand
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

this Court's role in preliminary litigation of this sort.
The basic scenario in these kinds of applications to this
Court is by now familiar. Congress passes a major new
statute, or the Executive Branch issues a major new rule or
executive order. The litigation over the legality of the new
statute or executive action winds its way through the
federal courts. And that litigation may meander on for
many months or often years before this Court can issue a
final ruling deciding the legality of the new statute or
executive action.
In the meantime, various plaintiffs may seek preliminary
injunctions, sometimes in many different district courts.
And a government defendant against whom a preliminary
injunction is granted (or a plaintiff who is denied a
preliminary injunction) may seek a temporary stay or
injunction in the court of appeals and then in this Court.
That preliminary-injunction litigation -- which typically
takes place at a rapid-fire pace long before the merits
litigation culminates several years down the road -- raises a
question: What should the interim legal status of the
significant new federal statute or executive action at issue
be during the several-year period before this Court's final
ruling on the merits?
That interim-status question is itself immensely
important. The issue of whether a major new federal
statute or executive action "is enforceable during the
several years while the parties wait for a final merits ruling... raises a separate question of extraordinary significance
to the parties and the American people." Labrador v. Poe,
601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring
in grant of stay) ( -- 3).
The interim-status issue in turn raises two other critical
questions: Should there be a nationally uniform answer on
the question of whether a major new federal statute or
executive action can be legally enforced in the often years-
long interim period until this Court reaches a final decision
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

on the merits? If so, who decides what the nationally
uniform interim answer is?
First, in my view, there often (perhaps not always, but
often) should be a nationally uniform answer on whether a
major new federal statute, rule, or executive order can be
enforced throughout the United States during the several-
year interim period until its legality is finally decided on
the merits.
Consider just a few of the major executive actions that
have been the subject of intense preliminary-injunction or
other pre-enforcement litigation in the past 10 years or so,
under Presidents of both political parties. They range from
travel bans to birthright citizenship, from the Clean Power
Plan to student loan forgiveness, from the OSHA vaccine
mandate to the service of transgender individuals in the
military, from Title IX regulations to abortion drugs. And
the list goes on. Those executive actions often are highly
significant and have widespread effects on many
individuals, businesses, governments, and other
organizations throughout the United States.
Often, it is not especially workable or sustainable or
desirable to have a patchwork scheme, potentially for
several years, in which a major new federal statute or
executive action of that kind applies to some people or
organizations in certain States or regions, but not to others.
The national reach of many businesses and government
programs, as well as the regular movement of the American
people into and out of different States and regions, would
make it difficult to sensibly maintain such a scattershot
system of federal law.
Second, if one agrees that the years-long interim status
of a highly significant new federal statute or executive
action should often be uniform throughout the United
States, who decides what the interim status is?
The answer typically will be this Court, as has been the
case both traditionally and recently. This Court's actions
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

in resolving applications for interim relief help provide
clarity and uniformity as to the interim legal status of
major new federal statutes, rules, and executive orders. In
particular, the Court's disposition of applications for
interim relief often will effectively settle, de jure or de facto,
the interim legal status of those statutes or executive
actions nationwide.
The decision today will not alter this Court's traditional
role in those matters. Going forward, in the wake of a major
new federal statute or executive action, different district
courts may enter a slew of preliminary rulings on the
legality of that statute or executive action. Or
alternatively, perhaps a district court (or courts) will grant
or deny the functional equivalent of a universal
injunction -- for example, by granting or denying a
preliminary injunction to a putative nationwide class under
Rule 23(b)(2), or by preliminarily setting aside or declining
to set aside an agency rule under the APA.
No matter how the preliminary-injunction litigation on
those kinds of significant matters transpires in the district
courts, the courts of appeals in turn will undoubtedly be
called upon to promptly grant or deny temporary stays or
temporary injunctions in many cases.
And regardless of whether the district courts have issued
a series of individual preliminary rulings, or instead have
issued one or more broader classwide or set-aside
preliminary rulings, the losing parties in the courts of
appeals will regularly come to this Court in matters
involving major new federal statutes and executive
actions.2
If there is no classwide or set-aside relief in those kinds
of nationally significant matters, then one would expect a
flood of decisions from lower courts, after which the losing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 By statute, some litigation may start in a court of appeals or three-

judge district court and then come directly to this Court.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

parties on both sides will probably inundate this Court with
applications for stays or injunctions.3 And in cases where
classwide or set-aside relief has been awarded, the losing
side in the lower courts will likewise regularly come to this
Court if the matter is sufficiently important.
When a stay or injunction application arrives here, this
Court should not and cannot hide in the tall grass. When
we receive such an application, we must grant or deny.4
And when we do -- that is, when this Court makes a decision
on the interim legal status of a major new federal statute or
executive action -- that decision will often constitute a form
of precedent (de jure or de facto) that provides guidance
throughout the United States during the years-long interim
period until a final decision on the merits.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 That scenario explains why it would not make much sense for this

Court to apply different standards to (i) an application for an injunction
and (ii) an application for a stay of an injunction. See, e.g., Tandon v.
Newsom, (2021) (per curiam) (applying the usual stay
standard to an application for an injunction).
Suppose a district court in Circuit A enjoins a new executive action.
And the court of appeals in Circuit A then declines to stay the injunction.
Meanwhile, a district court in Circuit B does not enjoin that new
executive action, and the court of appeals in Circuit B also declines to
enjoin it. Both cases come to this Court on applications for interim
relief -- one seeking a stay of injunction and one seeking an injunction. It
would not be particularly rational to deny a stay and leave the injunction
in place in Circuit A, and then to turn around and deny an injunction in
Circuit B on account of a purportedly higher standard for this Court to
grant injunctions rather than stays. The standards should mesh so that
this Court can ensure uniformity without regard to the happenstance of
how various courts of appeals and district courts ruled.
4 To obtain an interim stay or injunction, "an applicant must show (1) a

reasonable probability that four Justices will consider the issue
sufficiently meritorious to grant certiorari; (2) a fair prospect that a
majority of the Court will vote to reverse the judgment below; and (3) a
likelihood that irreparable harm will result from the denial" of the
application. Hollingsworth v. Perry, (2010) (per
curiam); see Tandon, 593 U. S., at 64. The Court may also consider
(4) the "balance" of "the equities" and "relative harms" to the parties.
Hollingsworth, 558 U. S., at 190.
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

II
It is sometimes suggested, however, that this Court
should adopt a policy of presumptively denying applications
for stays or injunctions -- even applications involving
significant new federal statutes or executive actions -- 
regardless of which way the various lower courts have
ruled. That suggestion is flawed, in my view, because it
would often leave an unworkable or intolerable patchwork
of federal law in place. And even in cases where there is no
patchwork -- for example, because an application comes to
us with a single nationwide class-action injunction -- what
if this Court thinks the lower court's decision is wrong? On
student loan forgiveness or the Clean Power Plan or
mifepristone or the travel bans, for example? Should we
have a rule of presumptively denying relief, thereby
allowing erroneous injunctions (or erroneous denials of
injunctions) of major new statutes and executive actions to
remain in place for several years, and thus severely
harming the Government and would-be beneficiaries of (or
regulated parties under) those new statutes and executive
actions? I think not. And this Court's actions over the years
reflect that the Court thinks not.
Unless and until this Court grants or denies an
application for stay or injunction, tremendous uncertainty
may surround the interim legal status of the new federal
statute or executive action throughout the country. The
statute or executive action may be in effect in some places
but not others, for some businesses but not others, for some
Americans but not others. That temporary geographic,
organizational, and individual variation in federal law
might not warrant this Court's intervention in run-of-the-
mill cases -- which is why it makes sense that this Court
denies applications for interim relief when the Court is
unlikely to later grant certiorari. See Does 1 -- 3 v. Mills, 595
U. S. ___, ___ (2021) (BARRETT, J., concurring in denial of
application for injunctive relief ). But in cases involving
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

major new federal statutes or executive actions, uniformity
is often essential or at least sensible and prudent. In those
kinds of cases, disuniformity -- even if only for a few years
or less -- can be chaotic. And such chaos is not good for the
law or the country.
One of this Court's roles, in justiciable cases, is to resolve
major legal questions of national importance and ensure
uniformity of federal law. So a default policy of off-loading
to lower courts the final word on whether to green-light or
block major new federal statutes and executive actions for
the several-year interim until a final ruling on the merits
would seem to amount to an abdication of this Court's
proper role.
Some might object that this Court is not well equipped to
make those significant decisions -- namely, decisions about
the interim status of a major new federal statute or
executive action -- on an expedited basis. But district courts
and courts of appeals are likewise not perfectly equipped to
make expedited preliminary judgments on important
matters of this kind. Yet they have to do so, and so do we.
By law, federal courts are open and can receive and review
applications for relief 24/7/365. See 28 U. S. C. ("All
courts of the United States shall be deemed always open for
the purpose of filing proper papers... and making motions
and orders"). And this Court has procedural tools that can
help us make the best possible interim decision in the
limited time available -- administrative stays, additional
briefing, amicus briefs, oral argument, certiorari before
judgment, and the like. On top of that, this Court has nine
Justices, each of whom can (and does) consult and
deliberate with the other eight to help the Court determine
the best answer, unlike a smaller three-judge court of
appeals panel or one-judge district court. And this Court
also will have the benefit of the prior decisions in the case
at hand from the court of appeals and the district court.
Some might argue that preliminary disputes over the
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

legality of major new statutes and executive actions can
draw this Court into difficult or controversial matters
earlier than we might like, as distinct from what happens
on our slower-moving merits docket. That is an
understandable concern. But when it comes to the interim
status of major new federal statutes and executive actions,
it is often important for reasons of clarity, stability, and
uniformity that this Court be the decider. And Members of
the Court have life tenure so that we can make tough calls
without fear or favor. As with the merits docket, the Court's
role in resolving applications for interim relief is to
neutrally referee each matter based on the relevant legal
standard. Avoiding controversial or difficult decisions on
those applications is neither feasible nor appropriate.
Some might also worry that an early or rushed decision
on an application could "lock in" the Court's assessment of
the merits and subtly deter the Court from later making a
different final decision. But in deciding applications for
interim relief involving major new statutes or executive
actions, we often have no choice but to make a preliminary
assessment of likelihood of success on the merits; after all,
in cases of that sort, the other relevant factors (irreparable
harm and the equities) are often very weighty on both sides.
See Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024)
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 
4). Moreover, judges strive to make the correct decision
based on current information notwithstanding any previous
assessment of the merits earlier in the litigation. It is not
uncommon to think and decide differently when one knows
more. This Court has done so in the past, see West Virginia
Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943), and
undoubtedly will continue to do so in the future.
To reiterate, this Court should not insert itself into run-
of-the-mill preliminary-injunction cases where we are not
likely to grant certiorari down the road. But determining
the nationally uniform interim legal status for several years
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

of, say, the Clean Power Plan or Title IX regulations or
mifepristone rules is a role that the American people
appropriately expect this Court -- and not only the courts of
appeals or district courts -- to fulfill.
* * *
The volume of preliminary-injunction and other pre-
enforcement litigation over new federal laws and executive
actions coming to this Court has been growing in recent
years. That trend is in part the result of the increasing
number of major new executive actions by recent
Presidential administrations (of both political parties) that
have had difficulty passing significant new legislation
through Congress. Meanwhile, applications for stays or
injunctions in capital-punishment cases, election disputes,
and other time-sensitive matters (including numerous
COVID -- 19-related disputes in the few years beginning in
2020) have also continued to come to this Court on a steady
basis, as they traditionally have.
Although the volume of applications has increased, the
Court's responsibility for deciding consequential
applications for stays or injunctions is not new. See, e.g.,
West Virginia v. EPA, (2016) (temporarily
enjoining Clean Power Plan); Purcell v. Gonzalez, (2006) (per curiam) (vacating injunction pending appeal
regarding state voter ID law); Rubin v. United States, (1998) (Rehnquist, C. J., in chambers) (denying
stay pending certiorari of order enforcing subpoenas to
Secret Service agents regarding their observations of the
President); Schlesinger v. Holtzman, (1973)
(Marshall, J., in chambers) (staying District Court's
injunction that had ordered a halt to bombing in
Cambodia); Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, 589 (1952) (after expedited oral argument,
affirming District Court's preliminary injunction that
proscribed seizure of steel mills by government); cf.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

Rosenberg v. United States, -- 285 (1953)
(vacating stay of execution of the Rosenbergs).
Today's decision on district court injunctions will not
affect this Court's vitally important responsibility to resolve
applications for stays or injunctions with respect to major
new federal statutes and executive actions. Deciding those
applications is not a distraction from our job. It is a critical
part of our job. With that understanding, I join the Court's
opinion in full.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
Children born in the United States and subject to its laws
are United States citizens. That has been the legal rule
since the founding, and it was the English rule well before
then. This Court once attempted to repudiate it, holding in
Dred Scott v. Sandford, 19 How. 393 (1857), that the chil-
dren of enslaved black Americans were not citizens. To
remedy that grievous error, Congress passed in 1866 and
the States ratified in 1868 the Fourteenth Amendment's
Citizenship Clause, which enshrined birthright citizenship in
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the Constitution. There it has remained, accepted and re-
spected by Congress, by the Executive, and by this Court.
Until today.
It is now the President who attempts, in an Executive Or-
der (Order or Citizenship Order), to repudiate birthright
citizenship. Every court to evaluate the Order has deemed
it patently unconstitutional and, for that reason, has en-
joined the Federal Government from enforcing it. Unde-
terred, the Government now asks this Court to grant emer-
gency relief, insisting it will suffer irreparable harm unless
it can deprive at least some children born in the United
States of citizenship. See Protecting the Meaning and
Value of American Citizenship, Exec. Order No. 14160, 90
Fed. Reg. 8849 (2025).
The Government does not ask for complete stays of the
injunctions, as it ordinarily does before this Court. Why?
The answer is obvious: To get such relief, the Government
would have to show that the Order is likely constitutional,
an impossible task in light of the Constitution's text, his-
tory, this Court's precedents, federal law, and Executive
Branch practice. So the Government instead tries its hand
at a different game. It asks this Court to hold that, no mat-
ter how illegal a law or policy, courts can never simply tell
the Executive to stop enforcing it against anyone. Instead,
the Government says, it should be able to apply the Citizen-
ship Order (whose legality it does not defend) to everyone
except the plaintiffs who filed this lawsuit.
The gamesmanship in this request is apparent and the
Government makes no attempt to hide it. Yet, shamefully,
this Court plays along. A majority of this Court decides that
these applications, of all cases, provide the appropriate oc-
casion to resolve the question of universal injunctions and
end the centuries-old practice once and for all. In its rush
to do so the Court disregards basic principles of equity as
well as the long history of injunctive relief granted to non-
parties.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

No right is safe in the new legal regime the Court creates.
Today, the threat is to birthright citizenship. Tomorrow, a
different administration may try to seize firearms from law-
abiding citizens or prevent people of certain faiths from
gathering to worship. The majority holds that, absent cum-
bersome class-action litigation, courts cannot completely
enjoin even such plainly unlawful policies unless doing so
is necessary to afford the formal parties complete relief.
That holding renders constitutional guarantees meaningful
in name only for any individuals who are not parties to a
lawsuit. Because I will not be complicit in so grave an at-
tack on our system of law, I dissent.
I
The majority ignores entirely whether the President's Ex-
ecutive Order is constitutional, instead focusing only on the
question whether federal courts have the equitable author-
ity to issue universal injunctions. Yet the Order's patent
unlawfulness reveals the gravity of the majority's error and
underscores why equity supports universal injunctions as
appropriate remedies in this kind of case. As every conceiv-
able source of law confirms, birthright citizenship is the law
of the land.
A
The Citizenship Clause provides that "[a]ll persons born
or naturalized in the United States and subject to the juris-
diction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the
State wherein they reside." U. S. Const., Amdt. 14,.
That means what it says. Nestled in the Fourteenth
Amendment alongside the Equal Protection Clause, the
Citizenship Clause does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, ethnicity, religion, or, importantly here, parent-
age. It refers instead to "[a]ll persons born or naturalized
in the United States." Ibid.
Besides birth, there is only one condition: that one be
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

"subject to the jurisdiction" of the United States. Yet that
condition too leaves no room for ambiguity. To be "subject
to the jurisdiction" of the United States means simply to be
bound to its authority and its laws. See N. Webster, An
American Dictionary of the English Language 732 (C.
Goodrich & N. Porter eds. 1865) (defining jurisdiction as the
"[p]ower of governing or legislating," or "the power or right
of exercising authority"). As the Government would pre-
sumably concede, virtually everyone born in the United
States and present in its territory is subject to its authority
and its laws. After all, "[t]he jurisdiction of the nation
within its own territory is necessarily exclusive and abso-
lute." Schooner Exchange v. McFaddon, 7 Cranch 116, 136
(1812) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). Once a citizen of an-
other nation steps onto United States soil, she is (with nar-
row exception) "amenable to the jurisdiction" of the United
States. Id., at 144. That is why "no plausible distinction
with respect to Fourteenth Amendment 'jurisdiction' can be
drawn between resident aliens whose entry into the United
States was lawful, and resident aliens whose entry was un-
lawful." Plyler v. Doe, (1982).
Few constitutional questions can be answered by resort
to the text of the Constitution alone, but this is one. The
Fourteenth Amendment guarantees birthright citizenship.
B
Unsurprisingly given the clarity of the Citizenship
Clause's text, every other source of interpretation confirms
this conclusion. Consider, first, its history. Long before the
Fourteenth Amendment, and indeed before the founding,
the common-law rule of jus soli (literally, right of the soil)
governed English citizenship. That rule rendered a per-
son's birthplace determinative of her citizenship status.
Thus, "the children of aliens, born... in England," gener-
ally were "natural-born subjects, and entitled to all the
privileges of such." 1 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Laws of England 361 -- 362 (1765); see also H. Broom & G.
Denman, Constitutional Law Viewed in Relation to Com-
mon Law 31 (2d ed. 1885) (describing Calvin's Case (1608),
which established that "[e]very one born within the domin-
ions of the King of England... is... entitled to enjoy all
the rights and liberties of an Englishman").
That English common-law rule carried over to the United
States after the founding. Shortly after the Constitution's
ratification, James Madison observed that "it [was] an es-
tablished maxim that birth is a criterion of allegiance," i.e.,
of citizenship. 1 Annals of Cong. 404 (1789). Birth, he ex-
plained, could convey citizenship in two ways: either
through "place" (under the "right of the soil" principle) or
through "parentage" (as for one born to United States citi-
zens). Ibid. "[B]ut, in general," Madison explained, "place
is the most certain criterion" and "it is what applies in the
United States." Ibid. Mere decades later, Justice Story
wrote that "[n]othing is better settled... than the doctrine
that the children even of aliens born in a country... are
subjects by birth." Inglis v. Trustees of Sailor's Snug Har-
bour in City of New York, 3 Pet. 99, 164 (1830). Well before
the Fourteenth Amendment, then, it was the undisputed
"law of the United States [that] every person born within
the dominions and allegiance of the United States, what-
ever were the situation of his parents, is a natural born cit-
izen." Lynch v. Clarke, 1 Sand. Ch. 583, 663 (N. Y. Ch.
1844).
Though the law was clear, the Nation did not always live
up to its promise. Infamously, this Court departed from the
birthright citizenship principle in Dred Scott, 19 How. 393,
holding that the children of enslaved black Americans "are
not included, and were not intended to be included, under
the word 'citizens' in the Constitution." Id., at 404. Follow-
ing the Civil War, the Reconstruction Congress corrected
that grave error. Section 1 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866,
14 Stat. 27, declared that "all persons born in the United
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

States and not subject to any foreign power" would be "citi-
zens of the United States." The Fourteenth Amendment's
guarantee of birthright citizenship followed two years later.
The lawmakers who ratified the Fourteenth Amendment
understood that it would extend citizenship to all children
born here, regardless of parental citizenship. Indeed, some
objected to its passage on those grounds, complaining that
it would permanently extend citizenship to immigrants who
"invade [state] borders" and "settle as trespassers." Cong.
Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess., 2891 (1866). Proponents
agreed, if not with the anti-immigrant sentiment, that the
Clause would extend citizenship to the children of immi-
grants. For example, Senator Conness of California (one of
the Amendment's lead supporters) confirmed on the floor
"that the children born here of Mongolian parents shall be
declared by the Constitution of the United States to be en-
titled to civil rights and to equal protection before the law."
Id., at 2892. "We have declared that by law" in the Civil
Rights Act, he explained, and "now it is proposed to incor-
porate the same provision in the fundamental instrument
of the nation." Id., at 2891. Not one Senator disagreed with
this understanding of the Clause.
In the end, "[t]he Citizenship Clause was no legal inno-
vation." J. Ho, Defining "American": Birthright Citizenship
and the Original Understanding of the 14th Amendment, 9
Green Bag 2d 367, 369 (2006); see also id., at 368 ("Birth-
right citizenship is guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amend-
ment. That birthright is protected no less for children of
undocumented persons than for descendants of Mayflower
passengers"). "It simply restored the longstanding English
common law doctrine of jus soli" abrogated by Dred Scott.
Ho, 9 Green Bag 2d, at 369; see also M. Ramsey, Original-
ism and Birthright Citizenship, 109 Geo. L. J. 405, 472
(2020) (The "central purpose" of the Citizenship Clause
"was, of course, to overrule Dred Scott").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

C
Following the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment,
this Court confirmed the Amendment's plain meaning in
United States v. Wong Kim Ark, (1898). At
issue was the citizenship of Wong Kim Ark, a young Cali-
fornia resident born in San Francisco to Chinese immigrant
parents. Id., at 652. When Wong returned to California
from a trip to China, a custom's collector denied him entry
on the sole ground that he was not a citizen of the United
States. Id., at 653.
This Court held that "[t]he Fourteenth Amendment af-
firms the ancient and fundamental rule of citizenship by
birth within the territory." Id., at 693. As the President
does today, the Government in Wong Kim Ark rested its
case on the Clause's sole qualifier. Wong was not subject to
the jurisdiction of the United States, the Government
claimed, because at birth his parents were aliens in the
United States who were "subjects of the emperor of China,"
thus making Wong a subject of the emperor of China as
well. Id., at 652 -- 653. This Court squarely rejected that
attempt to limit the Citizenship Clause's reach. Instead, it
held, the " 'subject to the jurisdiction' " qualifier excludes
only "children born of alien enemies in hostile occupation,
and children of diplomatic representatives of a foreign
State," id., at 682, "with the single additional exception of
children of members of the Indian tribes owing direct alle-
giance to their several tribes," id., at 693.1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The first two exceptions "ha[d] already been shown, by the law of Eng-

land and by our own law, from the time of the first settlement of the
English colonies in America, [to be] recognized exceptions to the funda-
mental rule of citizenship by birth within the country." Wong Kim Ark,
169 U. S., at 682. The additional exception for certain children born to
Indian tribe members reflected the country's historical understanding
that Indian tribes were "quasi foreign nations" within the physical
boundaries of the United States. See Cong. Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess.,
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

That holding conclusively settled any remaining dispute
over the Citizenship Clause's meaning. Since then, all
three branches of Government have unflinchingly adhered
to it.
This Court, for one, has repeatedly reaffirmed Wong Kim
Ark's holding. Notwithstanding legislation purporting to
render Japanese persons "ineligible" for citizenship, we
held in Morrison v. California, (1934), that a
child with Japanese parents "is a citizen of the United
States if he was born within the United States." Id., at 85.
The Court recognized the same rule even during World War
II, when individuals of Japanese ancestry were subject to
curfew and exclusion orders. See Hirabayashi v. United
States, -- 97 (1943). So too has the Court
recognized that the child of parents unlawfully present in
the United States "is, of course, an American citizen by
birth." United States ex rel. Hintopoulos v. Shaughnessy,
(1957). The same is true of children whose
parents gained admission into the United States by unlaw-
ful means. See, e.g., INS v. Errico, -- 216
(1966); INS v. Rios-Pineda, (1985).
Congress, for its part, has also reaffirmed the principles
of birthright citizenship by enshrining it in a federal stat-
ute. Section 201 of the Nationality Act of 1940 provides that
all those "born in the United States, and subject to the ju-
risdiction thereof," "shall be nationals and citizens of the
United States at birth." 8 U. S. C. ; see also Tag-
gart v. Lorenzen, (2019) (recognizing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2890 (1866). Treaties between many tribes and the Federal Government,
at the time, ensured that it was the tribe, and not the United States Gov-
ernment, that had "prescriptive and law enforcement authority" over
tribal members. M. Ramsey, Originalism and Birthright Citizenship,
109 Geo. L. J. 405, 443 -- 444 (2020); see id., at 442 -- 444. Congress even-
tually extended birthright citizenship to tribal members born in the
United States in 1924. See Indian Citizenship Act of 1924, ch. 233, 43
Stat. 253, 8 U. S. C.. These exceptions are not at issue in these
cases.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

"longstanding interpretive principle" that if statutory term
" 'is "obviously transplanted from another legal source," it
"brings the old soil with it" ' ").
For at least the last century, the Executive Branch has
adhered to the same principle. When Congress proposed to
reaffirm birthright citizenship in the 1940 Nationality Act,
cabinet officials described it as "a statement of the common-
law rule, which has been in the United States from the be-
ginning of its existence." House Committee on Immigration
and Naturalization, Nationality Laws of the United States,
76th Cong., 1st Sess., 7 (Comm. Print 1939). Indeed, the
Government concedes even now that the Executive Branch
has recognized the vitality of birthright citizenship "at least
back to World War II, if not earlier." App. to Opposition to
Application in No. 24A886, p. 323a. That explains, among
other things, why the Social Security Administration and
the Department of State have long accepted proof of one's
birthplace as proof of citizenship. See 44 Fed. Reg. 10369,
10371 (1979); 20 CFR.107(d), 422.103(c)(2) (2024); 22
CFR.40, 51.42 (2024).
Some decades ago, the Office of Legal Counsel was asked
to respond to a House bill that would have denied birthright
citizenship to " 'children born in the United States to par-
ents who are not citizens or permanent resident aliens.' " 19
Op. OLC 340, 341 (1995). The answer well summed up the
state of the law: This "office grapples with many difficult
and close issues of constitutional law. The lawfulness of
this bill is not among them. This legislation is unquestion-
ably unconstitutional." Ibid.
II
A
Undeterred by the Constitution, history, Supreme Court
precedent, federal law, and longstanding Executive Branch
practice, President Donald J. Trump issued Executive Or-
der No. 14160 on the day of his inauguration that purported
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

to redefine American citizenship. The Order declares that
United States citizenship does not extend to persons who
are born to a mother unlawfully present in the United
States, or lawfully present on a temporary basis, and a fa-
ther who is neither a citizen nor lawful permanent resident.
Ibid. It further prohibits federal agencies from issuing cit-
izenship documentation to such persons or accepting state
documentation to that effect, and it directs a slew of federal
officials to conform agency regulations to the Order. Id., at
8449 -- 8450. The prohibition, according to the Order, ap-
plies "only to persons who are born within the United States
after 30 days from the date of th[e] order." Id., at 8449.
B
Shortly after the President issued the Citizenship Order,
several groups of plaintiffs (together, respondents) chal-
lenged the Order in Federal District Courts in Maryland,
Massachusetts, and Washington. Respondents include: a
group of pregnant women2 whose children will not be
United States citizens under the terms of the Citizenship
Order; two immigrants-rights organizations with thou-
sands of members across the country who are likely to give
birth to children who would also be denied citizenship un-
der the Order; and 22 States, the District of Columbia, and
the city of San Francisco. In their respective suits, respond-
ents asserted that the Citizenship Order violates the Four-
teenth Amendment and.
Respondents also sought a preliminary injunction bar-
ring enforcement of the Citizenship Order during the pen-
dency of the litigation. If allowed to go into effect, they said,
the policy would inflict irreparable harm on their children

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Two of these women seek to represent a class of pregnant women and

children residing in Washington State, who are affected by the Citizen-
ship Order. See Complaint in No. 2:25 -- cv -- 00127 (WD Wash., Feb. 4,
2025), ECF Doc. 106. The District Court has yet to rule on the certifica-
tion of that putative class.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(and their members' children) by denying them "enjoyment
of the full privileges, rights, and benefits that come with
U. S. citizenship," and rendering them vulnerable to unlaw-
ful deportation before the Courts could adjudicate their con-
stitutional claim. Complaint in No. 8:25 -- cv -- 00201 (D Md.,
Jan. 21, 2025), p. 6, ¶12; see also Complaint in No. 2:25 -- cv -- 
00127 (WD Wash., Feb. 4, 2025), ECF Doc. 106, pp. 33 -- 36,
¶¶120 -- 139 (Washington Complaint).
As for the States, they attested that enforcement of the
Citizenship Order would cost them millions of dollars in
federal funding and impose significant administrative bur-
dens. The States "administer numerous programs for the
benefit of their residents, including for newborns and young
children, some of whom are wards of the plaintiff States
who are entitled to care by statute." Id., at 23, ¶79. Those
social welfare programs include ones provided for by state
law, as well as ones established by federal law, such as Med-
icaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program: Sev-
eral of them "are funded in part by federal dollars, with fed-
eral funding frequently tied to the citizenship and
immigration status of the individuals served." Ibid. By
stripping some children within the States of their citizen-
ship, the Order would reduce the States' federal funding,
"forc[ing the States] to bear significantly increased costs to
operate and fund programs that ensure the health and well-
being of their residents." Id., at 6, ¶8, 4 -- 5, ¶6; see also Op-
position to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jersey), pp. 9 -- 
11; Complaint in No. 1:25 -- cv -- 10139 (D Mass., Jan. 21,
2025), pp. 23 -- 42, ¶¶121 -- 201. Relatedly, because the States
must verify the citizenship status of the individuals they
serve, the States alleged that the Citizenship Order would
force them to expend significant sums to "modif[y] their...
operational structures and administration" to account for
the changes in citizenship. Washington Complaint 6, ¶8;
see also Opposition to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jer-
sey), at 9 -- 11.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

All three District Courts preliminarily enjoined enforce-
ment of the Citizenship Order. Each court determined that
the Citizenship Order was likely unlawful, that respond-
ents were likely to face irreparable harm without an injunc-
tion, and that the equities and public interest cut decisively
in respondents' favor. See 763 F. Supp. 3d 723, 727, 744 -- 
745 (Md. 2025); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142, 1152 -- 1153 (WD
Wash. 2025); Doe v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d 266, 274, 285 -- 
287 (Mass. 2025).
The District Courts further determined that only injunc-
tions blocking the Citizenship Order's enforcement nation-
wide would completely redress respondents' injuries. For
the organizational plaintiffs, the Maryland District Court
explained that those plaintiffs have " 'over 680,000 mem-
bers... who reside in all 50 U.S. states' " and "hundreds of
them expect to give birth soon." 763 F. Supp. 3d, at 746.
The Washington District Court found that "a geograph-
ically limited injunction would be ineffective" for the state
plaintiffs "as it would not completely relieve [the States] of
the Order's financial burden(s)." 765 F. Supp. 3d, at 1153.
For one thing, that court explained, the constant flow of
people moving in and out of various States meant some chil-
dren born to noncitizen parents in a nonplaintiff State
would later reside in a plaintiff State. Once there, those
children (under state law) would be eligible for state bene-
fits. Yet due to the Citizenship Order, the plaintiff States
would no longer receive federal funding to support those
benefits. In addition, the plaintiff States would have to cre-
ate an entirely new administrative and recordkeeping sys-
tem to accommodate children who were not citizens under
the Order and born in a nonplaintiff State. So if the District
Court allowed birthright citizenship to continue for chil-
dren born in the plaintiff States, but not in any other State,
that would not completely redress the States' financial in-
jury. Ibid.
For identical reasons, the Massachusetts District Court
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

also found that the state plaintiffs' injuries could be re-
dressed only by a universal injunction. See 766 F. Supp.
3d, at 288 ("The harms [the States] have established stem
from the [Order's] impact on the citizenship status -- and
the ability to discern or verify such status -- for any child
located or seeking various services within their jurisdic-
tion").
The Government filed motions to stay the injunctions in
three separate Courts of Appeals. Nowhere did the Govern-
ment contest the District Courts' uniform holdings that the
Citizenship Order likely violated the Constitution. Instead,
it challenged only the scope of the ordered relief, arguing
that the injunctions should be narrowed to block the Order's
enforcement against only the individual persons named in
the complaints.
All three appellate courts denied the Government's re-
quest and left the preliminary injunctions intact. See 131
F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025); 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025);
2025 WL 553485 (CA9, Feb. 19, 2025). The Fourth Circuit,
which reviewed the preliminary injunction issued to the or-
ganizational plaintiffs, concluded that "[t]he district court... carefully explained why an injunction limited to the par-
ties -- including organizations with hundreds of thousands
of members nationwide -- would be unworkable in practice
and thus fail to provide complete relie[f] to the plaintiffs."
2025 WL 654902, *1. The First and Ninth Circuits left un-
disturbed the Massachusetts and Washington District
Courts' respective determinations that only universal in-
junctions would fully redress the States' injuries. See 131
F. 4th, 42 -- 43; 2025 WL 553485, *1.
On March 13, the Government filed emergency applica-
tions with this Court requesting partial stays of the three
preliminary injunctions of the Citizenship Order. The Gov-
ernment renews its contention that the injunctions must be
narrowed to benefit only formal parties in these cases.
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

III
In partially granting the Government's remarkable re-
quest, the Court distorts well-established equitable princi-
ples several times over. A stay, this Court has said, " 'is not
a matter of right,' " but rather " 'an exercise of judicial dis-
cretion.' " Nken v. Holder, (2009). For
centuries, courts have "close[d] the doors" of equity to those
"tainted with inequitableness or bad faith relative to the
matter in which [they] seek relief." Precision Instrument
Mfg. Co. v. Automotive Maintenance Machinery Co., (1945). Yet the majority throws the doors of
equity open to the Government in a case where it seeks to
undo a fundamental and clearly established constitutional
right. The Citizenship Order's patent unlawfulness is rea-
son enough to deny the Government's applications.
The Government also falls well short of satisfying its bur-
den to show that it will likely suffer irreparable harm ab-
sent a stay and that it will likely succeed on the merits of
its challenge to the scope of the injunctions. Nken, 556
U. S., at 434 -- 435. The Executive Branch has respected
birthright citizenship for well over a century, and it ad-
vances no plausible reason why maintaining the status quo
while the litigation proceeds would cause it irrevocable
harm. Nor could it, for the Constitution and federal law
prohibit the enforcement of the Citizenship Order.
For all that, moreover, the Government is not even cor-
rect on the merits of universal injunctions. To the contrary,
universal injunctions are consistent with long-established
principles of equity, once respected by this Court. What is
more, these cases do not even squarely present the legality
of universal injunctions. That is because, even if the major-
ity were right that injunctions can only offer "complete re-
lief to the plaintiffs before the court," ante, at 17, each of the
lower courts here correctly determined that the nationwide
relief they issued was necessary to remedy respondents' in-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

juries completely. So even ignoring the traditional stay fac-
tors and accepting the majority's view of the merits, there
is no reason to grant relief in these cases.
A
It is a bedrock principle that parties who request a stay
must show they will likely suffer irreparable harm absent
such relief. Indeed, "[t]he authority to grant stays has his-
torically been justified by the perceived need 'to prevent ir-
reparable injury to the parties or to the public' pending re-
view." Nken, 556 U. S., at 432 ). Thus, an appar-
ent likelihood of success on the merits never suffices on its
own to justify this Court's intervention: Our emergency
docket is not a mechanism for an expedited appeal. Accord-
ingly, "this Court can avoid delving into the merits" "[i]f the
[applicant does not] demonstrat[e] an irreparable injury."
Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J.,
concurring in grant of stay) ; contra, ante, at
8 -- 11 (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring).
What grave harm does the Executive face that prompts a
majority of this Court to grant it relief? The answer, the
Government says, is the inability to enforce the Citizenship
Order against nonparties. For the majority, that answer
suffices. See ante, at 24 ("When a federal court enters a
universal injunction against the Government, it 'im-
proper[ly] intrude[s]' on 'a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment' and prevents the Government from enforcing its pol-
icies against nonparties").
The problem, however, is that the Executive Branch has
no right to enforce the Citizenship Order against anyone.
As the Executive itself once put it, the Order is "unques-
tionably unconstitutional." Supra, at 9. It defies logic to
say that maintaining a centuries-long status quo for a few
months longer will irreparably injure the Government. See
Starbucks Corp. v. McKinney, -- 346
16 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(2024) (The "purpose" of equitable relief " 'is merely to pre-
serve the relative positions of the parties until a trial on the
merits can be held' "). The President's "mandate... to ex-
ercise his executive power," Myers v. United States, (1926), in any event, does not permit him to
rewrite the Constitution or statutory provisions at a whim.
By forging ahead and granting relief to the Government an-
yway, this Court endorses the radical proposition that the
President is harmed, irreparably, whenever he cannot do
something he wants to do, even if what he wants to do is
break the law.
The majority claims that it can sidestep "analysis of the
Executive Order" altogether because (in its view) every
overbroad injunction necessarily causes irreparable harm
sufficient to warrant emergency intervention. Ante, at 24.
Yet where a purportedly overbroad injunction orders the
Government to do only what this Court has expressly held
it is required to do, it is hard to see how it could cause any
harm. At oral argument, the Government conceded it was
bound to follow this Court's precedent. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
62 -- 63. This Court's precedent establishes beyond a shade
of doubt that the Executive Order is unconstitutional. See
supra, at 3 -- 9. Thus, by enjoining the Government from vi-
olating settled law, the District Courts' orders do not cause
the Government any harm.
The majority's contrary position is self-refuting. Suppose
an executive order barred women from receiving unemploy-
ment benefits or black citizens from voting. Is the Govern-
ment irreparably harmed, and entitled to emergency relief,
by a district court order universally enjoining such policies?
The majority, apparently, would say yes.
Nothing in this Court's precedents supports that result.
It turns one of the " 'most critical' factors we must consider
in deciding whether to grant a stay" into a box-checking ex-
ercise whenever the relevant enjoined action is an executive
one. Trump v. International Refugee Assistance Project, 582
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

U. S. 571, 584 (2017) (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and
dissenting in part). Even accepting that "[a]ny time a State
is enjoined by a court from effectuating statutes enacted by
representatives of its people, it suffers a form of irreparable
injury," Maryland v. King, (2012)
(ROBERTS, C. J., in chambers), that democratic considera-
tion cuts against the Government in these cases. Through
the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment, Congress
and the States constitutionalized birthright citizenship.
Congress also codified birthright citizenship in. It
is thus the Citizenship Order, not the District Courts' in-
junctions, that prevents the " 'effectuat[ion]' " of a constitu-
tional amendment and repeals a " 'statut[e] enacted by rep-
resentatives of [the American] people.' " Id., at 1303.
Simply put, it strains credulity to treat the Executive
Branch as irreparably harmed by injunctions that direct it
to continue following settled law. "All the officers of the
government, from the highest to the lowest, are creatures
of the law and are bound to obey it." United States v. Lee,
(1882); but see Trump v. United States,
(2024). The injunctions do no more harm to
the Executive than the Constitution and federal law do.
B
A majority of this Court nonetheless rushes to address
the merits of the Government's applications, holding that
universal injunctions "likely exceed the equitable authority
that Congress has granted to federal courts." Ante, at 1 -- 2.
A majority that has repeatedly pledged its fealty to "history
and tradition" thus eliminates an equitable power firmly
grounded in centuries of equitable principles and practice.
By stripping all federal courts, including itself, of that
power, the Court kneecaps the Judiciary's authority to stop
the Executive from enforcing even the most unconstitu-
tional policies. That runs directly counter to the point of
equity: empowering courts to do complete justice, including
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

through flexible remedies that have historically benefited
parties and nonparties alike.
1
A brief recounting of equity's history demonstrates the
majority's grave error. The American legal system grew out
of English law, which had two primary judicial institutions:
the common-law courts and equity courts. Equity courts
arose because of the inflexibility of the common-law system;
their purpose was to look beyond formal writs and provide
remedies where the common law gave inadequate relief. In
Blackstone's words, equity was meant "to give remedy in
cases where none before was administered." 3 Commen-
taries on the Laws of England, at 50.
Adaptability has always been a hallmark of equity, espe-
cially with regard to the scope of its remedies. While com-
mon-law courts were "compelled to limit their inquiry to the
very parties in the litigation before them," equity courts
could "adjust the rights of all, however numerous," and
"adapt their decrees to all the varieties of circumstances,
which may arise, and adjust them to all the peculiar rights
of all the parties in interest." J. Story, Commentaries on
Equity Jurisprudence, pp. 27 -- 28 (2d ed. 1839). After
all, equity's "constant aim" was "to do complete justice." J.
Story, Commentaries on Equity Pleadings, p. 74 (2d ed.
1840). Accordingly, equity courts could "decid[e] upon and
settl[e] the rights of all persons interested in the subject-
matter of the suit, so that the performance of the decree of
the Court may be perfectly safe to those, who are compelled
to obey it, and also, that future litigation may be pre-
vented." Ibid.
For equity courts, injunctions were "manifestly indispen-
sable for the purposes of social justice in a great variety of
cases." Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227. Unlike this Court, then, those courts "con-
stantly decline[d] to lay down any rule which shall limit
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

their power and discretion as to the particular cases, in
which such injunctions shall be granted, or withheld." Ibid.
Justice Story underscored the "wisdom in this course": Eq-
uity courts needed flexibility to craft injunctions for partic-
ular cases, as it was "impossible to foresee all the exigencies
of society which may require their aid and assistance to pro-
tect rights or redress wrongs." Ibid.
In their pursuit of complete justice, equity courts could
award injunctive and other equitable relief to parties and
nonparties alike. For centuries, they did so through what
was known as "bills of peace." If a plaintiff or group of
plaintiffs filed such a bill, an English court could use a sin-
gle case to settle disputes affecting whole communities, for
"the inherent jurisdiction of equity" included the power "to
interfere for the prevention of a multiplicity of suits." 1 J.
Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, p. 278 (1881). Bills
of peace issued in cases " 'where the parties [were] very nu-
merous, and the court perceive[d] that it [would] be almost
impossible to bring them all before the court; or where the
question is of general interest, and a few may sue for the
benefit of the whole.' " Ortiz v. Fibreboard Corp., (1999) (CC RI 1820) (Story, J.)). In such cases, a
court could "grant [equitable relief] without making other
persons parties," instead considering them "quasi parties to
the record, at least for the purpose of taking the benefit of
the decree, and of entitling themselves to other equitable
relief, if their rights [were] jeopard[iz]ed." Id., at 723.
Early American courts embraced bills of peace and ex-
tended their logic to cases "which [were] not technically
'bills of peace,' but '[were] analogous to,' or 'within the prin-
ciple' of such bills." 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence,
at 293. One example was taxpayer suits, which allowed
courts to enjoin universally the enforcement of a challenged
tax. Sometimes, such suits were filed "by any number of
taxpayers joined as co-plaintiffs, or by one taxpayer suing
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated." Id.,
at 277. But taxpayer suits were not always representative
in nature: Even "a single taxpayer suing on his own ac-
count," if victorious, could enjoin the collection of a tax
against anyone. Ibid. Individual plaintiffs, moreover, could
secure an order "to set aside and annul any and every illegal
public official action... whereby a debt... would be un-
lawfully created." Ibid. By allowing "complete and final
relief [to] be given to an entire community by means of one
judicial decree," American courts (like their English coun-
terparts) spared nonparties and themselves from the bur-
den of "an indefinite amount of separate litigation." Id., at
278.
Federal courts have also exercised equitable authority to
enjoin universally federal and state laws for more than a
century. For instance, before deciding the constitutionality
of a new federal law in Lewis Publishing Co. v. Morgan, (1913), this Court entered an order blocking the
law's enforcement against parties and nonparties. See M.
Sohoni, The Lost History of the "Universal" Injunction, 133
Harv. L. Rev. 920, 944 -- 946 (2020). In Lewis, two newspa-
per publishers challenged as unconstitutional a federal law
requiring publishers to file with the Postmaster General
twice-yearly disclosures about their editorial board mem-
bership, corporate ownership, and subscribership. Sohoni,
133 Harv. L. Rev., at 944. After the District Court upheld
the law and authorized a direct appeal to the Supreme
Court, one of the publishers moved for a restraining order.
The proposed order sought relief not only for the publisher
who filed it, but asked the Court to " 'restrai[n]' " the Post-
master General and other federal officials from enforcing
the law against " 'appellant and other newspaper publish-
ers.' " Id., at 946. This Court readily agreed, see Journal of
Commerce and Commercial Bulletin v. Burleson, (1913) (per curiam), even as it would have sufficed
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

for the movant publishers' sake to enjoin the Act's enforce-
ment against them alone pending their appeal.
In Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925), too,
this Court affirmed a universal injunction of Oregon's com-
pulsory public schooling law. See Sohoni, 133 Harv.
L. Rev., at 959 -- 962. Two private school owners challenged
that law in a suit against the Governor of Oregon and other
state officials. "The plaintiffs did not sue on behalf of a rep-
resented group or class; they sued for themselves, alleging
that the law was an unconstitutional interference with
their property rights." Id., at 959. Yet a three-judge federal
court awarded them a universal injunction. See id., at 960 -- 
961. This Court, in affirming that relief, twice described it
as "appropriate." Pierce, 268 U. S., at 530, 533. The Court
understood that the injunction it affirmed would provide re-
lief to nonparties, commenting that such relief was neces-
sary because enforcing the Act would result not only in the
"destruction of appellees' primary schools," but would also
destroy "perhaps all other private primary schools for nor-
mal children within the State of Oregon." Id., at 534.
Cases like Lewis and Pierce were not outliers. Through-
out the early 20th century, federal courts granted universal
injunctions even when a narrower remedy would have suf-
ficed to redress the parties' injuries. See, e.g., West Virginia
Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943) (affirming
an injunction that shielded the plaintiff class of Jehovah's
Witnesses, and any other children with religious scruples,
from complying with a state law requiring children to sa-
lute the American flag); see also Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev.,
at 943 -- 993 (collecting cases). It is certainly true that fed-
eral courts have granted more universal injunctions of fed-
eral laws in recent decades. But the issuance of broad eq-
uitable relief intended to benefit parties and nonparties has
deep roots in equity's history and in this Court's precedents.
The universal injunctions of the Citizenship Order fit
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

firmly within that tradition. The right to birthright citizen-
ship is "clear," the Citizenship Order is an " 'illegal act,' "
and without the " 'preventive process of injunction,' " the
right will be " 'irreparably injured.' " Arthur v. Oakes, 63 F.
310, 328 (CA7 1894) (Harlan, J.) (describing standard for
when an injunction should issue). It would be " 'almost im-
possible,' " moreover, " 'to bring all [affected individuals] be-
fore the court,' " Ortiz, 527 U. S., at 832, justifying the use
of one suit to settle the issue of the Citizenship Order's con-
stitutionality for all affected persons. See 1 Pomeroy, Eq-
uity Jurisprudence, at 450 -- 451. Complete justice, the
"constant aim" of equity, Story, Commentaries on Equity
Pleadings, at 74, demands a universal injunction: " 'the
only remedy which the law allows to prevent the commis-
sion' " of a flagrantly illegal policy. Arthur, 63 F., at 328.
The District Courts, by granting such relief, appropriately
"settle[d] the rights of all persons interested in the subject-
matter" of these suits, binding the Government so as to pre-
vent needless "future litigation." Story, Commentaries on
Equity Pleadings, at 74.
Of course, as a matter of equitable discretion, courts may
often have weighty reasons not to award universal relief.
Among other things, universal injunctions can prevent dif-
ferent district and appellate courts from considering the
same issues in parallel, forestalling the legal dialogue (or
"percolation") the federal system uses to answer difficult
questions correctly. Not so here, however, because the Cit-
izenship Order is patently unconstitutional under settled
law and a variety of district and appellate courts have re-
viewed the issue. So too can universal injunctions encour-
age forum shopping, by allowing preferred district judges in
a venue picked by one plaintiff to enjoin governmental pol-
icies nationwide. They also operate asymmetrically against
the Government, giving plaintiffs a litigation advantage: To
halt Government action everywhere, a plaintiff must win
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

only one universal injunction across many potential law-
suits. Yet this is not a scenario where granting universal
relief will encourage forum shopping or give plaintiffs the
upper hand. Quite the opposite: By awarding universal re-
lief below, the District Courts just ordered the Government
to do everywhere what any reasonable jurist would order
the Government to do anywhere.
There may be good reasons not to issue universal injunc-
tions in the typical case, when the merits are open to rea-
sonable disagreement and there is no claim of extraordi-
nary and imminent irreparable harm.3 See Story,
Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227 ("[In-
junctive relief] ought... to be guarded with extreme cau-
tion, and applied only in very clear cases"); cf. ante, at 13 (
"[The] use [of bills of peace] was confined to limited circum-
stances"). The universal injunctions in these cases, how-
ever, are more than appropriate. These injunctions, after
all, protect newborns from the exceptional, irreparable
harm associated with losing a foundational constitutional
right and its immediate benefits. They thus honor the most
basic value of our constitutional system: They keep the Gov-
ernment within the bounds of law. Marbury v. Madison, 1
Cranch 137, 163 (1803).
2
The majority's contrary reasoning falls flat. The majority
starts with the Judiciary Act of 1789, which gives federal
courts jurisdiction over "all suits... in equity.", 1 Stat.
78. In the majority's telling, universal injunctions are in-
consistent with equity jurisdiction because they are not
"sufficiently 'analogous' to the relief ' "exercised by the High
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 These prudential considerations, however, have nothing to do with

whether universal injunctions are consistent with historical equitable
principles and practice. Contra ante, at 21, ; but cf. ante, at 21
("[T]he policy pros and cons [of universal injunctions] are beside the
point").
24 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Court of Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution and the enactment of the original Judici-
ary Act." ' " Ante, at 6 ). In reaching that ahistorical result, the Court
claims that the English Chancellor's remedies were "typi-
cally" party specific, and emphasizes that party-specific
principles have permeated this Court's understanding of
equity. Ante, at 6 -- 9.
The majority's argument stumbles out the gate. As the
majority must itself concede, injunctions issued by English
courts of equity were "typically," but not always, party spe-
cific. Ante, at 7. After all, bills of peace, for centuries, al-
lowed English courts to adjudicate the rights of parties not
before it, and to award remedies intended to benefit entire
affected communities. Taxpayer suits, too, could lead to a
complete injunction of a tax, even when only a single plain-
tiff filed suit.
The majority seeks to distinguish bills of peace from uni-
versal injunctions by urging that the former (but not the
latter) typically applied to small and cohesive groups and
were representative in nature. See ante, at 13. Yet those
are distinctions without a difference. Equity courts had the
flexibility to "adapt their decrees to all the varieties of cir-
cumstances, which may arise, and adjust them to all the
peculiar rights of all the parties in interest." Story, Com-
mentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 28. There is no
equitable principle that caps the number of parties in inter-
est. Indeed, in taxpayer suits, a single plaintiff could get
the relief of "annul[ling] any and every kind of tax or as-
sessment" that applied to an entire "county, town, or city."
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 277.4 "[T]he in-
herent jurisdiction of equity to interfere for the prevention
of a multiplicity of suits," moreover, is what empowered
common law courts to issue bills of peace. Id., at 450 -- 451
(4th ed. 1918). That is why early American courts under-
stood taxpayer suits, in which even a "single taxpayer suing
on his own account" and not on behalf of others could secure
a total injunction, to be a natural extension of a bill of peace.
Id., at 277 (1881).5
It is also unclear why " 'cohesive[ness]' " or "representa-
tive[ness]" would preclude even those universal injunctions
that, like here, benefit a discrete and cohesive group. Ante,
at 13. The Citizenship Order itself applies only to a subset
group of newborn children: that is, children born to a
mother unlawfully or temporarily present, and a father who
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923), which addressed a tax-

payer's standing to challenge a federal appropriation, did not consider
how broadly a court could enjoin Government action and is therefore not
to the contrary. Id., at 488; contra, ante, at 15.
5 The majority asserts that taxpayer suits are an "inadequate historical

analogy" for a universal injunction, ante, at 14, but cannot dispute their
essential similarity: By providing relief to an entire affected community,
both do more than merely redress a plaintiff 's injuries. Instead, the ma-
jority says that single-plaintiff, nonrepresentative taxpayer suits cannot
be proper "historical" analogues because they trace only back to the "mid-
19th century." See ibid. Yet the same is true of plaintiff-protective in-
junctions against federal and state government officials, an equitable
remedy the majority embraces by reference to "a long line of cases au-
thorizing suits against State officials in certain circumstances" that
range from the cusp of the mid-19th century to the late mid-19th century.
Ante, at 11,. In any event, early American courts deemed taxpayer
suits " 'analogous to,' [and] 'within the principle of'... bills [of peace],' "
1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 293, which trace back to the
equitable practice of the English Chancery Court, ante, at 12. Nor is it
clear why it matters that individual taxpayer suits occurred in state
courts, or that those courts did not always award the broad injunctions
available to them. Contra, ante, at 15. The relevant question is simply
whether a court of equity could award injunctive relief to nonparties.
The answer to that question is, obviously, yes.
26 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

is neither a citizen nor lawful permanent resident. Those
mothers and fathers share "not only [a common] interest in
the question, but one in common in the subject-matter of
th[is] suit." Scott v. Donald, (1897). Nor
is there any doubt that at least the individual respondents
adequately represent the injunction's beneficiaries: Like all
affected parents, they "are necessarily interested in obtain-
ing the relief sought" to preserve their children's citizen-
ship. Emmons v. National Mut. Bldg. & Loan Assn. of NY,
135 F. 689, 691 (CA4 1905) (explaining the "well-known
doctrine of equity jurisprudence" that " 'the relief sought by
[a plaintiff]' " must be " 'beneficial to those whom he under-
takes to represent' " )). What was true of bills of peace is thus true of these
universal injunctions and universal injunctions generally,
too: Both allow courts to " 'adjudicate the rights of members
of dispersed groups without formally joining them to a law-
suit through the usual procedures.' " Ante, at 13.
That bills of peace bear some resemblance to modern day
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 class actions does not
mean they cannot also be a historical analogue to the uni-
versal injunction. Contra, ante, at 13 ("The bill of peace
lives in modern form" as the "modern class action... gov-
erned in federal court by Rule 23," "not as the universal in-
junction"). In the majority's view, Rule 23 class actions, but
not universal injunctions, would "be recognizable to an Eng-
lish Chancellor" because the limitations on class actions
mirror those that applied to bills of peace. Ante, at 14 (Rule
23 "requires numerosity (such that joinder is impractica-
ble), common questions of law or fact, typicality, and repre-
sentative parties who adequately protect the interests of
the class"); cf. supra, at 25 (explaining why the universal
injunctions in these cases are consistent with those limits).
To the extent that English Chancellors would care about
the differences between Rule 23 and universal injunctions,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the majority provides absolutely no reason to conclude they
would think the former permissible and not the latter. To
the contrary, unlike the Court today, the English Chancery
Court recognized that principles of equity permit granting
relief to nonparties. The history of bills of peace makes that
apparent, particularly because they went beyond what Rule
23 permits. See ante, at 13 -- 14 ("[T]he modern Rule 23 is in
some ways 'more restrictive of representative suits than the
original bills of peace' "). They are thus a common ancestor
to both class actions and universal injunctions.
In any event, nothing in Rule 23 purports to supplant or
modify federal courts' equitable authority under the Judici-
ary Act to grant relief to nonparties, nor could it. Contra,
ante, at 14. The majority frets that universal injunctions,
if permissible, will empower federal courts to create de facto
class actions at will, thereby circumventing Rule 23's pro-
cedural protections. Ibid. Those concerns, however, have
not been borne out in reality. Rule 23 has coexisted with
universal injunctions against the Government for decades.
Universal injunctions also cannot supplant the paradigm
form of class actions, which seek money damages. In all
events, to the extent the majority's concern has any teeth,
reviewing courts are already well equipped to safeguard
Rule 23's procedural protections. If there is a genuine lack
of clarity as to the lawfulness of challenged Government ac-
tion, district courts may well abuse their discretion by re-
flexively issuing universal injunctions where a Rule 23
class action would be more appropriate. See Ashcroft v.
American Civil Liberties Union, (2004)
(standard of review for preliminary injunctions is " 'abuse of
discretion' ").
The majority next insists that the practice of "founding-
era courts of equity in the United States" cuts against uni-
versal injunctions, and that this Court "consistently re-
buffed requests for relief that extended beyond the parties."
Ante, at 8. The majority's account is irreconcilable with
28 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

early American bills of peace and the history of taxpayer
suits. It further contradicts this Court's practice, in cases
like Lewis, Pierce, and Barnette, of affirming and granting
universal injunctions even when narrower, plaintiff-
focused injunctions would have offered complete relief to
the parties. See supra, at 20 -- 21. The majority instead fo-
cuses on one case from 1897, in which this Court "permitted
only a narro[w] decree between 'the parties named as plain-
tiff and defendants in the bill,' " ante, at 7, over others, including from the same pe-
riod, doing just the opposite. The majority offers no princi-
pled basis to deem the question resolved by a single case
from 1897 while cases just a few years later charted a dif-
ferent course. Indeed, if the relevant inquiry turns on
"founding-era practice," then there is no reason why a case
from 1897 should be dispositive. Ante, at 9,.
In the majority's telling, Scott merely "illustrates that as
late as 1897, this Court adhered to a party-specific view of
relief." Ante, at 7 -- 8,. Nothing in Scott, however, dic-
tates that equitable relief must always be party specific. To
the contrary, just one year after Scott, the Court endorsed
the opposite view: "Only a court of equity," the Court ex-
plained, "is competent to... determine, once for all and
without a multiplicity of suits, matters that affect not
simply individuals, but the interests of the entire commu-
nity." Smyth v. Ames, (1898); see also
id., at 517 ("[T]he circuit court of the United States, sitting
in equity, can make a comprehensive decree covering the
whole ground of controversy, and thus avoid the multiplic-
ity of suits that would inevitably arise under the statute").6

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Regardless of the actual decree the Smyth court approved, see ante,

at 7 -- 8, its analysis clearly reveals that the Court understood equity
to permit broad relief intended to benefit parties and nonparties alike.
That is why this Court later approved or granted universal injunctions
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

The majority does not identify a single case, from the found-
ing era or otherwise, in which this Court held that federal
courts may never issue universal injunctions or broad equi-
table relief that extends to nonparties. That is to be ex-
pected, given the historical support for such relief and its
use in bills of peace and taxpayer suits.
Most critically, the majority fundamentally misunder-
stands the nature of equity by freezing in amber the precise
remedies available at the time of the Judiciary Act. Even
as it declares that " '[e]quity is flexible,' " ante, at 11, the ma-
jority ignores the very flexibility that historically allowed
equity to secure complete justice where the rigid forms of
common law proved inadequate. Indeed, "[i]n th[e] early
times [of the common law] the chief juridical employment
of the chancellor must have been in devising new writs, di-
rected to the courts of common law, to give remedy in cases
where none before was administered." 3 Blackstone, Com-
mentaries on the Laws of England, at 50. Adaptability has
thus always been at the equity's core. Hence why equity
courts "constantly decline[d] to lay down any rule which
shall limit their power and discretion as to the particular
cases, in which such injunctions shall be granted, or with-
held." Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227. The Judiciary Act of 1789 codified equity
itself, not merely a static list of remedies.
Historical analogues are no doubt instructive and provide
important guidance, but requiring an exact historical
match for every equitable remedy defies equity's purpose.
Equity courts understood the "wisdom" in keeping injunc-
tive relief flexible, for it was "impossible to foresee all the
exigencies of society which may require their aid and assis-
tance to protect rights or redress wrongs." Ibid. Of course,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
in Lewis, Pierce, and Barnette without "address[ing] the propriety of uni-
versal relief." Ante, at 9,. See also Lewis Publishing Co. v. Morgan,
(1913); Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925);
West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943).
30 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

in assessing whether a remedy falls within federal courts'
equity jurisdiction under the Judiciary Act, this Court has
asked "[w]hether the relief... was traditionally accorded
by courts of equity." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 319.
Grupo Mexicano, however, does not dictate the level of gen-
erality for that historical inquiry, and general principles of
equity that themselves existed at the founding militate
against requiring a near exact match as the majority does.
Cf. United States v. Rahimi, (2024) ("The
law must comport with the principles underlying the Sec-
ond Amendment, but it need not be a 'dead ringer' or a 'his-
torical twin' ").
Indeed, equitable relief in the United States has evolved
in one respect to protect rights and redress wrongs that
even the majority does not question: Plaintiffs today may
obtain plaintiff-protective injunctions against Government
officials that block the enforcement of unconstitutional
laws, relief exemplified by Ex parte Young, 
(1908). That remedy, which traces back to the equity prac-
tice of mid-19th century courts, finds no analogue in the re-
lief exercised in the English Court of Chancery, which could
not enjoin the Crown or English officers. See supra, at 24,
; see also Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev., at 928, 1002 -- 1006;
see also R. Fallon, D. Meltzer, & D. Shapiro, Hart and
Wechsler's The Federal Courts and the Federal System
958 -- 959 (5th ed. 2003) (noting that, in Young, "the threat-
ened conduct of the defendant would not have been an ac-
tionable wrong at common law" and that the "principle [in
Young] has been easily absorbed in suits challenging fed-
eral official action"). Under the majority's rigid historical
test, however, even plaintiff-protective injunctions against
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

patently unlawful Government action should be impermis-
sible.7 Such a result demonstrates the folly of treating eq-
uity as a closed system, rather than one designed to adapt
to new circumstances.
The relative absence of universal injunctions against the
United States before the late 20th century, moreover, re-
flects constitutional and procedural limitations on judicial
power, not equitable ones. Brief for Legal Historians in No.
24A884 as Amici Curiae 13 -- 16. Until the enactment of the
Amendments to the Administrative Procedure Act in 1976,
sovereign immunity barred most suits against the Federal
Government. Id., at 14 -- 15, p. 339 (2016)). Officer
suits against Cabinet officials before that point, moreover,
could be brought only in Washington, D. C., due to limits on
personal jurisdiction and venue that existed at the time.
Brief for Legal Historians in No. 24A884 as Amici Curiae
15 -- 16. The later emergence of universal injunctions
against the United States followed the removal of those bar-
riers and the expansion of federal actions and laws. The
rise of universal injunctions therefore represents equity's
essential adaptation to modern governance.
It is a "common expression... that Courts of Equity de-
light to do justice, and not by halves." Story, Commentaries
on Equity Pleadings, at 74. The majority, however, de-
lights to do justice by piecemeal. Its decision to strip the
federal courts of the authority to issue universal injunctions
of even flagrantly unlawful Government action represents
a grave and unsupported diminution of the judicial power
of equity. Centuries ago, Chief Justice Marshall warned
that "[i]f the legislatures of the several states may, at will,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 The majority's expressed support for such injunctions is thus irrecon-

cilable with its view that equitable remedies must be very closely " 'anal-
ogous' to the relief ' "exercised by the High Court of Chancery in England
at the time of the adoption of the Constitution and the enactment of the
original Judiciary Act." ' " Ante, at 6.
32 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

annul the judgments of the courts of the United States, and
destroy the rights acquired under those judgments, the con-
stitution itself becomes a solemn mockery." United States
v. Peters, 5 Cranch 115, 136 (1809). The Court should have
heeded that warning today.
C
Even the majority's view of the law cannot justify issu-
ance of emergency relief to the Government in these cases,
for the majority leaves open whether these particular in-
junctions may pass muster under its ruling. Indeed, the
lower courts issued the challenged injunctions consistent
with an equitable principle that even the majority em-
braces: Courts may award an equitable remedy when it is
"necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs." Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979). As the major-
ity recounts, "[t]he equitable tradition has long embraced
the rule that courts generally 'may administer complete re-
lief between the parties.' " Ante, at 16 ; empha-
sis deleted).8
So too does the Court recognize that, in some cases, com-
plete relief will require a broad remedy that necessarily
benefits nonparties. See ante, at 17, ("There may be
other injuries for which it is all but impossible for courts to
craft relief that is both complete and benefits only the
named plaintiffs"); see also Gill v. Whitford, -- 67 (2018) ("[T]he only way to vindicate an individual
plaintiff 's right to an equally weighted vote [is] through a
wholesale 'restructuring of the geographical distribution of
seats in a state legislature' "). Hence the majority's nui-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 That explains the majority's bottom line, in which it declares that the

Government's applications are "granted, but only to the extent that the
injunctions are broader than necessary to provide complete relief to each
plaintiff with standing to sue." Ante, at 27.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sance hypothetical: If a plaintiff sues her neighbor for play-
ing loud music at night, a court can order the neighbor to
turn off the music at night, even if doing so will naturally
benefit other neighbors who are not parties to the suit. See
ante, at 16 -- 17.
The majority need not resort to hypotheticals, however,
because the very injunctions in these cases were necessary
to give respondents complete relief. Indeed, each District
Court found that a universal injunction was the only feasi-
ble option to redress fully respondents' injuries. See 763
F. Supp. 3d, at 746 (concluding that "[o]nly a nationwide in-
junction will provide complete relief to the plaintiffs" be-
cause the organizational plaintiffs have " 'over 680,000
members... who reside in all 50 U.S. states and several
U.S. territories' " and " '[h]undreds or even thousands' " of
those members " 'will give birth to children in the United
States over the coming weeks and months' " ); 765 F. Supp. 3d, at 1153 ("[A] geographically lim-
ited injunction would be ineffective, as it would not com-
pletely relieve [the plaintiff States] of the Order's financial
burden(s)"); 766 F. Supp. 3d, at 288 (explaining that "in-
junctive relief limited to the State plaintiffs [would be] in-
adequate" because it would "fai[l] in providing complete re-
lief to the State plaintiffs").
Recognizing as much, the majority retreats to the view
that, even if a court "can award complete relief," it "should
[not] do so" reflexively. Ante, at 18; see also ibid. ("Com-
plete relief is not a guarantee -- it is the maximum a court
can provide"); ante, at 2 (opinion of THOMAS, J.) (suggesting
courts "err insofar as they treat complete relief as a man-
date"). Even so, the Court never suggests that the District
Courts in these cases should not have awarded relief to the
parties that completely remedied their alleged injuries.
Nor could it. The majority recognizes that "in equity, 'the
broader and deeper the remedy the plaintiff wants, the
stronger the plaintiff 's story needs to be.' " Ante, at 18 -- 19.
34 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Here, respondents paired their respective requests for com-
plete relief with the strongest story possible: Without such
relief, an executive order that violates the Constitution, fed-
eral law, Supreme Court precedent, history, and over a cen-
tury of Executive Branch practice would infringe upon their
constitutional rights or cause them to incur significant fi-
nancial and administrative costs.
Perhaps that is why the majority leaves open the possi-
bility that the District Courts, in these cases, could have
granted at least respondent States a nationwide injunction
consistent with the notion of "complete relief." The majority
recognizes, correctly, that the Massachusetts District Court
"decided that a universal injunction was necessary to pro-
vide the States themselves with complete relief." Ante, at
18.9 And the majority does not dispute the basis for those
decisions: "Children often move across state lines or are
born outside their parents' State of residence," and "th[is]
cross-border flow" would make an injunction protecting
only children born in the party States "unworkable." Ante,
18. A narrower injunction would "require [the States] to
track and verify the immigration status of the parents of
every child, along with the birth State of every child for
whom they provide certain federally funded benefits." Ante,
at 18. Unrebutted record evidence bears this out and shows
that the Citizenship Order would irreparably harm the
States, even if it does not apply to children born within their
boundaries. The Court does not contend otherwise. That
should be the end of the matter.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 In the majority's telling, the Washington District Court "acknowl-

edged the state respondents' complete relief argument but primarily
granted a universal injunction" based on its weighing of the equities. See
ante, at 18,. Not so. That court carefully explained why "a geo-
graphically limited injunction would be ineffective, as it would not com-
pletely relieve [the States] of the Order's financial burden(s)." 765 F.
Supp. 3d 1142, 1153 -- 1154 (2025). A narrower injunction, it explained,
would be "unworkable" and would itself likely impose new "recordkeep-
ing and administrative burden[s]" on the States. Id., at 1154.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Nevertheless, the majority suggests that the District
Courts might consider, after this Court hands down its de-
cision, whether some alternative narrower injunction
would provide the States complete relief. See ibid. What
would such an injunction look like, and would it be feasible?
The Court does not say. The majority does note, but takes
no position on, two narrower injunctions the Government
claims would still give complete relief to the States: an or-
der prohibiting the Government from enforcing the Citizen-
ship Order in respondent States, including as to state resi-
dents born elsewhere; or an order directing the Government
to treat children covered by the Citizenship Order as eligi-
ble for federally funded welfare benefits when those chil-
dren reside in a respondent State. See ibid..
As an initial matter, the Government never raised those
narrower injunctions to the District Courts, meaning it for-
feited them. That is what the First Circuit expressly held,
131 F. 4th, at 43 ("declining to consider" those alternatives
because they were "raised for [the] first time... in support
of stay pending appeal of preliminary injunction"), and the
majority does not dispute the point. It is true that plaintiffs
seeking a preliminary injunction bear the burden of making
"a clear showing that [they are] entitled to such relief."
Winter v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., (2008). The States met that burden, however: They
presented what is still uncontroverted evidence that an in-
junction applicable only to children born within their bor-
ders would give them less than complete relief. Accord-
ingly, it was reasonable for the District Courts to fashion
the remedies that they did, for they were "not obligated to
undertake the task of chiseling from the government's
across-the-board [Executive Order] a different policy the
government never identified, endorsed, or defended." J. D.
v. Azar, 925 F. 3d 1291, 1336 (CADC 2019) (per curiam).
Those proffered alternatives, moreover, are unworkable
36 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

on their face. Each would require creating a two-tiered
scheme in which the Government's recognition of some chil-
dren's citizenship status or eligibility for federally funded
benefits would change based on whether a child resides in
one of respondent States at any given moment. That
scheme would have to operate, somehow, without imposing
an administrative burden on respondent States or disrupt-
ing their receipt of federal funds to which they are entitled.
"[T]he regular movement of the American people into and
out of different States... would make it difficult to sensibly
maintain such a scattershot system." Ante, at 5 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.).
Such a system would also be incompatible with federal
law. Some statutes, like those governing Medicaid and
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) bene-
fits, require States to give benefits only to applicants with
a Social Security number and to use those numbers for cer-
tain administrative purposes. See, e.g., 7 U. S. C. ;
42 U. S. C. -- 7(a)(1). States could not comply with
those laws under the Government's alternative injunctions
because children covered by the Citizenship Order in non-
party States would still be treated as noncitizens at birth.
Thus, when some of those children later move to one of re-
spondent States, they would lack Social Security numbers.
No matter how it is done, discarding the nationwide status
quo of birthright citizenship would result in chaos.
What is more, the principle of complete relief does not re-
quire courts to award only the absolute narrowest injunc-
tion possible. To conclude otherwise would eviscerate the
"discretion and judgment" that is integral to the crafting of
injunctive relief. International Refugee Assistance Project,
582 U. S., at 579. Indeed, equitable relief "[t]raditionally... has been characterized by a practical flexibility in shap-
ing its remedies and by a facility for adjusting and reconcil-
ing public and private needs." Brown v. Board of Educa-
tion, (1955) (footnote omitted). That is
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 37

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

why the court in the majority's nuisance hypothetical can
"order the defendant to turn her music down," or to turn it
"off," even though the latter is technically more burdensome
on the defendant than necessary to give the plaintiff com-
plete relief. Ante, at 16.
Accordingly, the District Courts appropriately deter-
mined that the "only one feasible option" that would give
complete relief to the States was a universal injunction.
See ibid. Clearly, the majority is asking the lower courts
themselves to explain what is patently obvious about the
Government's proposed injunctions and any others that can
be imagined.
Inexplicably, however, the Court declares that, for the as-
sociational and individual respondents, injunctions enjoin-
ing the Government from enforcing the Citizenship Order
against them (and only them) would have sufficed. See
ante, at 17 -- 18. In fashioning equitable relief, however,
courts must take into account " 'what is workable.' " North
Carolina v. Covington, (2017) (per cu-
riam). Just like the injunction that the majority blesses in
the context of its nuisance-suit hypothetical, which will be-
stow a peaceful night upon the plaintiff 's neighbors even
when the plaintiff is not herself at home, the preliminary
injunction for the associational and individual respondents
reflects what is practicable. As the Maryland District Court
found, " 'hundreds or even thousands' " of the associational
respondents' members, who reside in all 50 States, " 'will
give birth to children in the United States over the coming
weeks and months.' " 763 F. Supp. 3d, at 746. Theoreti-
cally, it might be possible for a court to fashion an injunc-
tion that runs to each of the thousands of expectant moth-
ers in that group. But see ante, at 5 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.) ("Often, it is not especially workable or
sustainable or desirable to have a patchwork scheme... in
which a major new federal statute or executive action...
applies to some people or organizations in certain States or
38 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

regions, but not to others"). Yet anything less than a na-
tionwide injunction creates a risk that the Government, in-
advertently or intentionally, will enforce the Citizenship
Order against some of the plaintiffs' children before this
Court rules definitively on the Order's lawfulness.
A narrower injunction would necessarily task "[t]hose [re-
sponsible for] determining a baby's citizenship status...
with [correctly] confirming [biological] parentage, the citi-
zenship or immigration status of both [biological] parents,
and membership in specific organizations." Opposition to
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884, p.
24. That, in turn, would "impose an enormous burden on
expecting parents, membership organizations, government
employees at all levels, and hospital staff," increasing the
risk of mistake. Ibid. The risk of noncompliance is also
particularly stark here, where the challenged action itself
reflects an utter disregard for settled precedent, and given
the Government's repeated insistence that it need not pro-
vide notice to individuals before their sudden deportations.
See, e.g., A. A. R. P. v. Trump, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(per curiam) ; Department of Homeland Secu-
rity v. D. V. D., 606 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). The majority does not identify
a narrower alternative that is both practical and mitigates
that risk.
At the very least, there is no reason to think that the Dis-
trict Court abused its discretion in deciding that only a na-
tionwide injunction could protect the plaintiffs' fundamen-
tal rights. See Ashcroft, 542 U. S., at 664 (setting forth the
standard of review). "Crafting a preliminary injunction,"
after all, "is an exercise of discretion and judgment, often
dependent as much on the equities of a given case as the
substance of the legal issues it presents." International Ref-
ugee Assistance Project, 582 U. S., at 579. Applying defer-
ential abuse-of-discretion review, the Fourth Circuit em-
phasized that the "[t]he district court... carefully
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 39

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

explained why an injunction limited to the parties -- includ-
ing organizations with hundreds of thousands of members
nationwide -- would be unworkable in practice and thus fail
to provide complete relie[f] to the plaintiffs." 2025 WL
654902, *1. The majority gives no justification for deeming
the District Court's reasoned assessment an abuse of dis-
cretion.
D
The equities and public interest weigh decisively against
the Government. For all of the reasons discussed, the Citi-
zenship Order is patently unconstitutional. To allow the
Government to enforce it against even one newborn child is
an assault on our constitutional order and antithetical to
equity and public interest. Cf. Salazar v. Buono, -- 715 (2010) (plurality opinion) (" '[A] court must
never ignore... circumstances underlying [equitable relief]
lest the decree be turned into an "instrument of wrong" ' ").
Meanwhile, newborns subject to the Citizenship Order
will face the gravest harms imaginable. If the Order does
in fact go into effect without further intervention by the Dis-
trict Courts, children will lose, at least for the time being,
"a most precious right," Kennedy v. Mendoza-Martinez, (1963), and "cherished status" that "carries
with it the privilege of full participation in the affairs of our
society," Knauer v. United States, (1946).
Affected children also risk losing the chance to participate
in American society altogether, unless their parents have
sufficient resources to file individual suits or successfully
challenge the Citizenship Order in removal proceedings.
Indeed, the Order risks the "creation of a substantial
'shadow population' " for covered children born in the
United States who remain here. Plyler, 457 U. S., at 218.
Without Social Security numbers and other documentation,
these children will be denied critical public services, like
SNAP and Medicaid, and lose the ability to engage fully in
40 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

civic life by being born in States that have not filed a law-
suit. Worse yet, the Order threatens to render American-
born children stateless, a status "deplored in the interna-
tional community" for causing "the total destruction of the
individual's status in organized society." Trop v. Dulles,
-- 102 (1958) (plurality opinion). That
threat hangs like a guillotine over this litigation.
The Order will cause chaos for the families of all affected
children too, as expecting parents scramble to understand
whether the Order will apply to them and what ramifica-
tions it will have. If allowed to take effect, the Order may
even wrench newborns from the arms of parents lawfully in
the United States, for it purports to strip citizenship from
the children of parents legally present on a temporary ba-
sis. See 90 Fed. Reg. 8449. Those newborns could face de-
portation, even as their parents remain lawfully in the
country. In light of all these consequences, there can be no
serious question over where the equities lie in these cases.
IV
The Court's decision is nothing less than an open invita-
tion for the Government to bypass the Constitution. The
Executive Branch can now enforce policies that flout settled
law and violate countless individuals' constitutional rights,
and the federal courts will be hamstrung to stop its actions
fully. Until the day that every affected person manages to
become party to a lawsuit and secures for himself injunctive
relief, the Government may act lawlessly indefinitely.
Not even a decision from this Court would necessarily
bind the Government to stop, completely and permanently,
its commission of unquestionably unconstitutional conduct.
The majority interprets the Judiciary Act, which defines
the equity jurisdiction for all federal courts, this Court in-
cluded, as prohibiting the issuance of universal injunctions
(unless necessary for complete relief ). What, besides eq-
uity, enables this Court to order the Government to cease
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 41

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

completely the enforcement of illegal policies? The majority
does not say. So even if this Court later rules that the Cit-
izenship Order is unlawful, we may nevertheless lack the
power to enjoin enforcement as to anyone not formally a
party before the Court. In a case where the Government is
acting in open defiance of the Constitution, federal law, and
this Court's holdings, it is naive to believe the Government
will treat this Court's opinions on those policies as "de facto"
universal injunctions absent an express order directing to-
tal nonenforcement. Ante, at 6 (opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.).
Indeed, at oral argument, the Government refused to
commit to obeying any court order issued by a Federal
Court of Appeals holding the Citizenship Order unlawful
(except with respect to the plaintiffs in the suit), even
within the relevant Circuit. Tr. of Oral Arg. 61 -- 63. To the
extent the Government cannot commit to compliance with
Court of Appeals decisions in those Circuits, it offers no
principled reason why it would treat the opinions of this
Court any differently nationwide. Thus, by stripping even
itself of the ability to issue universal injunctions, the Court
diminishes its role as "the ultimate decider of the interim
[and permanent] legal status of major new federal statutes
and executive actions." Ante, at 3 (opinion of KAVANAUGH,
J.).
There is a serious question, moreover, whether this Court
will ever get the chance to rule on the constitutionality of a
policy like the Citizenship Order. Contra, ante, at 6 (opin-
ion of KAVANAUGH, J.) ("[T]he losing parties in the courts of
appeals will regularly come to this Court in matters involv-
ing major new federal statutes and executive actions"). In
the ordinary course, parties who prevail in the lower courts
generally cannot seek review from this Court, likely leaving
it up to the Government's discretion whether a petition will
42 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

be filed here.10 These cases prove the point: Every court to
consider the Citizenship Order's merits has found that it is
unconstitutional in preliminary rulings. Because respond-
ents prevailed on the merits and received universal injunc-
tions, they have no reason to file an appeal. The Govern-
ment has no incentive to file a petition here either, because
the outcome of such an appeal would be preordained. The
Government recognizes as much, which is why its emer-
gency applications challenged only the scope of the prelim-
inary injunctions.
Even accepting that this Court will get the opportunity to
"ac[t] as the ultimate decider" of patently unlawful policies,
ante, at 3 (opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.), and that the Execu-
tive Branch will treat this Court's opinions as de facto uni-
versal injunctions,11 it is still necessary for the lower courts
to have the equitable authority to issue universal injunc-
tions, too. As JUSTICE KAVANAUGH notes, it can take, at a
minimum, "weeks" for an application concerning a major
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 On rare occasion, this Court has permitted a party who prevailed in

the lower courts nonetheless to obtain this Court's review of a legal ques-
tion. See, e.g., Camreta v. Greene, (2011) (allowing a
government official who prevailed on grounds of qualified immunity to
challenge an underlying adverse constitutional ruling). Those exceptions
have no relevance here, however, because there is no adverse determina-
tion for respondents to challenge.
11 The majority insists that the constitutionality of the Citizenship Or-

der will come before this Court eventually and that, when it does, the
Government will obey this Court's resulting opinion with respect to all
newborn children. Ante, at 25,. Why? The majority is sure that
the Government will honor its oral-argument promises to " 'seek cert' "
when it " 'lose[s] one of ' " its pending appeals and to "respect both the
judgments and opinions of this Court." Ibid.. The majority's certainty that the Government will keep its word is
nothing short of a leap of faith, given that the Government has adopted
a plainly unconstitutional policy in defiance of this Court's precedent and
then gamed the system to stymie this Court's consideration of the policy's
merits. In any event, the Government's promise is cold comfort to the
many children whose parents do not file a lawsuit and whose citizenship
status remains in flux pending this Court's review.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 43

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

new policy to reach this Court. Ibid. In the interim, the
Government may feel free to execute illegal policies against
nonparties and cause immeasurable harm that this Court
may never be able to remedy. Indeed, in these cases, there
is a serious risk the Government will seek to deport new-
borns whose parents have not filed suit if all the injunctions
are narrowed on remand. That unconscionable result only
underscores why it is necessary, in some cases, for lower
courts to issue universal injunctions.
Fortunately, in the rubble of its assault on equity juris-
diction, the majority leaves untouched one important tool
to provide broad relief to individuals subject to lawless Gov-
ernment conduct: Rule 23(b)(2) class actions for injunctive
relief. That mechanism may provide some relief, but it is
not a perfect substitute for a universal injunction. First, a
named plaintiff must incur the higher cost of pursuing class
relief, which will involve, at a minimum, overcoming the
hurdle of class certification. " '[D]emonstrating th[e] pre-
requisites' " of numerosity, commonality and typicality and
the adequacy of the named plaintiff to represent the class
" 'is difficult and time consuming and has been getting
harder as a result of recent court decisions and federal leg-
islation.' " Chicago v. Barr, 961 F. 3d 882, 917 (CA7 2020)
; alterations in original).
" 'Courts have heightened the evidentiary standard for class
certification' " as well, " 'requiring hearings and sometimes
significant amounts of evidence on the merits of the class
before certifying the class.' " 961 F. 3d, at 917. In recent
years, moreover, " 'courts have started to deny class certifi-
cation if they think there has been a flaw in class defini-
tion,' " sometimes " 'without first allowing the plaintiffs to
amend that definition in response to the court's concerns.' "
Ibid. What is more, " 'defendants can seek interlocutory re-
view of a court's decision to certify a class, adding further
delay and expense to the certification process.' " Ibid.
44 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Hence why some " 'describ[e] the class certification process
as a "drawn-out procedural bog," which comes with signifi-
cant expense and delay for the would be class member.' "
Ibid. Indeed, at oral argument, the Government refused to
concede that a class could be certified to challenge the Citi-
zenship Order and promised to invoke Rule 23's barriers to
stop it. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 31 -- 32.
Nevertheless, the parents of children covered by the Cit-
izenship Order would be well advised to file promptly class-
action suits and to request temporary injunctive relief for
the putative class pending class certification. See
A. A. R. P., 605 U. S., at ___ ; Califano, 442
U. S., at 701 -- 703; see also ante, at 1 -- 2 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.) (recognizing that lower courts, in some cir-
cumstances, can "award preliminary classwide relief that
may... be statewide, regionwide, or even nationwide").
For suits challenging policies as blatantly unlawful and
harmful as the Citizenship Order, moreover, lower courts
would be wise to act swiftly on such requests for relief and
to adjudicate the cases as quickly as they can so as to enable
this Court's prompt review.
* * *
The rule of law is not a given in this Nation, nor any
other. It is a precept of our democracy that will endure only
if those brave enough in every branch fight for its survival.
Today, the Court abdicates its vital role in that effort. With
the stroke of a pen, the President has made a "solemn mock-
ery" of our Constitution. Peters, 5 Cranch, at 136. Rather
than stand firm, the Court gives way. Because such com-
plicity should know no place in our system of law, I dissent.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting.
I agree with every word of JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's dissent.
I write separately to emphasize a key conceptual point: The
Court's decision to permit the Executive to violate the Con-
stitution with respect to anyone who has not yet sued is an
existential threat to the rule of law.
It is important to recognize that the Executive's bid to
vanquish so-called "universal injunctions" is, at bottom, a
request for this Court's permission to engage in unlawful
behavior. When the Government says "do not allow the
lower courts to enjoin executive action universally as a rem-
edy for unconstitutional conduct," what it is actually saying
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

is that the Executive wants to continue doing something
that a court has determined violates the Constitution -- 
please allow this. That is some solicitation. With its ruling
today, the majority largely grants the Government's wish.
But, in my view, if this country is going to persist as a Na-
tion of laws and not men, the Judiciary has no choice but to
deny it.
Stated simply, what it means to have a system of govern-
ment that is bounded by law is that everyone is constrained
by the law, no exceptions. And for that to actually happen,
courts must have the power to order everyone (including the
Executive) to follow the law -- full stop. To conclude other-
wise is to endorse the creation of a zone of lawlessness
within which the Executive has the prerogative to take or
leave the law as it wishes, and where individuals who would
otherwise be entitled to the law's protection become subject
to the Executive's whims instead.
The majority cannot deny that our Constitution was de-
signed to split the powers of a monarch between the govern-
ing branches to protect the People. Nor is it debatable that
the role of the Judiciary in our constitutional scheme is to
ensure fidelity to law. But these core values are strangely
absent from today's decision. Focusing on inapt compari-
sons to impotent English tribunals, the majority ignores the
Judiciary's foundational duty to uphold the Constitution
and laws of the United States. The majority's ruling thus
not only diverges from first principles, it is also profoundly
dangerous, since it gives the Executive the go-ahead to
sometimes wield the kind of unchecked, arbitrary power the
Founders crafted our Constitution to eradicate. The very
institution our founding charter charges with the duty to
ensure universal adherence to the law now requires judges
to shrug and turn their backs to intermittent lawlessness.
With deep disillusionment, I dissent.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I
To hear the majority tell it, this suit raises a mind-numb-
ingly technical query: Are universal injunctions "suffi-
ciently 'analogous' to the relief issued 'by the High Court of
Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution and the enactment of the original Judiciary Act' "
to fall within the equitable authority Congress granted fed-
eral courts in the Judiciary Act of 1789? Ante, at 6. But
that legalese is a smokescreen. It obscures a far more basic
question of enormous legal and practical significance: May
a federal court in the United States of America order the
Executive to follow the law?
A
To ask this question is to answer it. In a constitutional
Republic such as ours, a federal court has the power to or-
der the Executive to follow the law -- and it must. It is axi-
omatic that the Constitution of the United States and the
statutes that the People's representatives have enacted
govern in our system of government. Thus, everyone, from
the President on down, is bound by law. By duty and na-
ture, federal courts say what the law is (if there is a genuine
dispute), and require those who are subject to the law to
conform their behavior to what the law requires. This is
the essence of the rule of law.
Do not take my word for it. Venerated figures in our Na-
tion's history have repeatedly emphasized that "[t]he es-
sence of our free Government is 'leave to live by no man's
leave, underneath the law' -- to be governed by those imper-
sonal forces which we call law." Youngstown Sheet & Tube
Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (R. Jackson, J., con-
curring). "Our Government is fashioned to fulfill this con-
cept so far as humanly possible." Id., at 654 -- 655. Put dif-
ferently, the United States of America has " ' "a government
of laws and not of men." ' " Cooper v. Aaron, 
(1958) (Frankfurter, J., concurring) (Frankfurter, J.,
concurring in judgment)); see also, e.g., Mass. Const., pt. 1,
Art. XXX (1780), in 3 Federal and State Constitutions 1893
(F. Thorpe ed. 1909) (J. Adams); Marbury v. Madison, 1
Cranch 137, 163 (1803) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court);
United States v. Dickson, 15 Pet. 141, 162 (1841) (Story, J.,
for the Court).
That familiar adage is more than just mere " 'rhetorical
flourish.' " Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23. It is " 'the rejection in
positive terms of rule by fiat, whether by the fiat of govern-
mental or private power.' " Ibid. Indeed, "constitutionalism
has one essential quality: it is a legal limitation on govern-
ment; it is the antithesis of arbitrary rule; its opposite is
despotic government, the government of will instead of
law." C. McIlwain, Constitutionalism: Ancient and Modern
21 -- 22 (rev. ed. 1947); see also id., at 21 ("All constitutional
government is by definition limited government").
Those who birthed our Nation limited the power of gov-
ernment to preserve freedom. As they knew all too well,
"constant experience shows us that every man invested
with power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as
far as it will go." Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, in 38
Great Books of the Western World 69 (T. Nugent transl., R.
Hutchins ed. 1952). But the Founders reasoned that the
vice of human ambition could be channeled to prevent the
country from devolving into despotism -- ambition could be
"made to counteract ambition." The Federalist No. 51, p.
322 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (J. Madison). If there were, say,
a Constitution that divided power across institutions "in
such a manner as that each may be a check on the other,"
then it could be possible to establish Government by and for
the People and thus stave off autocracy. Ibid.; see also My-
ers v. United States, (1926) (Brandeis, J.,
dissenting) ("The doctrine of the separation of powers was
adopted by the Convention of 1787, not to promote effi-
ciency but to preclude the exercise of arbitrary power").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Through such separated institutions, power checks power.
See Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, at 69. Our system of
institutional checks thus exists for a reason: so that "the
private interest of every individual may be a sentinel over
the public rights." The Federalist No. 51, at 322.
B
The distribution of power between the Judiciary and the
Executive is of particular importance to the operation of a
society governed by law. Made up of " 'free, impartial, and
independent' " judges and justices, the Judiciary checks the
political branches of Government by explaining what the
law is and "securing obedience" with it. Mine Workers, 330
U. S., at 308, 312 (opinion of Frankfurter, J.); see Marbury,
1 Cranch, at 177. The federal courts were thus established
"not only to decide upon the controverted rights of the citi-
zens as against each other, but also upon rights in contro-
versy between them and the government." United States v.
Lee, (1882).
Quite unlike a rule-of-kings governing system, in a rule-
of-law regime, nearly "[e]very act of government may be
challenged by an appeal to law." Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23
(opinion of Frankfurter, J.). In this country, the Executive
does not stand above or outside of the law. Consequently,
when courts are called upon to adjudicate the lawfulness of
the actions of the other branches of Government, the Judi-
ciary plays "an essential part of the democratic process."
Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 312. Were it otherwise -- were
courts unable or unwilling to command the Government to
follow the law -- they would "sanctio[n] a tyranny" that has
no place in a country committed to "well-regulated liberty
and the protection of personal rights." Lee, 106 U. S., at
221. It is law -- and " 'Law alone' " -- that " 'saves a society
from being rent by internecine strife or ruled by mere brute
power however disguised.' " Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23 (quot-
ing Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 308).
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The power to compel the Executive to follow the law is
particularly vital where the relevant law is the Constitu-
tion. When the Executive transgresses an Act of Congress,
there are mechanisms through which Congress can assert
its check against the Executive unilaterally -- such as, for
example, asserting the power of the purse. See K. Stith,
Congress' Power of the Purse, 97 Yale L. J. 1343, 1360
(1988) (describing Congress's ability to "regulat[e] execu-
tive branch activities by limitations on appropriations").
But when the Executive violates the Constitution, the only
recourse is the courts. Eliminate that check, and our gov-
ernment ceases to be one of "limited powers." Gregory v.
Ashcroft, (1991). After all, a limit that
"do[es] not confine the perso[n] on whom [it is] imposed" is
no limit at all. Marbury, 1 Cranch, at 176.1
II
With that background, we can now turn to this suit and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 These foundational separation-of-powers principles are, of course, the

doctrinal underpinnings of the observations I make in Parts II and III,
infra. If my point is "difficult to pin down," ante, at 22, that could be due
to the majority's myopic initial framing -- it casts today's emergency ap-
plications as being solely about the scope of judicial authority, while ig-
noring (or forgetting) the concomitant expansion of executive power that
results when the equitable remedial power of judges is needlessly re-
stricted. Or perhaps the culprit is the majority's threshold decision to
rest its holding solely on the Judiciary Act, ante, at 5, thereby facil-
itating its convenient sidestepping of the startling constitutional impli-
cations that follow from blanket limitations on the Judiciary's response
to the Executive's lawlessness. Whatever the source of the majority's
confusion, there is no question that its statutory holding restricting the
traditional equitable power of federal courts to craft a suitable remedy
for established (or likely) constitutional violations has significant rami-
fications for the separation of powers and for constitutional rights more
broadly. JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR thoroughly explains why restricting judges
in this manner is legally and historically unfounded. My goal is to high-
light the myriad ways in which the majority's newly minted no-univer-
sal-injunctions limitation also subverts core constitutional norms and is
fundamentally incompatible with the rule of law.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

focus on the ways in which the majority's ruling under-
mines our constitutional system. JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR has
laid out the relevant facts, see ante, at 9 -- 13 (dissenting
opinion), and I will not repeat what she has said. It suffices
for my purposes to reiterate that, before these applications
arrived here, three District Courts had concluded that Ex-
ecutive Order No. 14160 -- which attempts to alter the Con-
stitution's express conferral of citizenship on all who are
born in this Nation, Amdt. 14, -- likely violates the Con-
stitution. Those courts each thus enjoined the Executive
from enforcing that order anywhere, against anyone. See
763 F. Supp. 3d 723 (Md. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 
1153 (CA4); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142 (WD Wash. 2025), appeal
pending, No. 25 -- 807 (CA9); Doe v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d
266 (Mass. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1170 (CA1).
Three Courts of Appeals then declined to upset these in-
junctions during the pendency of the Government's appeals.
See 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025); 2025 WL 553485
(CA9, Feb. 19, 2025); 131 F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025).
The majority now does what none of the lower courts that
have considered Executive Order No. 14160 would do: It al-
lows the Executive's constitutionally dubious mandate to go
into effect with respect to anyone who is not already a plain-
tiff in one of the existing legal actions. Notably, the Court
has not determined that any of the lower courts were wrong
about their conclusion that the executive order likely vio-
lates the Constitution -- the Executive has not asked us to
rule on the lawfulness of Executive Order No. 14160. But
the majority allows the Executive to implement this order
(which lower courts have so far uniformly declared likely
unconstitutional) nonetheless.
Given the critical role of the Judiciary in maintaining the
rule of law, see Part I, supra, it is odd, to say the least, that
the Court would grant the Executive's wish to be freed from
the constraints of law by prohibiting district courts from or-
dering complete compliance with the Constitution. But the
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

majority goes there. It holds that, even assuming that Ex-
ecutive Order No. 14160 violates the Constitution, federal
courts lack the power to prevent the Executive from contin-
uing to implement that unconstitutional directive.
As I understand the concern, in this clash over the respec-
tive powers of two coordinate branches of Government, the
majority sees a power grab -- but not by a presumably law-
less Executive choosing to act in a manner that flouts the
plain text of the Constitution. Instead, to the majority, the
power-hungry actors are... (wait for it)... the district
courts. See ante, at 1 (admonishing district courts for dar-
ing to "asser[t] the power" to order the Executive to follow
the law universally). In the majority's view, federal courts
only have the power to "afford the plaintiff complete relief "
in the cases brought before them; they can do nothing more.
Ante, at 16. And the majority thinks a so-called universal
injunction -- that is, a court order requiring the Executive to
follow the law across the board and not just with respect to
the plaintiff -- "grant[s] relief to nonparties." See ante, at 6 -- 
8. Therefore, the majority reasons, issuing such orders ex-
ceeds district courts' authority. See ante, at 21.
So many questions arise.2 The majority's analysis is fully
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Although I will not spend much space discussing it here, the major-

ity's primary premise -- that universal injunctions "grant relief to non-
parties" -- is suspect. When a court issues an injunction (universal or
otherwise), it does so via an order that governs the relationship between
the plaintiff and the defendant. Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 65(d). That order
provides the plaintiff with relief: If the plaintiff believes that the defend-
ant has violated the court's order, she may come back to court, injunction
in hand, and demand enforcement or compensation through the mecha-
nism of civil contempt. See Longshoremen v. Philadelphia Marine Trade
Assn., (1967) (recognizing that an "injunction" is "an eq-
uitable decree compelling obedience under the threat of contempt"). As
the majority recognizes, nonparties may benefit from an injunction a
court issues in a plaintiff 's case. See ante, at 16. But that does not mean
those incidental beneficiaries have received relief -- "the injunction's pro-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

interrogated, and countered, in JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's dis-
sent. My objective is to expose the core conceptual fallacy
underlying the majority's reasoning, which, to me, also
tends to demonstrate why, and how, today's ruling threat-
ens the rule of law.
The pillar upon which today's ruling rests is the major-
ity's contention that the remedial power of the federal
courts is limited to granting "complete relief " to the parties.
Ante, at 15 -- 16. And the majority's sole basis for that prop-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
tection" (i.e., the ability to seek contempt) "extends only to the suing
plaintiff." Ante, at 17.
An injunction prohibiting the Executive from acting unlawfully oper-
ates precisely the same way. Such an injunction may benefit nonparties
as a practical matter -- but only the named plaintiffs have the right to
return to the issuing court and seek contempt, if the Executive fails to
comply. See Gompers v. Bucks Stove & Range Co., -- 
445 (1911) ("Proceedings for civil contempt are between the original par-
ties"); Buckeye Coal & R. Co. v. Hocking Valley R. Co., -- 
49 (1925) (holding that a nonparty injured by the defendant's noncompli-
ance with an injunction could not enforce the injunction); cf. Blue Chip
Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores, (1975) ("[A] consent
decree is not enforceable directly or in collateral proceedings by those
who are not parties to it even though they were intended to be benefited
by it"). So, the majority's concern that universal injunctions inappropri-
ately grant "relief " to nonparties is incorrect. Nonparties may benefit
from an injunction, but only the plaintiff gets relief.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 71 is not to the contrary. Contra, ante,
at 15,. At most, that rule and the cases the majority cites suggest
that, in certain narrow circumstances, a nonparty for whose benefit an
injunction was issued may be able to go to the issuing court and seek
contempt. But "the precise contours of Rule 71... remain unclear,"
Beckett v. Air Line Pilots Assn., 995 F. 2d 280, 287 -- 288 (CADC 1993),
and courts have largely recognized that, to the extent nonparty enforce-
ment of an injunction is available, the nonparty must stand in a close
relationship to the plaintiff or have been specifically named in the in-
junction. See United States v. American Soc. of Composers, Authors, and
Publishers, 341 F. 2d 1003, 1008 (CA2 1965) (nonparty could not enforce
injunction where it was "not... named in the judgment" even though it
was "indirectly or economically benefited by the decree").
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

osition is the practice of the High Court of Chancery in Eng-
land. Ante, at 6 -- 7. But this cramped characterization of
the Judiciary's function is highly questionable when it
comes to suits against the Executive. That is, even if the
majority is correct that courts in England at the time of the
founding were so limited -- and I have my doubts, see ante,
at 18 -- 20 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting) -- why would courts in
our constitutional system be limited in the same way?
The Founders of the United States of America squarely
rejected a governing system in which the King ruled all, and
all others, including the courts, were his subordinates. In
our Constitution-centered system, the People are the rulers
and we have the rule of law. So, it makes little sense to look
to the relationship between English courts and the King for
guidance on the power of our Nation's Judiciary vis-à-vis its
Executive. See The Federalist No. 69, at 416 (A. Hamilton)
(explaining how the President differs from the King, includ-
ing because "[t]he person of the King of Great Britain is sa-
cred and inviolable; there is no constitutional tribunal to
which he is amenable"). Indeed, it is precisely because the
law constrains the Government in our system that the Ju-
diciary's assignment is so broad, per the Constitution. Fed-
eral courts entertain suits against the Government claim-
ing constitutional violations. Thus, the function of the
courts -- both in theory and in practice -- necessarily in-
cludes announcing what the law requires in such suits for
the benefit of all who are protected by the Constitution, not
merely doling out relief to injured private parties.
Put differently, the majority views the Judiciary's power
through an aperture that is much too small, leading it to
think that the only function of our courts is to provide "com-
plete relief " to private parties. Sure, federal courts do that,
and they do it well. But they also diligently maintain the
rule of law itself. When it comes to upholding the law, fed-
eral courts ensure that all comers -- i.e., everyone to whom
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

the law applies and over whom the court has personal ju-
risdiction (including and perhaps especially the Execu-
tive) -- know what the law is and, most important, follow it.3
III
Still, upon reading the Court's opinion, the majority's
foundational mistake in mischaracterizing the true scope
and nature of a federal court's power might seem only mar-
ginally impactful. Indeed, one might wonder: Why all the
fuss? After all, the majority recognizes that district courts
can still issue universal injunctions in some circumstances.
See ante, at 16 -- 18. It even acknowledges that the lower
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 No one is saying that the reasoning of a district court's opinion, on its

own, "has the legal force of a judgment," ante, at 22; of course it does not.
The real issue today's applications raise is whether district-court opin-
ions are entitled to respect while litigation over the lawfulness of the de-
fendant's conduct is ongoing. As I have explained, the majority's key
move is to start by assuming that the remedial power of federal courts is
quite narrow (i.e., it is only appropriately exercised to grant "complete
relief " to the parties). Ante, at 5 -- 11, 16. The majority forgets (or ignores)
that federal courts also make pronouncements of law and issue orders
compelling compliance if violations are identified. Then, having zeroed
in on solely the courts' plaintiff-specific-remedies function, the majority
unsurprisingly insists that a district court cannot respond to the Execu-
tive's decision to violate the law universally by issuing an order compel-
ling universal cessation of the Executive's unlawful behavior. This kind
of broad injunction is merely one tool in a judge's kit of remedial op-
tions -- one that is directly responsive to the court's duty to uphold the
law and the Executive's decision to consciously violate it -- and it is no
more or less binding than any of the district court's other determinations.
So, rather than disdainfully securing permission to disregard the district
court's opinion and continue engaging in unlawful conduct vis-à-vis any-
one who is not the plaintiff, an enjoined Executive that believes the dis-
trict court was wrong to conclude that its behavior is unlawful has a rule-
of-law-affirming response at the ready: It can seek expedited review of
the merits on appeal. District courts themselves also have the flexibility
to stay their injunctions pending appeal, if that is requested and the cir-
cumstances demand it. But rather than permit lower courts to adapt
their remedies to the particulars of a given case, the majority today ties
judges' hands, requiring them to acquiesce to executive lawlessness in
every situation.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

courts may reimpose the same universal injunctions at is-
sue in these cases, if the courts find on remand that doing
so is necessary to provide complete relief to the named
plaintiffs. See ante, at 19. From the standpoint of out-
comes, that's all welcome news. But, as I explain below,
from the perspective of constitutional theory and actual
practice, disaster looms.
What I mean by this is that our rights-based legal system
can only function properly if the Executive, and everyone
else, is always bound by law. Today's decision is a seismic
shock to that foundational norm. Allowing the Executive to
violate the law at its prerogative with respect to anyone
who has not yet sued carves out a huge exception -- a gash
in the basic tenets of our founding charter that could turn
out to be a mortal wound. What is more, to me, requiring
courts themselves to provide the dagger (by giving their im-
primatur to the Executive Branch's intermittent lawless-
ness) makes a mockery of the Judiciary's solemn duty to
safeguard the rule of law.
A
Do remember: The Executive has not asked this Court to
determine whether Executive Order No. 14160 complies
with the Constitution. Rather, it has come to us seeking
the right to continue enforcing that order regardless -- i.e.,
even though six courts have now said the order is likely un-
constitutional. What the Executive wants, in effect, is for
this Court to bless and facilitate its desire to operate in two
different zones moving forward: one in which it is required
to follow the law (because a particular plaintiff has secured
a personal injunction prohibiting its unlawful conduct), and
another in which it can choose to violate the law with re-
spect to certain people (those who have yet to sue).
In the first zone, law reigns. For the named plaintiffs in
the suits before us, for example, the lower courts' determi-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

nation that Executive Order No. 14160 is likely unconstitu-
tional and cannot be implemented has teeth. Per the courts'
orders, the Executive is prohibited from denying citizenship
to the offspring of the named plaintiffs. See ante, at 26
(leaving the injunctions in place to the extent "necessary to
provide complete relief to each plaintiff with standing to
sue"). Within this zone, the courts' rule of decision -- that
Executive Order No. 14160 is likely unconstitutional -- ap-
plies.
But with its ruling today, the majority endorses the crea-
tion of a second zone -- one in which that rule of decision has
no effect. In this zone, which is populated by those who lack
the wherewithal or ability to go to court, all bets are off.
There is no court-issued mandate requiring the Executive
to honor birthright citizenship in compliance with the Con-
stitution, so the people within this zone are left to the pre-
rogatives of the Executive as to whether their constitutional
rights will be respected. It does not matter what six federal
courts have said about Executive Order No. 14160; those
courts are powerless to make the Executive stop enforcing
that order altogether. In effect, then, that powerlessness
creates a void that renders the Constitution's constraints
irrelevant to the Executive's actions. Of course, the Execu-
tive might choose to follow the law in this zone as well -- but
that is left to its discretion. And the Solicitor General has
now confirmed that, in the absence of a personal injunction
secured by a particular plaintiff, this Executive's view is
that compliance with lower court rulings on matters of con-
stitutional significance is optional.4
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Solicitor General said that quiet part out loud by baldly asserting

that the Executive reserves the right to defy Circuit precedent. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 33 -- 34, 60 -- 61. Although he further suggested that the admin-
istration would abide by precedent from this Court in future similar
cases, id., at 35, 63, even that seems to be a matter of prerogative, as
there is no inherent limit to the limited-scope-of-authority logic that un-
derlies today's holding, see ante, at 41 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). The
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I am not the first to observe that a legal system that op-
erates on two different tracks (one of which grants to the
Executive the prerogative to disregard the law) is anath-
ema to the rule of law.5 Thus, the law-free zone that results
from this Court's near elimination of universal injunctions
is not an unfamiliar archetype. Also eerily echoing history's
horrors is the fact that today's prerogative zone is unlikely
to impact the public in a randomly distributed manner.
Those in the good graces of the Executive have nothing to
fear; the new prerogative that the Executive has to act un-
lawfully will not be exercised with respect to them. Those
who accede to the Executive's demands, too, will be in the
clear. The wealthy and the well connected will have little
difficulty securing legal representation, going to court, and
obtaining injunctive relief in their own name if the Execu-
tive violates their rights.
Consequently, the zone of lawlessness the majority has
now authorized will disproportionately impact the poor, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Executive's less-than-sterling record of compliance with Supreme Court
rulings to date casts further doubt on this compliance claim; as JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR has explained, the Executive Order at issue here seems to
squarely violate at least one -- and perhaps five -- of our bedrock prece-
dents. See ante, at 7 -- 9 (dissenting opinion).
5 See E. Fraenkel, The Dual State, pp. xiii, 3, 71 (1941) (describing the

way in which the creation of a "Prerogative State" where the Executive
"exercises unlimited arbitrariness... unchecked by any legal guaran-
tees" is incompatible with the rule of law); see also J. Locke, Second Trea-
tise of Civil Government 13 (J. Gough ed. 1948) ("[F]reedom of men under
government is to have a standing rule to live by, common to every one of
that society... and not to be subject to the... arbitrary will of another
man"); The Federalist No. 26, p. 169 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (A. Hamilton)
(contrasting the monarch's "prerogative" with the emergence of "lib-
erty"); Myers v. United States, (1926) (Brandeis, J., dis-
senting) ("[P]rotection of the individual... from the arbitrary or capri-
cious exercise of power [is] an essential of free government"); Youngstown
Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (R. Jackson, J.,
concurring) (observing that our Constitution -- which embodies the rule
of law -- does not grant to the Executive the "prerogative exercised by
George III").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

uneducated, and the unpopular -- i.e., those who may not
have the wherewithal to lawyer up, and will all too often
find themselves beholden to the Executive's whims. This is
yet another crack in the foundation of the rule of law, which
requires "equality and justice in its application." Papa-
christou v. Jacksonville, (1972). In the
end, though, everyone will be affected, because it is law's
evenhanded application -- "to minorities as well as majori-
ties, to the poor as well as the rich" -- that "holds society to-
gether." Ibid.
The majority "skips over" these consequences. Ante, at
23. No one denies that the power of federal courts is lim-
ited -- both by the Constitution and by Congress. But the
majority seems to forget (or ignores) that the Constitution
and Congress also limit the power of the Executive. In ad-
dition, it is indisputable that the Executive's power to lev-
erage physical force in a manner that directly threatens to
deprive people of life, liberty, or property creates uniquely
harmful risks when unconstrained by law. But the majority
today roots its holding in a purported statutory limitation,
not a constitutional one. Ante, at 5,. And, as I have
explained, our Constitution gives federal courts the author-
ity to order the Executive to stop acting unlawfully. See
Part I, supra. To the extent Congress has attempted to
strip federal courts of that power via the Judiciary Act (and,
to be clear, I do not think it has, for the reasons JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR discusses, see ante, at 23 -- 31), it is powerless
to do so.
The bottom line is this: If courts do not have the authority
to require the Executive to adhere to law universally, a
dual-track system develops in which courts are ousted as
guardians in some situations and compliance with law
sometimes becomes a matter of executive prerogative. But
"[t]here can be no free society without law administered
through an independent judiciary." Mine Workers, 330
U. S., at 312 (opinion of Frankfurter, J.). "If one man" -- 
16 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

even a very important man, and even a democratically
elected man -- "can be allowed to determine for himself what
is law, every man can. That means first chaos, then tyr-
anny." Ibid.
B
This leads me to another potentially destructive aspect of
today's decision -- the Court's dismissive treatment of the
solemn duties and responsibilities of the lower courts.
Sworn judicial officers must now put on blinders and take
a see-no-evil stance with respect to harmful executive con-
duct, even though those same officials have already an-
nounced that such conduct is likely unconstitutional. Yes,
certain named plaintiffs have brought particular lawsuits
seeking protection of their legal rights. But their claim is
that Executive Order No. 14160 violates the Constitution.
If the court agrees with them, why on Earth must it permit
that unconstitutional government action to take effect at
all?
I have already explained why the majority's answer -- be-
cause the court is powerless to do anything but give "com-
plete relief " to those parties -- is wrong in terms of the ac-
tual scope of federal courts' authority. See Part I, supra. I
now observe that this response also erroneously suggests
that a court does something wrongful when it imposes a
universal injunction in a single plaintiff 's lawsuit -- akin to
giving a windfall to those who do not deserve the law's pro-
tection because they have not sued. Ante, at 8 -- 9, 12 -- 15.
This way of conceptualizing universal injunctions mistakes
that remedy for the unearned spoils of particular adversar-
ial engagements, rather than a necessary tool employed to
defend the Constitution by reinforcing pre-existing rights.
Here is what I mean. Our Constitution indisputably con-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

fers individual rights that operate as unequivocal protec-
tions against government action.6 Thus, a constrained Ex-
ecutive -- i.e., one who is bound by the Constitution not to
violate people's rights -- is a public benefit, guaranteed to all
from the start, without regard to the nature or existence of
any particular enforcement action.7 Properly understood,
then, when the Executive violates those pre-existing rights
in a nonparticularized manner, a universal injunction
merely restores what the People were always owed; that
remedy does not improperly distribute an unearned benefit
to those who did not have the temerity to secure it for them-
selves by filing a lawsuit.
Or consider it the other way: When a court is prevented
from enjoining the Executive universally after the Execu-
tive establishes a universal practice of stripping people's
constitutional rights, anyone who is entitled to the Consti-
tution's protection but will instead be subjected to the Ex-
ecutive's whims is improperly divested of their inheritance.
The Constitution is flipped on its head, for its promises are
essentially nullified.8 So, rather than having a governing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 See, e.g., Amdt. 1 (prohibiting the government from preventing the

"free exercise" of religion or "abridging the freedom of speech"); Amdt. 2
(prohibiting the government from infringing on the right "to keep and
bear Arms"); Amdt. 4 (prohibiting the government from conducting "un-
reasonable searches and seizures"); Amdt. 5 (prohibiting the government
from depriving persons of "life, liberty, or property, without due process
of law").
7 In this way of framing the issue, nonparties are more than mere "in-

cidental" beneficiaries of universal injunctions that require the Execu-
tive to respect constitutional rights. See, supra. Rather, the very
concept of constitutional rights makes the People intended beneficiaries
of the constraints that the Constitution imposes on executive action.
8 Again, the law binds the Executive from the outset in our constitu-

tional scheme, for the benefit of all. See Part I, supra. Thus, a lawsuit
is merely the vehicle that invokes the Judiciary's power to check the Ex-
ecutive by enforcing the law. The topsy-turvy scheme the majority cre-
ates today gets those well-established norms exactly backward: The law
disappears as an initial constraint on the Executive, and apparently only
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

system characterized by protected rights, the default be-
comes an Executive that can do whatever it wants to whom-
ever it wants, unless and until each affected individual af-
firmatively invokes the law's protection.
A concrete example helps to illustrate why this turnabout
undermines the rule of law. Imagine an Executive who is-
sues a blanket order that is blatantly unconstitutional -- de-
manding, say, that any and all of its political foes be sum-
marily and indefinitely incarcerated in a prison outside the
jurisdiction of the United States, without any hearing or
chance to be heard in court. Shortly after learning of this
edict, one such political rival rushes into court with his law-
yer, claims the Executive's order violates the Constitution,
and secures an injunction that prohibits the Executive from
enforcing that unconstitutional mandate. The upshot of to-
day's decision is that, despite that rival's success in per-
suading a judge of the unconstitutional nature of the Exec-
utive's proclamation, the court's ruling and injunction can
only require the Executive to shelve any no-process incar-
ceration plan that targets that particular individual (the
named plaintiff ); the Executive can keep right on rounding
up its other foes, despite the court's clear and unequivocal
pronouncement that the executive order is unlawful.
The majority today says that, unless and until the other
political rivals seek and secure their own personal injunc-
tions, the Executive can carry on acting unconstitutionally
with respect to each of them, as if the Constitution's due
process requirement does not exist. For those who get to
court in time, their right not to be indefinitely imprisoned
without due process will be protected. But if they are una-
ble to sue or get to the courthouse too late, the majority
says, oh well, there is nothing to be done, despite the fact

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
exists if a particular plaintiff files a particular lawsuit in a particular
court, claiming his (particular) entitlement.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

JACKSON, J., dissenting

that their detention without due process is plainly prohib-
ited by law.
A Martian arriving here from another planet would see
these circumstances and surely wonder: "what good is the
Constitution, then?" What, really, is this system for protect-
ing people's rights if it amounts to this -- placing the onus
on the victims to invoke the law's protection, and rendering
the very institution that has the singular function of ensur-
ing compliance with the Constitution powerless to prevent
the Government from violating it? "Those things Ameri-
cans call constitutional rights seem hardly worth the paper
they are written on!"
These observations are indictments, especially for a Na-
tion that prides itself on being fair and free. But, after to-
day, that is where we are. What the majority has done is
allow the Executive to nullify the statutory and constitu-
tional rights of the uncounseled, the underresourced, and
the unwary, by prohibiting the lower courts from ordering
the Executive to follow the law across the board. Moreover,
officers who have sworn an oath to uphold the law are now
required to allow the Executive to blatantly violate it. Fed-
eral judges pledge to support and defend the Constitution
of the United States against all enemies, foreign or domes-
tic. 5 U. S. C.. They do not agree to permit unconsti-
tutional behavior by the Executive (or anyone else). But the
majority forgets (or ignores) this duty, eagerly imposing a
limit on the power of courts that, in essence, prevents
judges from doing what their oaths require.9
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The majority highlights a number of policy concerns that some say

warrant restriction of the universal-injunction remedy. Ante, at 20 -- 21.
In my view, those downsides pale in comparison to the consequences of
forcing federal courts to acquiesce to executive lawlessness. Moreover,
and in any event, the various practical problems critics have identified
are largely overblown. For example, while many accuse universal in-
junctions of preventing percolation, the facts of this very suit demon-
strate otherwise: Three different District Courts each considered the
merits of Executive Order No. 14160, and appeals are now pending in
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I view the demise of the notion that a federal judge can
order the Executive to adhere to the Constitution -- full
stop -- as a sad day for America. The majority's unpersua-
sive effort to justify this result makes it sadder still. It is
the responsibility of each and every jurist to hold the line.
But the Court now requires judges to look the other way
after finding that the Executive is violating the law, shame-
fully permitting unlawful conduct to continue unabated.
Today's ruling thus surreptitiously stymies the Judici-
ary's core duty to protect and defend constitutional rights.
It does this indirectly, by preventing lower courts from tell-
ing the Executive that it has to stop engaging in conduct
that violates the Constitution. Instead, now, a court's
power to prevent constitutional violations comes with an
asterisk -- a court can make the Executive cease its uncon-
stitutional conduct *but only with respect to the particular
plaintiffs named in the lawsuit before them, leaving the Ex-
ecutive free to violate the constitutional rights of anyone
and everyone else.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
three Courts of Appeals. See supra, at 7. Other prudential concerns are
better addressed in more targeted ways, such as by changing venue rules
to prevent forum or judge shopping, or by encouraging lower courts to
expedite their review, thereby teeing the merits up for this Court as
quickly as possible.
That is not to say that universal injunctions can or should be issued in
every case; a court must always fit its remedy to the particular case be-
fore it, and those particulars may caution against issuing universal relief
in certain instances. See ante, at 22 -- 23 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). But
the Court today for the first time ever adopts a blanket authority-dimin-
ishing rule: It declares that courts do not have the power to exercise their
equitable discretion to order the Executive to completely cease acting
pursuant to an unlawful directive (unless doing so is necessary to provide
complete relief to a given plaintiff ). And, again, this very suit illustrates
why that bright line rule goes much too far. As JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR em-
phasizes, multiple courts have recognized that Executive Order No.
14160 is "patently unconstitutional under settled law," and those courts
thus issued the relief necessary to "protect newborns from the excep-
tional, irreparable harm associated with losing a foundational constitu-
tional right and its immediate benefits." Ibid.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

JACKSON, J., dissenting

* * *
Make no mistake: Today's ruling allows the Executive to
deny people rights that the Founders plainly wrote into our
Constitution, so long as those individuals have not found a
lawyer or asked a court in a particular manner to have their
rights protected. This perverse burden shifting cannot co-
exist with the rule of law. In essence, the Court has now
shoved lower court judges out of the way in cases where ex-
ecutive action is challenged, and has gifted the Executive
with the prerogative of sometimes disregarding the law. As
a result, the Judiciary -- the one institution that is solely re-
sponsible for ensuring our Republic endures as a Nation of
laws -- has put both our legal system, and our system of gov-
ernment, in grave jeopardy.
"The accretion of dangerous power does not come in a
day." Youngstown, 343 U. S., at 594 (opinion of Frankfur-
ter, J.). But "[i]t does come," "from the generative force of
unchecked disregard of the restrictions that fence in even
the most disinterested assertion of authority." Ibid. By
needlessly granting the Government's emergency applica-
tion to prohibit universal injunctions, the Court has cleared
a path for the Executive to choose law-free action at this
perilous moment for our Constitution -- right when the Ju-
diciary should be hunkering down to do all it can to preserve
the law's constraints. I have no doubt that, if judges must
allow the Executive to act unlawfully in some circum-
stances, as the Court concludes today, executive lawless-
ness will flourish, and from there, it is not difficult to pre-
dict how this all ends. Eventually, executive power will
become completely uncontainable, and our beloved consti-
tutional Republic will be no more.
Perhaps the degradation of our rule-of-law regime would
happen anyway. But this Court's complicity in the creation
of a culture of disdain for lower courts, their rulings, and
the law (as they interpret it) will surely hasten the downfall
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

of our governing institutions, enabling our collective de-
mise. At the very least, I lament that the majority is so
caught up in minutiae of the Government's self-serving, fin-
ger-pointing arguments that it misses the plot. The major-
ity forgets (or ignores) that "[w]ith all its defects, delays and
inconveniences, men have discovered no technique for long
preserving free government except that the Executive be
under the law, and that the law be made by parliamentary
deliberations." Id., at 655 (opinion of R. Jackson, J.). Trag-
ically, the majority also shuns this prescient warning: Even
if "[s]uch institutions may be destined to pass away," "it is
the duty of the Court to be last, not first, to give them up."
Ibid.

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
The United States has filed three emergency applications
challenging the scope of a federal court's authority to enjoin
Government officials from enforcing an executive order.
Traditionally, courts issued injunctions prohibiting execu-
tive officials from enforcing a challenged law or policy only
against the plaintiffs in the lawsuit. The injunctions before
us today reflect a more recent development: district courts
asserting the power to prohibit enforcement of a law or pol-
icy against anyone. These injunctions -- known as "univer-
sal injunctions" -- likely exceed the equitable authority that
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Congress has granted to federal courts.1 We therefore grant
the Government's applications to partially stay the injunc-
tions entered below.
I
The applications before us concern three overlapping,
universal preliminary injunctions entered by three differ-
ent District Courts. See 763 F. Supp. 3d 723 (Md. 2025),
appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1153 (CA4); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142
(WD Wash. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 807 (CA9); Doe
v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d 266 (Mass. 2025), appeal pend-
ing, No. 25 -- 1170 (CA1). The plaintiffs -- individuals, organ-
izations, and States -- sought to enjoin the implementation
and enforcement of President Trump's Executive Order No.
14160.2 See Protecting the Meaning and Value of American
Citizenship, 90 Fed. Reg. 8449 (2025). The Executive Order
identifies circumstances in which a person born in the
United States is not "subject to the jurisdiction thereof " and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Such injunctions are sometimes called "nationwide injunctions," re-

flecting their use by a single district court to bar the enforcement of a
law anywhere in the Nation. But the term "universal" better captures
how these injunctions work. Even a traditional, parties-only injunction
can apply beyond the jurisdiction of the issuing court. Steele v. Bulova
Watch Co., (1952) (When "exercising its equity pow-
ers," a district court "may command persons properly before it to cease
or perform acts outside its territorial jurisdiction"). The difference be-
tween a traditional injunction and a universal injunction is not so much
where it applies, but whom it protects: A universal injunction prohibits
the Government from enforcing the law against anyone, anywhere. H.
Wasserman, "Nationwide" Injunctions Are Really "Universal" Injunc-
tions and They Are Never Appropriate, 22 Lewis & Clark L. Rev. 335,
338 (2018).
2 The Government does not dispute -- nor could it -- that the individual

plaintiffs have standing to sue. But it argues that the States lack third-
party standing because their claims rest exclusively on the rights of in-
dividuals. Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884,
pp. 28 -- 32. It also challenges the District Courts' authority to grant relief
to the organizations' members who are not identified in the complaints.
See id., at 22. We do not address these arguments.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

is thus not recognized as an American citizen. See ibid.
Specifically, it sets forth the "policy of the United States" to
no longer issue or accept documentation of citizenship in
two scenarios: "(1) when [a] person's mother was unlawfully
present in the United States and the person's father was
not a United States citizen or lawful permanent resident at
the time of said person's birth, or (2) when [a] person's
mother's presence in the United States was lawful but tem-
porary, and the person's father was not a United States cit-
izen or lawful permanent resident at the time of said per-
son's birth." Ibid. The Executive Order also provides for a
30-day ramp-up period. During that time, the order directs
executive agencies to develop and issue public guidance re-
garding the order's implementation. See id., at 8449 -- 8450.
The plaintiffs filed suit, alleging that the Executive Order
violates the Fourteenth Amendment's Citizenship Clause, as well as of the Nationality Act of 1940, 54 Stat.
1138 (codified at 8 U. S. C. ). In each case, the District
Court concluded that the Executive Order is likely unlawful
and entered a universal preliminary injunction barring var-
ious executive officials from applying the policy to anyone
in the country. And in each case, the Court of Appeals de-
nied the Government's request to stay the sweeping relief.
See 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025); 2025 WL 553485
(CA9, Feb. 19, 2025); 131 F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025).
The Government has now filed three nearly identical ap-
plications seeking to partially stay the universal prelimi-
nary injunctions and limit them to the parties. See Appli-
cation for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884;
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A885;
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A886.3
The applications do not raise -- and thus we do not ad-
dress -- the question whether the Executive Order violates

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Because the applications are materially identical, we cite only the ap-

plication in No. 24A884 throughout the rest of the opinion.
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the Citizenship Clause or Nationality Act. The issue before
us is one of remedy: whether, under the Judiciary Act of
1789, federal courts have equitable authority to issue uni-
versal injunctions.
II
The question whether Congress has granted federal
courts the authority to universally enjoin the enforcement
of an executive or legislative policy plainly warrants our re-
view, as Members of this Court have repeatedly empha-
sized. See, e.g., McHenry v. Texas Top Cop Shop, 604 U. S.
___, ___ (2025) (GORSUCH, J., concurring in grant of stay)
("I would... take this case now to resolve
definitively the question whether a district court may issue
universal injunctive relief "); Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___,
___ -- ___ (2024) (GORSUCH, J., joined by THOMAS and ALITO,
JJ., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 8) ("[T]he pro-
priety of universal injunctive relief [is] a question of great
significance that has been in need of the Court's attention
for some time"); Griffin v. HM Florida-ORL, LLC, 601 U. S.
___, ___ (2023) (statement of KAVANAUGH, J., joined by
BARRETT, J., except as to footnote 1, respecting denial of ap-
plication for stay) (Universal injunctions pre-
sent "an important question that could warrant our review
in the future"); Trump v. Hawaii, (2018)
(THOMAS, J., concurring) ("If [universal injunctions'] popu-
larity continues, this Court must address their legality").
On multiple occasions, and across administrations, the So-
licitor General has asked us to consider the propriety of this
expansive remedy. See, e.g., Application for Stay of Injunc-
tion in McHenry v. Texas Top Cop Shop, Inc., O. T. 2024,
No. 24A653 (Biden administration); Brief for Petitioners in
Trump v. Hawaii, O. T. 2017, No. 17 -- 965 (first Trump ad-
ministration).
It is easy to see why. By the end of the Biden administra-
tion, we had reached "a state of affairs where almost every
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

major presidential act [was] immediately frozen by a fed-
eral district court." W. Baude & S. Bray, Comment, Proper
Parties, Proper Relief, 137 Harv. L. Rev. 153, 174 (2023).
The trend has continued: During the first 100 days of the
second Trump administration, district courts issued ap-
proximately 25 universal injunctions. Congressional Re-
search Service, J. Lampe, Nationwide Injunctions in the
First Hundred Days of the Second Trump Administration 1
(May 16, 2025). As the number of universal injunctions has
increased, so too has the importance of the issue.
III
A
The Government is likely to succeed on the merits of its
argument regarding the scope of relief. See Nken v. Holder,
(2009) (holding that for a stay application
to be granted, the applicant must make " 'a strong showing
that [it] is likely to succeed on the merits' "). A universal
injunction can be justified only as an exercise of equitable
authority, yet Congress has granted federal courts no such
power.4
The Judiciary Act of 1789 endowed federal courts with
jurisdiction over "all suits... in equity,", 1 Stat. 78, and
still today, this statute "is what authorizes the federal
courts to issue equitable remedies," S. Bray & E. Sherwin,
Remedies 442 (4th ed. 2024). Though flexible, this equita-
ble authority is not freewheeling. We have held that the
statutory grant encompasses only those sorts of equitable
remedies "traditionally accorded by courts of equity" at our
country's inception. Grupo Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v.
Alliance Bond Fund, Inc., (1999); see
also, e.g., Payne v. Hook, 7 Wall. 425, 430 (1869) ("The eq-
uity jurisdiction conferred on the Federal courts is the same
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Our decision rests solely on the statutory authority that federal

courts possess under the Judiciary Act of 1789. We express no view on
the Government's argument that Article III forecloses universal relief.
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

that the High Court of Chancery in England possesses").5
We must therefore ask whether universal injunctions are
sufficiently "analogous" to the relief issued " 'by the High
Court of Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution and the enactment of the original Judici-
ary Act.' " Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 318 -- 319 ).
The answer is no: Neither the universal injunction nor
any analogous form of relief was available in the High
Court of Chancery in England at the time of the founding.
Equity offered a mechanism for the Crown "to secure justice
where it would not be secured by the ordinary and existing
processes of law." G. Adams, The Origin of English Equity,
16 Colum. L. Rev. 87, 91 (1916). This "judicial prerogative
of the King" thus extended to "those causes which the ordi-
nary judges were incapable of determining." 1 J. Pomeroy,
Equity Jurisprudence, p. 27 (1881). Eventually, the
Crown instituted the "practice of delegating the cases" that
"came before" the judicial prerogative "to the chancellor for
his sole decision." Id., at 28. This "became the common
mode of dealing with such controversies." Ibid.
Of importance here, suits in equity were brought by and
against individual parties. Indeed, the "general rule in Eq-
uity [was] that all persons materially interested [in the
suit] [were] to be made parties to it." J. Story, Commen-
taries on Equity Pleadings, p. 74 (2d ed. 1840) (Story).
Injunctions were no exception; there were "sometimes suits

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See also Guaranty Trust Co. v. York, (1945) ("[T]he

federal courts [have] no power that they would not have had in any event
when courts were given 'cognizance,' by the first Judiciary Act, of suits
'in equity' "); Boyle v. Zacharie & Turner, 6 Pet. 648, 658 (1832) ("[T]he
settled doctrine of this court is, that the remedies in equity are to be ad-
ministered, not according to the state practice, but according to the prac-
tice of courts of equity in the parent country").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

to restrain the actions of particular officers against partic-
ular plaintiffs." S. Bray, Multiple Chancellors: Reforming
the National Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 425 (2017)
(Bray, Multiple Chancellors). And in cer-
tain cases, the "Attorney General could be a defendant."
Ibid. The Chancellor's remedies were also typically party
specific. "As a general rule, an injunction" could not bind
one who was not a "party to the cause." F. Calvert, Suits in
Equity 120 (2d ed. 1847); see also Iveson v. Harris, 7 Ves.
251, 257, 32 Eng. Rep. 102, 104 (1802) ("[Y]ou cannot have
an injunction except against a party to the suit"). Suffice it
to say, then, under longstanding equity practice in Eng-
land, there was no remedy "remotely like a national injunc-
tion." Bray, Multiple Chancellors 425.
Nor did founding-era courts of equity in the United States
chart a different course. See 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurispru-
dence, at 33 -- 34. If anything, the approach traditionally
taken by federal courts cuts against the existence of such a
sweeping remedy. Consider Scott v. Donald, where the
plaintiff successfully challenged the constitutionality of a
law on which state officials had relied to confiscate alcohol
that the plaintiff kept for personal use. See (1897) (statement of case); id., at 111 -- 112 (opinion of
the Court). Although the plaintiff sought an injunction bar-
ring enforcement of the law against both himself and any-
one else "whose rights [were] infringed and threatened" by
it, this Court permitted only a narrower decree between
"the parties named as plaintiff and defendants in the bill."
Id., at 115 -- 117.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Though the principal dissent claims otherwise, we do not treat Scott

as "dispositive." Post, at 28 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). Under Grupo
Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v. Alliance Bond Fund, Inc., 
(1999), the lack of a historical analogue is dispositive. Scott simply illus-
trates that as late as 1897, this Court adhered to a party-specific view of
relief. And while the principal dissent relies on Smyth v. Ames, (1898), as a counterexample to Scott, see post, at 28 (opinion of
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

In the ensuing decades, we consistently rebuffed requests
for relief that extended beyond the parties. See, e.g., Per-
kins v. Lukens Steel Co., (1940) ("The
benefits of [the court's] injunction" improperly extended "to
bidders throughout the Nation who were not parties to any
proceeding, who were not before the court[,] and who had
sought no relief "); cf. Frothingham v. Mellon, decided with
Massachusetts v. Mellon, -- 489 (1923)
(concluding that the Court lacked authority to issue "pre-
ventive relief " that would apply to people who "suffe[r] in
some indefinite way in common with people generally");
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 433 (explaining that the Froth-
ingham analysis "intertwines concepts of equity, remedies,
and the judicial power"). As Justice Nelson put it while rid-
ing circuit, "[t]here is scarcely a suit at law, or in equity,...
in which a general statute is interpreted, that does not in-
volve a question in which other parties are interested." Cut-
ting v. Gilbert, 6 F. Cas. 1079, 1080 (No. 3,519) (CC SDNY
1865). But to allow all persons subject to the statute to be
treated as parties to a lawsuit "would confound the estab-
lished order of judicial proceedings." Ibid.
Our early refusals to grant relief to nonparties are con-
sistent with the party-specific principles that permeate our
understanding of equity. "[N]either declaratory nor injunc-
tive relief," we have said, "can directly interfere with en-
forcement of contested statutes or ordinances except with
respect to the particular federal plaintiffs." Doran v. Salem
Inn, Inc., (1975); see also Gregory v. Stet-
son, (1890) ("It is an elementary principle
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
SOTOMAYOR, J.), it is unclear why. Even supporters of the universal in-
junction recognize that "the decree [that Smyth] affirmed did not reach
beyond the parties." M. Sohoni, The Lost History of the "Universal" In-
junction, 133 Harv. L. Rev. 920, 939 (2020); Smyth, 169 U. S., at 476 -- 477
(statement of case) ).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

that a court cannot adjudicate directly upon a person's right
without having him either actually or constructively before
it. This principle is fundamental"); Baude, 137 Harv.
L. Rev., at 168 (noting the "party-specific understanding of
what equitable remedies do").
In fact, universal injunctions were not a feature of federal-
court litigation until sometime in the 20th century. See
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 448 -- 452 (discussing various ra-
tionales for the birth of the universal injunction); see also
Application in No. 24A884, at 17 -- 18. The D. C. Circuit is-
sued what some regard as the first universal injunction in
1963. See Wirtz v. Baldor Elec. Co., 337 F. 2d 518, 535 (en-
joining the Secretary of Labor "with respect to the entire
[electric motors and generators] industry," not just the
named plaintiffs to the lawsuit).7 Yet such injunctions re-
mained rare until the turn of the 21st century, when their
use gradually accelerated. See Bray, Multiple Chancellors
439 -- 443 (referencing Flast v. Cohen, (1968),
and Harlem Valley Transp. Assn. v. Stafford, 360 F. Supp.
1057 (SDNY 1973)). One study identified approximately
127 universal injunctions issued between 1963 and 2023.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 There is some dispute about whether Wirtz was the first universal

injunction. Professor Mila Sohoni points to other possible 20th-century
examples, including West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, 
(1943), Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925), and Lewis Pub-
lishing Co. v. Morgan, (1913). See M. Sohoni, 133 Harv.
L. Rev., at 943; Brief for Professor Mila Sohoni as Amica Curiae 3; see
also post, at 21 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). But see M. Morley, Disaggre-
gating the History of Nationwide Injunctions: A Response to Professor
Sohoni, 72 Ala. L. Rev. 239, 252 -- 256 (2020) (disputing these examples).
Regardless, under any account, universal injunctions postdated the
founding by more than a century -- and under Grupo Mexicano, equitable
authority exercised under the Judiciary Act must derive from founding-
era practice. 527 U. S., at 319. It also bears emphasis that none of these
cases addresses the propriety of universal relief. Like a "drive-by-juris-
dictional rulin[g]," implicit acquiescence to a broad remedy "ha[s] no
precedential effect." Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, (1998).
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

See District Court Reform: Nationwide Injunctions, 137
Harv. L. Rev. 1701, 1705 (2024). Ninety-six of them -- over
three quarters -- were issued during the administrations of
President George W. Bush, President Obama, President
Trump, and President Biden. Ibid.
The bottom line? The universal injunction was conspicu-
ously nonexistent for most of our Nation's history. Its ab-
sence from 18th- and 19th-century equity practice settles
the question of judicial authority.8 See Grupo Mexicano,
527 U. S., at 318 -- 319. That the absence continued into the
20th century renders any claim of historical pedigree still
more implausible. Even during the "deluge of constitu-
tional litigation that occurred in the wake of Ex parte
Young, throughout the Lochner Era, and at the dawn of the
New Deal," universal injunctions were nowhere to be found.
M. Morley, Disaggregating the History of Nationwide In-
junctions: A Response to Professor Sohoni, 72 Ala. L. Rev.
239, 252 (2020) (footnotes omitted). Had federal courts be-
lieved themselves to possess the tool, surely they would not
have let it lay idle.
Faced with this timeline, the principal dissent accuses us
of "misunderstand[ing] the nature of equity" as being
"fr[ozen] in amber... at the time of the Judiciary Act."
Post, at 29 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). Not so. We said it
before, see supra, at 5, and say it again: "[E]quity is flexi-
ble." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 322. At the same time,
its "flexibility is confined within the broad boundaries of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The principal dissent faults us for failing to identify a single founding-

era case in which this Court held that universal injunctions exceed a fed-
eral court's equitable authority. See post, at 29 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR,
J.). But this absence only bolsters our case. That this Court had no oc-
casion to reject the universal injunction as inconsistent with traditional
equity practice merely demonstrates that no party even bothered to ask
for such a sweeping remedy -- because no court would have entertained
the request. Cf. Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 332 ("[E]quitable powers
conferred by the Judiciary Act of 1789 did not include the power to create
remedies previously unknown to equity jurisprudence").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

traditional equitable relief."9 Ibid. A modern device need
not have an exact historical match, but under Grupo Mexi-
cano, it must have a founding-era antecedent. And neither
the universal injunction nor a sufficiently comparable pre-
decessor was available from a court of equity at the time of
our country's inception. See id., at 333. Because the uni-
versal injunction lacks a historical pedigree, it falls outside
the bounds of a federal court's equitable authority under
the Judiciary Act.10 See id., at 318 -- 319.
B
Respondents raise several counterarguments, which the
principal dissent echoes. First, they insist that the univer-
sal injunction has a sufficient historical analogue: a decree
resulting from a bill of peace. Second, they maintain that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 Notwithstanding Grupo Mexicano, the principal dissent invokes Ex

parte Young, (1908), as support for the proposition that
equity can encompass remedies that have "no analogue in the relief ex-
ercised in the English Court of Chancery," because Ex parte Young per-
mits plaintiffs to "obtain plaintiff-protective injunctions against Govern-
ment officials," and the English Court of Chancery "could not enjoin the
Crown or English officers," post, at 30 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). But
contrary to the principal dissent's suggestion, Ex parte Young does not
say -- either explicitly or implicitly -- that courts may devise novel reme-
dies that have no background in traditional equitable practice. Histori-
cally, a court of equity could issue an antisuit injunction to prevent an
officer from engaging in tortious conduct. Ex parte Young justifies its
holding by reference to a long line of cases authorizing suits against state
officials in certain circumstances. See 209 U. S., at 150 -- 152 ; Governor of Geor-
gia v. Madrazo, 1 Pet. 110 (1828); and Davis v. Gray, 16 Wall. 203
(1873)). Support for the principal dissent's approach is found not in
Ex parte Young, but in Justice Ginsburg's partial dissent in Grupo Mex-
icano, which eschews the governing historical approach in favor of "[a]
dynamic equity jurisprudence." 527 U. S., at 337 (opinion concurring in
part and dissenting in part).
10 Nothing we say today resolves the distinct question whether the Ad-

ministrative Procedure Act authorizes federal courts to vacate federal
agency action. See 5 U. S. C. (authorizing courts to "hold unlaw-
ful and set aside agency action").
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

universal injunctions are consistent with the principle that
a court of equity may fashion complete relief for the parties.
Third, they argue that universal injunctions serve im-
portant policy objectives.
1
In an effort to satisfy Grupo Mexicano's historical test,
respondents claim that universal injunctive relief does have
a founding-era forebear: the decree obtained on a "bill of
peace," which was a form of group litigation permitted in
English courts. See Opposition to Application in No.
24A884 (CASA), pp. 30 -- 31; see also Brief for Professor Mila
Sohoni as Amica Curiae 6 -- 8. This bill allowed the Chan-
cellor to consolidate multiple suits that involved a "common
claim the plaintiff could have against multiple defendants"
or "some kind of common claim that multiple plaintiffs
could have against a single defendant." Bray, Multiple
Chancellors 426; see How v. Tenants of Bromsgrove, 1 Vern.
22, 23 Eng. Rep. 277 (1681) (suit by a lord against his ten-
ants collectively); Brown v. Vermuden, 1 Ch. Ca. 283, 22
Eng. Rep. 802 (1676), and Brown v. Vermuden, 1 Ch. Ca.
272, 22 Eng. Rep. 796 (1676) (suit by a parson against lead
miners in a parish, who named four of their members to de-
fend the suit in a representative capacity). Universal in-
junctions are analogous to this traditional equitable device,
respondents say, so federal courts have authority under the
Judiciary Act to issue them.
The analogy does not work. True, "bills of peace allowed
[courts of equity] to adjudicate the rights of members of dis-
persed groups without formally joining them to a lawsuit
through the usual procedures." Arizona v. Biden, 40 F. 4th
375, 397 (CA6 2022) (Sutton, C. J., concurring); see Story
-- 135 (discussing representative suits). Even so, their
use was confined to limited circumstances. See 7A C.
Wright, A. Miller, & M. Kane, Federal Practice and Proce-
dure, p. 10, and (4th ed. 2021) 13

Opinion of the Court

New River Co., 11 Ves. 429, 32 Eng. Rep. 1154 (Ch. 1803)).
Unlike universal injunctions, which reach anyone affected
by legislative or executive action -- no matter how large the
group or how tangential the effect -- a bill of peace involved
a "group [that] was small and cohesive," and the suit did
not "resolve a question of legal interpretation for the entire
realm." Bray, Multiple Chancellors 426. And unlike uni-
versal injunctions, which bind only the parties to the suit,
decrees obtained on a bill of peace "would bind all members
of the group, whether they were present in the action or
not." 7A Wright, Federal Practice and Procedure, at
10; see Smith v. Swormstedt, 16 How. 288, 303 (1854)
(When "a court of equity permits a portion of the parties in
interest to represent the entire body... the decree binds all
of them the same as if all were before the court"); see also
Story ("[I]n most, if not in all, cases of this sort, the
decree obtained upon such a Bill will ordinarily be held
binding upon all other persons standing in the same predic-
ament"). As Chief Judge Sutton aptly put it, "[t]he domes-
ticated animal known as a bill of peace looks nothing like
the dragon of nationwide injunctions." Arizona, 40 F. 4th,
at 397 (concurring opinion).
The bill of peace lives in modern form, but not as the uni-
versal injunction. It evolved into the modern class action,
which is governed in federal court by Rule 23 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure. 7A Wright, Federal Practice and
Procedure, at 10 ("It was the English bill of peace
that developed into what is now known as the class action");
see Hansberry v. Lee, (1940) ("The class suit
was an invention of equity"). And while Rule 23 is in some
ways "more restrictive of representative suits than the orig-
inal bills of peace," Rodgers v. Bryant, 942 F. 3d 451, 464
(CA8 2019) (Stras, J., concurring), it would still be recog-
nizable to an English Chancellor. Rule 23 requires numer-
osity (such that joinder is impracticable), common ques-
tions of law or fact, typicality, and representative parties
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

who adequately protect the interests of the class. Fed. Rule
Civ. Proc. 23(a). The requirements for a bill of peace were
virtually identical. See 7A Wright, Federal Practice and
Procedure, at 10, and. None of these requirements is a pre-
requisite for a universal injunction.
Rule 23's limits on class actions underscore a significant
problem with universal injunctions. A " 'properly conducted
class action,' " we have said, "can come about in federal
courts in just one way -- through the procedure set out in
Rule 23." Smith v. Bayer Corp., (2011);
Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(a) ("One or more members of a class
may sue or be sued as representative parties on behalf of all
members only if " Rule 23(a)'s requirements are satisfied
). Yet by forging a shortcut to relief that
benefits parties and nonparties alike, universal injunctions
circumvent Rule 23's procedural protections and allow
" 'courts to "create de facto class actions at will." ' " Smith,
564 U. S., at 315 ). Why bother with a Rule 23 class action when
the quick fix of a universal injunction is on the table? Cf.
Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 330 -- 331 ("Why go through
the trouble of complying with local attachment and garnish-
ment statutes when this all-purpose prejudgment injunc-
tion is available?"). The principal dissent's suggestion that
these suits could have satisfied Rule 23's requirements
simply proves that universal injunctions are a class-action
workaround. Post, at 25 -- 26 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.).
The taxpayer suit is a similarly inadequate historical
analogy. Contra, post, at 24 -- 25. In a successful taxpayer
suit, a court would enjoin the collection of an unlawful tax
against "taxpayers joined as co-plaintiffs, or by one tax-
payer suing on behalf of himself and all others similarly sit-
uated." 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 277. To
be sure, some state courts would occasionally "enjoin the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

enforcement and collection" of taxes against an "entire com-
munity," even when a "single taxpayer su[ed] on his own
account." Id., at 277 -- 278. But the practice of extending
relief "with respect to any taxpayer" was not adopted by
state courts until the mid-19th century, and even then, not
all states were willing to provide such sweeping relief. See
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 427. This post-founding prac-
tice of some state courts thus sheds minimal light on federal
courts' equitable authority under the Judiciary Act. What
is more, in Frothingham, we refused to allow a single tax-
payer to challenge a federal appropriations act. 262 U. S.,
at 486 -- 487. That counsels against placing much, if any, re-
liance on taxpayer suits as justification for the modern uni-
versal injunction.
2
Respondents contend that universal injunctions -- or at
least these universal injunctions -- are consistent with the
principle that a court of equity may fashion a remedy that
awards complete relief. See Opposition to Application in
No. 24A884 (CASA), at 22 -- 25; Opposition to Application in
No. 24A885 (Washington), pp. 28 -- 32; Opposition to Appli-
cation in No. 24A886 (New Jersey), pp. 31 -- 39. We agree
that the complete-relief principle has deep roots in equity.
But to the extent respondents argue that it justifies the
award of relief to nonparties, they are mistaken.11
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 JUSTICE JACKSON, for her part, thinks the "premise" that universal

injunctions provide relief to nonparties is "suspect" because, in her view,
"[n]onparties may benefit from an injunction, but only the plaintiff gets
relief." Post, at 8 -- 9, (dissenting opinion). The availability of con-
tempt proceedings suggests otherwise. Consider the civil contempt con-
text. Under "traditional principles of equity practice," courts may "im-
pos[e] civil contempt sanctions to 'coerce [a] defendant into compliance'
with an injunction." Taggart v. Lorenzen, (2019)
).
Generally, civil contempt proceedings occur between the original parties
to the lawsuit. See Gompers v. Bucks Stove & Range Co., TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

"Complete relief " is not synonymous with "universal re-
lief." It is a narrower concept: The equitable tradition has
long embraced the rule that courts generally "may admin-
ister complete relief between the parties." Kinney-Coastal
Oil Co. v. Kieffer, (1928). While party-specific injunctions sometimes "ad-
vantag[e] nonparties," Trump, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS,
J., concurring), they do so only incidentally.
Consider an archetypal case: a nuisance in which one
neighbor sues another for blasting loud music at all hours
of the night. To afford the plaintiff complete relief, the court
has only one feasible option: order the defendant to turn her
music down -- or better yet, off. That order will necessarily
benefit the defendant's surrounding neighbors too; there is
no way "to peel off just the portion of the nuisance that
harmed the plaintiff." Rodgers, 942 F. 3d, at 462 (Stras, J.,
concurring); see A. Woolhandler & C. Nelson, Does History
Defeat Standing Doctrine? 102 Mich. L. Rev. 689, 702
(2004). But while the court's injunction might have the
practical effect of benefiting nonparties, "that benefit [is]
merely incidental." Trump, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring); see also 3 J. Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, pp. 380 -- 381 (1883).12 As a matter of law, the injunc-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
444 -- 445 (1911). But a federal court's "power in civil contempt proceed-
ings is determined by the requirements of full remedial relief " to "effect
compliance with its decree." McComb v. Jacksonville Paper Co., -- 194 (1949). And "[w]hen an order grants relief for a non-
party," as is the case with universal injunctions,"the procedure for en-
forcing the order is the same as for a party." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 71; see,
e.g., Zamecnik v. Indiana Prairie School Dist. No. 204, 636 F. 3d 874, 879
(CA7 2011). So a nonparty covered by a universal injunction is likely to
reap both the practical benefit and the formal relief of the injunction.
See M. Smith, Only Where Justified: Toward Limits and Explanatory
Requirements for Nationwide Injunctions, 95 Notre Dame L. Rev. 2013,
2019 (2020).
12 There may be other injuries for which it is all but impossible for
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

tion's protection extends only to the suing plaintiff -- as evi-
denced by the fact that only the plaintiff can enforce the
judgment against the defendant responsible for the nui-
sance. If the nuisance persists, and another neighbor wants
to shut it down, she must file her own suit.13
The individual and associational respondents are there-
fore wrong to characterize the universal injunction as
simply an application of the complete-relief principle. Un-
der this principle, the question is not whether an injunction
offers complete relief to everyone potentially affected by an
allegedly unlawful act; it is whether an injunction will offer
complete relief to the plaintiffs before the court. See Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979) ("[I]njunctive
relief should be no more burdensome to the defendant than
necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs" (em-
phasis added)). Here, prohibiting enforcement of the Exec-
utive Order against the child of an individual pregnant
plaintiff will give that plaintiff complete relief: Her child
will not be denied citizenship. Extending the injunction to
cover all other similarly situated individuals would not ren-
der her relief any more complete.
The complete-relief inquiry is more complicated for the
state respondents, because the relevant injunction does not
purport to directly benefit nonparties. Instead, the District
Court for the District of Massachusetts decided that a uni-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts to craft relief that is complete and benefits only the named plain-
tiffs. See, e.g., Shaw v. Hunt, (1996) (racially gerryman-
dered congressional maps).
13 The new plaintiff might be able to assert nonmutual offensive issue

preclusion. See Parklane Hosiery Co. v. Shore, -- 332
(1979) (setting forth prerequisites for applying the doctrine). But non-
mutual offensive issue preclusion is unavailable against the United
States. United States v. Mendoza, (1984). That uni-
versal injunctions end-run this rule is one of the Government's objections
to them.
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

versal injunction was necessary to provide the States them-
selves with complete relief. See 766 F. Supp. 3d, at 288.14
The States maintain that the District Court made the right
call. See Opposition to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jer-
sey), at 31 -- 39.
As the States see it, their harms -- financial injuries and
the administrative burdens flowing from citizen-dependent
benefits programs -- cannot be remedied without a blanket
ban on the enforcement of the Executive Order. See, e.g.,
id., at 9 -- 11. Children often move across state lines or are
born outside their parents' State of residence. Id., at 31, 35.
Given the cross-border flow, the States say, a "patchwork
injunction" would prove unworkable, because it would re-
quire them to track and verify the immigration status of the
parents of every child, along with the birth State of every
child for whom they provide certain federally funded bene-
fits. Ibid.
The Government -- unsurprisingly -- sees matters differ-
ently. It retorts that even if the injunction is designed to
benefit only the States, it is "more burdensome than neces-
sary to redress" their asserted harms. Califano, 442 U. S.,
at 702. After all, to say that a court can award complete
relief is not to say that it should do so. Complete relief is
not a guarantee -- it is the maximum a court can provide.
And in equity, "the broader and deeper the remedy the
plaintiff wants, the stronger the plaintiff 's story needs to
be." S. Bray & P. Miller, Getting into Equity, 97 Notre
Dame L. Rev. 1763, 1797 (2022). In short, "[t]he essence of
equity jurisdiction has been the power of the Chancellor to
do equity and to mould each decree to the necessities of the
particular case." Hecht Co. v. Bowles, 
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 The District Court for the Western District of Washington acknowl-

edged the state respondents' complete-relief argument but primarily
granted a universal injunction on the basis that the "extreme nature of
the equities... alone warrant[ed] nationwide relief." 765 F. Supp. 3d
1142, 1153 (2025).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

(1944).
Leaning on these principles, the Government contends
that narrower relief is appropriate. For instance, the Dis-
trict Court could forbid the Government to apply the Exec-
utive Order within the respondent States, including to chil-
dren born elsewhere but living in those States. Application
in No. 24A884, at 23. Or, the Government says, the District
Court could direct the Government to "treat covered chil-
dren as eligible for purposes of federally funded welfare
benefits." Ibid. It asks us to stay the injunction insofar as
it sweeps too broadly.
We decline to take up these arguments in the first in-
stance. The lower courts should determine whether a nar-
rower injunction is appropriate; we therefore leave it to
them to consider these and any related arguments.
3
Respondents also defend universal injunctions as a mat-
ter of policy. They argue that a universal injunction is
sometimes the only practical way to quickly protect groups
from unlawful government action. See Opposition to Appli-
cation in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 26 -- 27; see also A. Frost,
In Defense of Nationwide Injunctions, 93 N. Y. U. L. Rev.
1065, 1090 -- 1094 (2018) (suggesting that universal injunc-
tions are appropriate when not all interested individuals
can come quickly to court); post, at 37 -- 39 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). Respondents also contend that universal in-
junctions are an appropriate remedy to preserve equal
treatment among individuals when the Executive Branch
adopts a facially unlawful policy. Opposition to Application
in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 25 -- 27; cf. post, at 22
(SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). And they suggest that forcing
plaintiffs to proceed on an individual basis can result in con-
fusion or piecemeal litigation that imposes unnecessary
costs on courts and others. See Opposition to Application
in No. 24A885 (Washington), at 31 -- 32; Frost, 93 N. Y. U.
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

L. Rev., at 1098 -- 1101; see also post, at 31 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). So, they insist, universal injunctions must be
permitted for the good of the system.
The Government advances policy arguments running the
other way. Echoing Chief Judge Sutton, the Government
asserts that avoiding a patchwork enforcement system is a
justification that "lacks a limiting principle and would
make nationwide injunctions the rule rather than the ex-
ception" for challenges to many kinds of federal law. Ari-
zona, 40 F. 4th, at 397 (concurring opinion). It stresses -- as
the principal dissent also observes -- that universal injunc-
tions incentivize forum shopping, since a successful chal-
lenge in one jurisdiction entails relief nationwide. See Ap-
plication in No. 24A884, at 19 -- 20; see also post, at 22
(opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). In a similar vein, the Govern-
ment observes that universal injunctions operate asymmet-
rically: A plaintiff must win just one suit to secure sweeping
relief. But to fend off such an injunction, the Government
must win everywhere. See Application in No. 24A884,
at 19 -- 20; see also post, at 22 -- 23 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.)
(acknowledging this concern).15 Moreover, the Government
contends, the practice of universal injunctions means that
highly consequential cases are often decided in a "fast
and furious" process of " 'rushed, high-stakes, [and] low-
information' " decisionmaking. Labrador, 601 U. S., at ___
(GORSUCH, J., concurring in grant of stay).
When a district court issues a universal injunction, thereby
halting the enforcement of federal policy, the Government
says that it has little recourse but to proceed to the court of
appeals for an emergency stay. The loser in the court of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
15 The Government contrasts this with class actions. A judgment in a

Rule 23 class action (favorable or not) binds the whole class -- so if the
defendant wins, it is protected from future suits. But because an adverse
ruling on a request for universal relief lacks this preclusive effect, plain-
tiffs can continue to file in different forums until they find a court willing
to award such relief.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

appeals will then seek a stay from this Court. See Applica-
tion in No. 24A884, at 20. This process forces courts to re-
solve significant and difficult questions of law on a highly
expedited basis and without full briefing. See ibid.16
The upshot: As with most disputed issues, there are ar-
guments on both sides. But as with most questions of law,
the policy pros and cons are beside the point. Under our
well-established precedent, the equitable relief available in
the federal courts is that "traditionally accorded by courts
of equity" at the time of our founding. Grupo Mexicano, 527
U. S., at 319. Nothing like a universal injunction was avail-
able at the founding, or for that matter, for more than a
century thereafter. Thus, under the Judiciary Act, federal
courts lack authority to issue them.
C
The principal dissent focuses on conventional legal ter-
rain, like the Judiciary Act of 1789 and our cases on equity.
JUSTICE JACKSON, however, chooses a startling line of at-
tack that is tethered neither to these sources nor, frankly,
to any doctrine whatsoever. Waving away attention to the
limits on judicial power as a "mind-numbingly technical
query," post, at 3 (dissenting opinion), she offers a vision of

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
16 Acknowledging these problems, the principal dissent admits that

"[t]here may be good reasons not to issue universal injunctions in the
typical case." Post, at 23 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). This concession,
while welcome, is inconsistent with the position that the universal in-
junction is a "nothing to see here" extension of the kind of decree obtained
on a bill of peace. Neither the principal dissent nor respondents have
pointed to any evidence that such decrees presented any of the universal
injunction's systemic problems or that they were reserved for situations
in which the defendant's conduct was "patently unconstitutional" and
risked "exceptional" harm. Post, at 22 -- 23. It is precisely because the
universal injunction is a new, potent remedy that it poses new, potent
risks. Our observation in Grupo Mexicano rings true here: "Even when
sitting as a court in equity, we have no authority to craft a 'nuclear
weapon' of the law." 527 U. S., at 332.
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the judicial role that would make even the most ardent de-
fender of judicial supremacy blush. In her telling, the fun-
damental role of courts is to "order everyone (including the
Executive) to follow the law -- full stop." Post, at 2; see also
post, at 10 ("[T]he function of the courts -- both in theory and
in practice -- necessarily includes announcing what the law
requires in... suits for the benefit of all who are protected
by the Constitution, not merely doling out relief to injured
private parties"); see also post, at 11, 15. And, she
warns, if courts lack the power to "require the Executive to
adhere to law universally," post, at 15, courts will leave a
"gash in the basic tenets of our founding charter that could
turn out to be a mortal wound," post, at 12.
Rhetoric aside, JUSTICE JACKSON's position is difficult to
pin down. She might be arguing that universal injunctions
are appropriate -- even required -- whenever the defendant
is part of the Executive Branch. See, e.g., post, at 3, 10 -- 12,
16 -- 18. If so, her position goes far beyond the mainstream
defense of universal injunctions. See, e.g., Frost, 93
N. Y. U. L. Rev., at 1069 ("Nationwide injunctions come
with significant costs and should never be the default rem-
edy in cases challenging federal executive action"). As best
we can tell, though, her argument is more extreme still, be-
cause its logic does not depend on the entry of a universal
injunction: JUSTICE JACKSON appears to believe that the
reasoning behind any court order demands "universal ad-
herence," at least where the Executive is concerned. Post,
at 2 (dissenting opinion). In her law-declaring vision of the
judicial function, a district court's opinion is not just per-
suasive, but has the legal force of a judgment. But see Haa-
land v. Brackeen, (2023) ("It is a federal
court's judgment, not its opinion, that remedies an injury").
Once a single district court deems executive conduct unlaw-
ful, it has stated what the law requires. And the Executive
must conform to that view, ceasing its enforcement of the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

law against anyone, anywhere.17
We will not dwell on JUSTICE JACKSON's argument, which
is at odds with more than two centuries' worth of precedent,
not to mention the Constitution itself. We observe only this:
JUSTICE JACKSON decries an imperial Executive while em-
bracing an imperial Judiciary.
No one disputes that the Executive has a duty to follow
the law. But the Judiciary does not have unbridled author-
ity to enforce this obligation -- in fact, sometimes the law
prohibits the Judiciary from doing so. See, e.g., Marbury v.
Madison, 1 Cranch 137 (1803) (concluding that James Mad-
ison had violated the law but holding that the Court lacked
jurisdiction to issue a writ of mandamus ordering him to
follow it). But see post, at 15 (JACKSON, J., dissenting) ("If
courts do not have the authority to require the Executive to
adhere to law universally,... compliance with law some-
times becomes a matter of Executive prerogative"). Observ-
ing the limits on judicial authority -- including, as relevant
here, the boundaries of the Judiciary Act of 1789 -- is re-
quired by a judge's oath to follow the law.
JUSTICE JACKSON skips over that part. Because analyz-
ing the governing statute involves boring "legalese," post, at
3, she seeks to answer "a far more basic question of enor-
mous practical significance: May a federal court in the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
17 Think about what this position means. If a judge in the District of

Alaska holds that a criminal statute is unconstitutional, can the United
States prosecute a defendant under that statute in the District of Mary-
land? Perhaps JUSTICE JACKSON would instinctively say yes; it is hard to
imagine anyone saying no. But why, on JUSTICE JACKSON's logic, does it
not violate the rule of law for the Executive to initiate a prosecution else-
where? See post, at 2 (dissenting opinion). Among its many problems,
JUSTICE JACKSON's view is at odds with our system of divided judicial au-
thority. See, e.g., this Court's Rule 10(a) (identifying conflict in the deci-
sions of the courts of appeals as grounds for granting certiorari). It is
also in considerable tension with the reality that district court opinions
lack precedential force even vis-à-vis other judges in the same judicial
district. See Camreta v. Greene, (2011).
24 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

United States of America order the Executive to follow the
law?" Ibid. In other words, it is unnecessary to consider
whether Congress has constrained the Judiciary; what mat-
ters is how the Judiciary may constrain the Executive.
JUSTICE JACKSON would do well to heed her own admoni-
tion: "[E]veryone, from the President on down, is bound by
law." Ibid. That goes for judges too.
IV
Finally, the Government must show a likelihood that it
will suffer irreparable harm absent a stay. Nken, 556 U. S.,
at 434 -- 435. When a federal court enters a universal injunc-
tion against the Government, it "improper[ly] intru[des]" on
"a coordinate branch of the Government" and prevents the
Government from enforcing its policies against nonparties.
INS v. Legalization Assistance Project of Los Angeles
County Federation of Labor, (1993)
(O'Connor, J., in chambers). That is enough to justify in-
terim relief.
The principal dissent disagrees, insisting that "it strains
credulity to treat the Executive Branch as irreparably
harmed" by these injunctions, even if they are overly broad.
Post, at 17 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.); see also Opposition
to Application in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 16 -- 20. That is so,
the principal dissent argues, because the Executive Order
is unconstitutional. Thus, "the Executive Branch has no
right to enforce [it] against anyone." Post, at 15.
The principal dissent's analysis of the Executive Order is
premature because the birthright citizenship issue is not
before us.18 And because the birthright citizenship issue is
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
18 The dissent worries that the Citizenship Clause challenge will never

reach this Court, because if the plaintiffs continue to prevail, they will
have no reason to petition for certiorari. And if the Government keeps
losing, it will "ha[ve] no incentive to file a petition here... because the
outcome of such an appeal would be preordained." Post, at 42 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). But at oral argument, the Solicitor General acknowl-
edged that challenges to the Executive Order are pending in multiple
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

Opinion of the Court

not before us, we take no position on whether the dissent's
analysis is right. The dissent is wrong to say, however, that
a stay applicant cannot demonstrate irreparable harm from
a threshold error without also showing that, at the end of
the day, it will prevail on the underlying merits. That is
not how the Nken factors work. See 556 U. S., at 434. For
instance, when we are asked to stay an execution on the
grounds of a serious legal question, we ask whether the cap-
ital defendant is likely to prevail on the merits of the issue
before us, not whether he is likely to prevail on the merits
of the underlying suit. See, e.g., Gutierrez v. Saenz, 603
U. S. ___ (2024) (granting application for a stay based on a
question implicating the prisoner's standing to attempt to
access DNA testing). The same is true when an applicant
seeks a stay in other contexts. See, e.g., OPM v. AFGE, 604
U. S. ___ (2025) (granting application for stay because the
organizational plaintiffs' allegations were "insufficient to
support [their] standing"). So too here.
The question before us is whether the Government is
likely to suffer irreparable harm from the District Courts'
entry of injunctions that likely exceed the authority con-
ferred by the Judiciary Act. The answer to that question is
yes. See Coleman v. Paccar Inc., -- 1308
(1976) (Rehnquist, C. J., in chambers); Trump v. Interna-
tional Refugee Assistance Project, -- 579
(2017) (per curiam); see also Maryland v. King, (2012) (ROBERTS, C. J., in chambers) (" '[A]ny
time a State is enjoined by a court from effectuating stat-
utes enacted by representatives of its people, it suffers a
form of irreparable injury' " ). And
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
circuits, Tr. of Oral Arg. 50, and when asked directly "When you lose one
of those, do you intend to seek cert?", the Solicitor General responded,
"yes, absolutely." Ibid. And while the dissent speculates that the Gov-
ernment would disregard an unfavorable opinion from this Court, the
Solicitor General represented that the Government will respect both the
judgments and the opinions of this Court. See id., at 62 -- 63.
26 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the balance of equities does not counsel against awarding
the Government interim relief: Partial stays will cause no
harm to respondents because they will remain protected by
the preliminary injunctions to the extent necessary and ap-
propriate to afford them complete relief.
* * *
Some say that the universal injunction "give[s] the Judi-
ciary a powerful tool to check the Executive Branch."
Trump, 585 U. S., at 720 (THOMAS, J., concurring) ;
S. Malveaux, Class Actions, Civil Rights, and the National
Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. Forum, 56, 57, 60 -- 62 (2017)).
But federal courts do not exercise general oversight of the
Executive Branch; they resolve cases and controversies con-
sistent with the authority Congress has given them. When
a court concludes that the Executive Branch has acted un-
lawfully, the answer is not for the court to exceed its power,
too.
The Government's applications to partially stay the pre-
liminary injunctions are granted, but only to the extent that
the injunctions are broader than necessary to provide com-
plete relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue. The lower
courts shall move expeditiously to ensure that, with respect
to each plaintiff, the injunctions comport with this rule and
otherwise comply with principles of equity. The injunctions
are also stayed to the extent that they prohibit executive
agencies from developing and issuing public guidance about
the Executive's plans to implement the Executive Order.
Consistent with the Solicitor General's representation, 
of the Executive Order shall not take effect until 30 days
after the date of this opinion. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 55.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring.
The Court today holds that federal courts may not issue
so-called universal injunctions. I agree and join in full. As
the Court explains, the Judiciary Act of 1789 -- the statute
that " 'authorizes the federal courts to issue equitable rem-
edies' " -- does not permit universal injunctions. Ante, at 5.
It authorizes only those remedies traditionally available in
equity, and there is no historical tradition allowing courts
to provide "relief that extend[s] beyond the parties." Ante,
at 5 -- 11. That conclusion is dispositive: As I have previously
explained, "[i]f district courts have any authority to issue
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

THOMAS, J., concurring

universal injunctions," it must come from some specific
statutory or constitutional grant. Trump v. Hawaii, -- 714 (2018) (concurring opinion). But, the
Judiciary Act is the only real possibility, and serious consti-
tutional questions would arise even if Congress purported
to one day allow universal injunctions. See id., at 714, ;
see also United States v. Texas, -- 694
(2023) (GORSUCH, J., concurring in judgment).
I write separately to emphasize the majority's guidance
regarding how courts should tailor remedies specific to the
parties. Courts must not distort "the rule that injunctive
relief should be no more burdensome to the defendant than
necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs." Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979). Otherwise,
they risk replicating the problems of universal injunctions
under the guise of granting complete relief.
As the Court recognizes, the complete-relief principle op-
erates as a ceiling: In no circumstance can a court award
relief beyond that necessary to redress the plaintiffs' inju-
ries. See ante, at 18 ("Complete relief is not a guarantee -- 
it is the maximum a court can provide"). This limitation
follows from both Article III and traditional equitable prac-
tice. Because Article III limits courts to resolving specific
"Cases" and "Controversies," see U. S. Const., Art. III, it
requires that any remedy "be tailored to redress the plain-
tiff 's particular injury." Gill v. Whitford, 
(2018). And, equitable remedies historically operated on a
plaintiff-specific basis. Ante, at 6 -- 9. Accordingly, any
"remedy must of course be limited to the inadequacy that
produced the injury in fact that the plaintiff has estab-
lished." Lewis v. Casey, (1996).
Courts therefore err insofar as they treat complete relief
as a mandate. Some judges have read our precedents to
suggest that courts should provide plaintiffs whatever rem-
edy is necessary to give them complete relief. See, e.g.,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

Mock v. Garland, 75 F. 4th 563, 587 (CA5 2023) ("[I]njunc-
tions should be crafted to 'provide complete relief to the
plaintiffs' "); Z. Siddique, Nationwide Injunctions, 117
Colum. L. Rev. 2095, 2106 (2017) ("[C]ourts... tailor their
injunctions to provide complete relief to the parties -- no less
and no more"). But, that reading misunderstands the com-
plete-relief principle.
This principle reflects the equitable "rule that courts gen-
erally 'may administer complete relief between the par-
ties.' " Ante, at 16 (emphasis deleted). It is an important
"aim of the law of remedies... to put the plaintiff in her
rightful position." S. Bray, Multiple Chancellors: Reform-
ing the National Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 466
(2017) (Bray). But, "to say that a court can award complete
relief is not to say that it should do so." Ante, at 18. And,
in some circumstances, a court cannot award complete re-
lief.
As the Court today affirms, any relief must fall within
traditional limits on a court's equitable powers. See ante,
at 5 -- 6 ; Payne v.
Hook, 7 Wall. 425, 430 (1869)). Courts must ask whether
the relief plaintiffs seek "was traditionally accorded by
courts of equity." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 319. And,
they must ensure that any injunctions comport with both
the complete-relief principle and other "principles of eq-
uity." Ante, at 26. For example, courts may need to weigh
considerations such as equity's concern "with justice...
also for the defendant." Bray 468; see H. McClintock,
Handbook of the Principles of Equity 78 (2d ed. 1948). In
some cases, traditional equitable limits will require courts
and plaintiffs to make do with less than complete relief.
This Court's decision in Frothingham v. Mellon, decided
with Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923), exem-
plifies this constraint. Appellant Frothingham sought to
"enjoin the execution of a federal appropriation act" on the
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

THOMAS, J., concurring

grounds that the Act exceeded the Government's authority
and that its execution would improperly increase her tax
burden. Id., at 479, 486. On a maximalist view of the com-
plete-relief principle, Frothingham would have been enti-
tled to a national injunction had her claim been meritori-
ous. After all, "a prohibition on using her tax money for the
[statute] would have been wholly ineffectual" in remedying
the injury caused by unlawful federal spending, given "the
fungibility of money": The Government would still have
been free to execute the statute, so long as it labeled the
underlying funds as coming from other taxpayers. Bray
431. A court thus would have needed to enjoin all spending
under the statute to provide effective relief. But, this Court
rejected Frothingham's request for such an injunction as
beyond "the preventive powers of a court of equity." 262
U. S., at 487. Among other reasons, it emphasized that an
individual taxpayer's "interest in the moneys of the Treas-
ury" was "comparatively minute and indeterminable," and
that the petitioner had not suffered any "direct injury" but
rather was "suffer[ing] in some indefinite way in common
with people generally." Id., at 487 -- 488.*
To be sure, "[w]hat counts as complete relief " can be a
difficult question. Bray 467. Many plaintiffs argue that
only sweeping relief can redress their injuries. And, I do
not dispute that there will be cases requiring an "indivisible
remedy" that incidentally benefits third parties, Tr. of Oral
Arg., 14 -- 15, such as "[i]njunctions barring public nui-
sances," Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS, J., concurring).
But, such cases are by far the exception.
An indivisible remedy is appropriate only when it would
be "all but impossible" to devise relief that reaches only the
plaintiffs. Ante, at 16 -- 17,. Such impossibility is a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Although courts now treat Frothingham primarily as a case about
taxpayer standing, its analysis in fact "intertwine[d] concepts of equity,
remedies, and the judicial power." Bray 430 -- 433; see ante, at 8.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring

high bar. For example, the Court today readily dispatches
with the individual and associational respondents' position
that they require a universal injunction, notwithstanding
their argument that a "plaintiff-specific injunction" would
be difficult to administer and would subject the associa-
tions' members to the burden of having "to identify and dis-
close to the government" their membership. Tr. of Oral Arg.
141 -- 142. As the Court recognizes, "prohibiting enforce-
ment of the Executive Order against the child of an individ-
ual pregnant plaintiff " is all that is required to "give that
plaintiff complete relief." Ante, at 17. Courts may not use
the complete-relief principle to revive the universal injunc-
tion.
* * *
For good reason, the Court today puts an end to the "in-
creasingly common" practice of federal courts issuing uni-
versal injunctions. Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 713 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring). The Court also makes clear that the complete-
relief principle provides a ceiling on federal courts' author-
ity, which must be applied alongside other "principles of eq-
uity" and our holding that universal injunctions are imper-
missible. Ante, at 26. Lower courts should carefully heed
this Court's guidance and cabin their grants of injunctive
relief in light of historical equitable limits. If they cannot
do so, this Court will continue to be "dutybound" to inter-
vene. Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 721 (THOMAS, J., concurring).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

ALITO, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins, con-
curring.
I join the opinion of the Court but write separately to note
two related issues that are left unresolved and potentially
threaten the practical significance of today's decision: the
availability of third-party standing and class certification.
First, the Court does not address the weighty issue
whether the state plaintiffs have third-party standing to as-
sert the Citizenship Clause claims of their individual resi-
dents. See ante, at 2, ; see also ante, at 26 ("The Gov-
ernment's applications to partially stay the preliminary
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

ALITO, J., concurring

injunctions are granted, but only to the extent that the in-
junctions are broader than necessary to provide complete
relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue" ). Ordinarily, "a litigant must assert his or her own
legal rights and interests, and cannot rest a claim to relief
on the legal rights or interests of third parties." Powers v.
Ohio, (1991). In limited circumstances,
however, the Court has permitted a party to assert the
rights of a third party. Admittedly, the Court has not
pinned down the precise circumstances in which third-
party standing is permissible. See Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v.
Static Control Components, Inc., (2014). And commentators have emphasized the need for
"greater doctrinal coherence." C. Bradley & E. Young, Un-
packing Third-Party Standing, 131 Yale L. J. 1, 7 (2021)
(Bradley & Young).
But at a minimum, we have said that a litigant seeking
to assert the legal rights or interests of others must demon-
strate ordinary Article III standing for itself and answer
the additional "threshold question whether [it has] stand-
ing to raise the rights of others." Kowalski v. Tesmer, (2004). But see FDA v. Alliance for Hippo-
cratic Medicine, (2024) (THOMAS, J., con-
curring). This latter requirement, as we have explained,
entails a showing that the litigant has a "close relationship"
to the right holder and that there is some " 'hindrance' " to
the right holder's ability to "protect his own interests."
Kowalski, 543 U. S., at 130. So long as third-party standing doctrine remains good
law, federal courts should take care to apply these limita-
tions conscientiously, including against state plaintiffs.
That is especially so in cases such as these, in which the
parties claiming third-party standing (i.e., the States) are
not directly subject to the challenged policy in the relevant
respect and face, at most, collateral injuries. See Bradley
& Young 56 -- 60.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

ALITO, J., concurring

Today's decision only underscores the need for rigorous
and evenhanded enforcement of third-party-standing limi-
tations. The Court holds today that injunctive relief should
generally extend only to the suing plaintiff. See ante, at 16 -- 
17. That will have the salutary effect of bringing an end to
the practice of runaway "universal" injunctions, but it
leaves other questions unanswered. Perhaps most im-
portant, when a State brings a suit to vindicate the rights
of individual residents and then procures injunctive relief,
does the injunction bind the defendant with respect to all
residents of that State? If so, States will have every incen-
tive to bring third-party suits on behalf of their residents to
obtain a broader scope of equitable relief than any individ-
ual resident could procure in his own suit. Left unchecked,
the practice of reflexive state third-party standing will un-
dermine today's decision as a practical matter.
Second, today's decision will have very little value if dis-
trict courts award relief to broadly defined classes without
following "Rule 23's procedural protections" for class certi-
fication. Ante, at 14. The class action is a powerful tool,
and we have accordingly held that class "certification is
proper only if the trial court is satisfied, after a rigorous
analysis, that the prerequisites of Rule 23(a) have been sat-
isfied." Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. Dukes, -- 
351 (2011). These re-
quirements are more than "a mere pleading standard," id.,
at 350, and a hasty application of Rule 23 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure can have drastic consequences, cre-
ating "potential unfairness" for absent class members and
confusion (and pressure to settle) for defendants. General
Telephone Co. of Southwest v. Falcon, 
(1982). Recognizing these effects, Congress took the excep-
tional step of authorizing interlocutory review of class cer-
tification. See Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(f ).
Putting the kibosh on universal injunctions does nothing
to disrupt Rule 23's requirements. Of course, Rule 23 may
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

ALITO, J., concurring

permit the certification of nationwide classes in some dis-
crete scenarios. But district courts should not view today's
decision as an invitation to certify nationwide classes with-
out scrupulous adherence to the rigors of Rule 23. Other-
wise, the universal injunction will return from the grave
under the guise of "nationwide class relief," and today's de-
cision will be of little more than minor academic interest.
* * *
Lax enforcement of the requirements for third-party
standing and class certification would create a potentially
significant loophole to today's decision. Federal courts
should thus be vigilant against such potential abuses of
these tools. I do not understand the Court's decision to re-
flect any disagreement with these concerns, so I join its de-
cision in full.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring.
The plaintiffs here sought preliminary injunctions
against enforcement of the President's Executive Order on
birthright citizenship. The District Courts granted
universal preliminary injunctions -- that is, injunctions
prohibiting enforcement of the Executive Order against
anyone. Under the Court's holding today, district courts
issuing injunctions under the authority afforded by the
Judiciary Act of 1789 may award only plaintiff-specific
relief. I join the Court's careful and persuasive opinion,
which will bring needed clarity to the law of remedies.
To be sure, in the wake of the Court's decision, plaintiffs
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

who challenge the legality of a new federal statute or
executive action and request preliminary injunctive relief
may sometimes seek to proceed by class action under
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(b)(2) and ask a court to
award preliminary classwide relief that may, for example,
be statewide, regionwide, or even nationwide. See ante, at
13 -- 14; A. A. R. P. v. Trump, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(per curiam) ; Califano v. Yamasaki, -- 703 (1979). And in cases under the
Administrative Procedure Act, plaintiffs may ask a court to
preliminarily "set aside" a new agency rule. 5 U. S. C.
; see, e.g., West Virginia v. EPA, 
(2016); see also Corner Post, Inc. v. Board of Governors, -- 843 (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring).1
But importantly, today's decision will require district
courts to follow proper legal procedures when awarding
such relief. Most significantly, district courts can no longer
award preliminary nationwide or classwide relief except
when such relief is legally authorized. And that salutary
development will help bring substantially more order and
discipline to the ubiquitous preliminary litigation over new
federal statutes and executive actions.
I write separately simply to underscore that this case
focuses on only one discrete aspect of the preliminary
litigation relating to major new federal statutes and
executive actions -- namely, what district courts may do
with respect to those new statutes and executive actions in
what might be called "the interim before the interim."
Although district courts have received much of the
attention (and criticism) in debates over the universal-
injunction issue, those courts generally do not have the last
word when they grant or deny preliminary injunctions. The

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In addition, as the Court notes, an injunction granting complete relief

to plaintiffs may also, as a practical matter, benefit nonparties. Ante, at
15 -- 19.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

courts of appeals and this Court can (and regularly do)
expeditiously review district court decisions awarding or
denying preliminary injunctive relief. The losing party in
the district court -- the defendant against whom an
injunction is granted, or the plaintiff who is denied an
injunction -- will often go to the court of appeals to seek a
temporary stay or injunction. And then the losing party in
the court of appeals may promptly come to this Court with
an application for a stay or injunction. This Court has
therefore often acted as the ultimate decider of the interim
legal status of major new federal statutes and executive
actions. See, e.g., Ohio v. EPA, (2024); Danco
Laboratories, LLC v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 598
U. S. ___ (2023); National Federation of Independent
Business v. OSHA, (2022) (per curiam);
Alabama Assn. of Realtors v. Department of Health and
Human Servs., (2021) (per curiam); see also
Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024)
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 
3).
After today's decision, that order of operations will not
change. In justiciable cases, this Court, not the district
courts or courts of appeals, will often still be the ultimate
decisionmaker as to the interim legal status of major new
federal statutes and executive actions -- that is, the interim
legal status for the several-year period before a final
decision on the merits.
I
The Court's decision today focuses on the "interim before
the interim" -- the preliminary relief that district courts can
award (and courts of appeals can approve) for the generally
weeks-long interim before this Court can assess and settle
the matter for the often years-long interim before a final
decision on the merits. To appreciate the broader context
surrounding today's decision, it is important to understand
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

this Court's role in preliminary litigation of this sort.
The basic scenario in these kinds of applications to this
Court is by now familiar. Congress passes a major new
statute, or the Executive Branch issues a major new rule or
executive order. The litigation over the legality of the new
statute or executive action winds its way through the
federal courts. And that litigation may meander on for
many months or often years before this Court can issue a
final ruling deciding the legality of the new statute or
executive action.
In the meantime, various plaintiffs may seek preliminary
injunctions, sometimes in many different district courts.
And a government defendant against whom a preliminary
injunction is granted (or a plaintiff who is denied a
preliminary injunction) may seek a temporary stay or
injunction in the court of appeals and then in this Court.
That preliminary-injunction litigation -- which typically
takes place at a rapid-fire pace long before the merits
litigation culminates several years down the road -- raises a
question: What should the interim legal status of the
significant new federal statute or executive action at issue
be during the several-year period before this Court's final
ruling on the merits?
That interim-status question is itself immensely
important. The issue of whether a major new federal
statute or executive action "is enforceable during the
several years while the parties wait for a final merits ruling... raises a separate question of extraordinary significance
to the parties and the American people." Labrador v. Poe,
601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring
in grant of stay) ( -- 3).
The interim-status issue in turn raises two other critical
questions: Should there be a nationally uniform answer on
the question of whether a major new federal statute or
executive action can be legally enforced in the often years-
long interim period until this Court reaches a final decision
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

on the merits? If so, who decides what the nationally
uniform interim answer is?
First, in my view, there often (perhaps not always, but
often) should be a nationally uniform answer on whether a
major new federal statute, rule, or executive order can be
enforced throughout the United States during the several-
year interim period until its legality is finally decided on
the merits.
Consider just a few of the major executive actions that
have been the subject of intense preliminary-injunction or
other pre-enforcement litigation in the past 10 years or so,
under Presidents of both political parties. They range from
travel bans to birthright citizenship, from the Clean Power
Plan to student loan forgiveness, from the OSHA vaccine
mandate to the service of transgender individuals in the
military, from Title IX regulations to abortion drugs. And
the list goes on. Those executive actions often are highly
significant and have widespread effects on many
individuals, businesses, governments, and other
organizations throughout the United States.
Often, it is not especially workable or sustainable or
desirable to have a patchwork scheme, potentially for
several years, in which a major new federal statute or
executive action of that kind applies to some people or
organizations in certain States or regions, but not to others.
The national reach of many businesses and government
programs, as well as the regular movement of the American
people into and out of different States and regions, would
make it difficult to sensibly maintain such a scattershot
system of federal law.
Second, if one agrees that the years-long interim status
of a highly significant new federal statute or executive
action should often be uniform throughout the United
States, who decides what the interim status is?
The answer typically will be this Court, as has been the
case both traditionally and recently. This Court's actions
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

in resolving applications for interim relief help provide
clarity and uniformity as to the interim legal status of
major new federal statutes, rules, and executive orders. In
particular, the Court's disposition of applications for
interim relief often will effectively settle, de jure or de facto,
the interim legal status of those statutes or executive
actions nationwide.
The decision today will not alter this Court's traditional
role in those matters. Going forward, in the wake of a major
new federal statute or executive action, different district
courts may enter a slew of preliminary rulings on the
legality of that statute or executive action. Or
alternatively, perhaps a district court (or courts) will grant
or deny the functional equivalent of a universal
injunction -- for example, by granting or denying a
preliminary injunction to a putative nationwide class under
Rule 23(b)(2), or by preliminarily setting aside or declining
to set aside an agency rule under the APA.
No matter how the preliminary-injunction litigation on
those kinds of significant matters transpires in the district
courts, the courts of appeals in turn will undoubtedly be
called upon to promptly grant or deny temporary stays or
temporary injunctions in many cases.
And regardless of whether the district courts have issued
a series of individual preliminary rulings, or instead have
issued one or more broader classwide or set-aside
preliminary rulings, the losing parties in the courts of
appeals will regularly come to this Court in matters
involving major new federal statutes and executive
actions.2
If there is no classwide or set-aside relief in those kinds
of nationally significant matters, then one would expect a
flood of decisions from lower courts, after which the losing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 By statute, some litigation may start in a court of appeals or three-

judge district court and then come directly to this Court.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

parties on both sides will probably inundate this Court with
applications for stays or injunctions.3 And in cases where
classwide or set-aside relief has been awarded, the losing
side in the lower courts will likewise regularly come to this
Court if the matter is sufficiently important.
When a stay or injunction application arrives here, this
Court should not and cannot hide in the tall grass. When
we receive such an application, we must grant or deny.4
And when we do -- that is, when this Court makes a decision
on the interim legal status of a major new federal statute or
executive action -- that decision will often constitute a form
of precedent (de jure or de facto) that provides guidance
throughout the United States during the years-long interim
period until a final decision on the merits.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 That scenario explains why it would not make much sense for this

Court to apply different standards to (i) an application for an injunction
and (ii) an application for a stay of an injunction. See, e.g., Tandon v.
Newsom, (2021) (per curiam) (applying the usual stay
standard to an application for an injunction).
Suppose a district court in Circuit A enjoins a new executive action.
And the court of appeals in Circuit A then declines to stay the injunction.
Meanwhile, a district court in Circuit B does not enjoin that new
executive action, and the court of appeals in Circuit B also declines to
enjoin it. Both cases come to this Court on applications for interim
relief -- one seeking a stay of injunction and one seeking an injunction. It
would not be particularly rational to deny a stay and leave the injunction
in place in Circuit A, and then to turn around and deny an injunction in
Circuit B on account of a purportedly higher standard for this Court to
grant injunctions rather than stays. The standards should mesh so that
this Court can ensure uniformity without regard to the happenstance of
how various courts of appeals and district courts ruled.
4 To obtain an interim stay or injunction, "an applicant must show (1) a

reasonable probability that four Justices will consider the issue
sufficiently meritorious to grant certiorari; (2) a fair prospect that a
majority of the Court will vote to reverse the judgment below; and (3) a
likelihood that irreparable harm will result from the denial" of the
application. Hollingsworth v. Perry, (2010) (per
curiam); see Tandon, 593 U. S., at 64. The Court may also consider
(4) the "balance" of "the equities" and "relative harms" to the parties.
Hollingsworth, 558 U. S., at 190.
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

II
It is sometimes suggested, however, that this Court
should adopt a policy of presumptively denying applications
for stays or injunctions -- even applications involving
significant new federal statutes or executive actions -- 
regardless of which way the various lower courts have
ruled. That suggestion is flawed, in my view, because it
would often leave an unworkable or intolerable patchwork
of federal law in place. And even in cases where there is no
patchwork -- for example, because an application comes to
us with a single nationwide class-action injunction -- what
if this Court thinks the lower court's decision is wrong? On
student loan forgiveness or the Clean Power Plan or
mifepristone or the travel bans, for example? Should we
have a rule of presumptively denying relief, thereby
allowing erroneous injunctions (or erroneous denials of
injunctions) of major new statutes and executive actions to
remain in place for several years, and thus severely
harming the Government and would-be beneficiaries of (or
regulated parties under) those new statutes and executive
actions? I think not. And this Court's actions over the years
reflect that the Court thinks not.
Unless and until this Court grants or denies an
application for stay or injunction, tremendous uncertainty
may surround the interim legal status of the new federal
statute or executive action throughout the country. The
statute or executive action may be in effect in some places
but not others, for some businesses but not others, for some
Americans but not others. That temporary geographic,
organizational, and individual variation in federal law
might not warrant this Court's intervention in run-of-the-
mill cases -- which is why it makes sense that this Court
denies applications for interim relief when the Court is
unlikely to later grant certiorari. See Does 1 -- 3 v. Mills, 595
U. S. ___, ___ (2021) (BARRETT, J., concurring in denial of
application for injunctive relief ). But in cases involving
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

major new federal statutes or executive actions, uniformity
is often essential or at least sensible and prudent. In those
kinds of cases, disuniformity -- even if only for a few years
or less -- can be chaotic. And such chaos is not good for the
law or the country.
One of this Court's roles, in justiciable cases, is to resolve
major legal questions of national importance and ensure
uniformity of federal law. So a default policy of off-loading
to lower courts the final word on whether to green-light or
block major new federal statutes and executive actions for
the several-year interim until a final ruling on the merits
would seem to amount to an abdication of this Court's
proper role.
Some might object that this Court is not well equipped to
make those significant decisions -- namely, decisions about
the interim status of a major new federal statute or
executive action -- on an expedited basis. But district courts
and courts of appeals are likewise not perfectly equipped to
make expedited preliminary judgments on important
matters of this kind. Yet they have to do so, and so do we.
By law, federal courts are open and can receive and review
applications for relief 24/7/365. See 28 U. S. C. ("All
courts of the United States shall be deemed always open for
the purpose of filing proper papers... and making motions
and orders"). And this Court has procedural tools that can
help us make the best possible interim decision in the
limited time available -- administrative stays, additional
briefing, amicus briefs, oral argument, certiorari before
judgment, and the like. On top of that, this Court has nine
Justices, each of whom can (and does) consult and
deliberate with the other eight to help the Court determine
the best answer, unlike a smaller three-judge court of
appeals panel or one-judge district court. And this Court
also will have the benefit of the prior decisions in the case
at hand from the court of appeals and the district court.
Some might argue that preliminary disputes over the
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

legality of major new statutes and executive actions can
draw this Court into difficult or controversial matters
earlier than we might like, as distinct from what happens
on our slower-moving merits docket. That is an
understandable concern. But when it comes to the interim
status of major new federal statutes and executive actions,
it is often important for reasons of clarity, stability, and
uniformity that this Court be the decider. And Members of
the Court have life tenure so that we can make tough calls
without fear or favor. As with the merits docket, the Court's
role in resolving applications for interim relief is to
neutrally referee each matter based on the relevant legal
standard. Avoiding controversial or difficult decisions on
those applications is neither feasible nor appropriate.
Some might also worry that an early or rushed decision
on an application could "lock in" the Court's assessment of
the merits and subtly deter the Court from later making a
different final decision. But in deciding applications for
interim relief involving major new statutes or executive
actions, we often have no choice but to make a preliminary
assessment of likelihood of success on the merits; after all,
in cases of that sort, the other relevant factors (irreparable
harm and the equities) are often very weighty on both sides.
See Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024)
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 
4). Moreover, judges strive to make the correct decision
based on current information notwithstanding any previous
assessment of the merits earlier in the litigation. It is not
uncommon to think and decide differently when one knows
more. This Court has done so in the past, see West Virginia
Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943), and
undoubtedly will continue to do so in the future.
To reiterate, this Court should not insert itself into run-
of-the-mill preliminary-injunction cases where we are not
likely to grant certiorari down the road. But determining
the nationally uniform interim legal status for several years
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

of, say, the Clean Power Plan or Title IX regulations or
mifepristone rules is a role that the American people
appropriately expect this Court -- and not only the courts of
appeals or district courts -- to fulfill.
* * *
The volume of preliminary-injunction and other pre-
enforcement litigation over new federal laws and executive
actions coming to this Court has been growing in recent
years. That trend is in part the result of the increasing
number of major new executive actions by recent
Presidential administrations (of both political parties) that
have had difficulty passing significant new legislation
through Congress. Meanwhile, applications for stays or
injunctions in capital-punishment cases, election disputes,
and other time-sensitive matters (including numerous
COVID -- 19-related disputes in the few years beginning in
2020) have also continued to come to this Court on a steady
basis, as they traditionally have.
Although the volume of applications has increased, the
Court's responsibility for deciding consequential
applications for stays or injunctions is not new. See, e.g.,
West Virginia v. EPA, (2016) (temporarily
enjoining Clean Power Plan); Purcell v. Gonzalez, (2006) (per curiam) (vacating injunction pending appeal
regarding state voter ID law); Rubin v. United States, (1998) (Rehnquist, C. J., in chambers) (denying
stay pending certiorari of order enforcing subpoenas to
Secret Service agents regarding their observations of the
President); Schlesinger v. Holtzman, (1973)
(Marshall, J., in chambers) (staying District Court's
injunction that had ordered a halt to bombing in
Cambodia); Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, 589 (1952) (after expedited oral argument,
affirming District Court's preliminary injunction that
proscribed seizure of steel mills by government); cf.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

Rosenberg v. United States, -- 285 (1953)
(vacating stay of execution of the Rosenbergs).
Today's decision on district court injunctions will not
affect this Court's vitally important responsibility to resolve
applications for stays or injunctions with respect to major
new federal statutes and executive actions. Deciding those
applications is not a distraction from our job. It is a critical
part of our job. With that understanding, I join the Court's
opinion in full.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
Children born in the United States and subject to its laws
are United States citizens. That has been the legal rule
since the founding, and it was the English rule well before
then. This Court once attempted to repudiate it, holding in
Dred Scott v. Sandford, 19 How. 393 (1857), that the chil-
dren of enslaved black Americans were not citizens. To
remedy that grievous error, Congress passed in 1866 and
the States ratified in 1868 the Fourteenth Amendment's
Citizenship Clause, which enshrined birthright citizenship in
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the Constitution. There it has remained, accepted and re-
spected by Congress, by the Executive, and by this Court.
Until today.
It is now the President who attempts, in an Executive Or-
der (Order or Citizenship Order), to repudiate birthright
citizenship. Every court to evaluate the Order has deemed
it patently unconstitutional and, for that reason, has en-
joined the Federal Government from enforcing it. Unde-
terred, the Government now asks this Court to grant emer-
gency relief, insisting it will suffer irreparable harm unless
it can deprive at least some children born in the United
States of citizenship. See Protecting the Meaning and
Value of American Citizenship, Exec. Order No. 14160, 90
Fed. Reg. 8849 (2025).
The Government does not ask for complete stays of the
injunctions, as it ordinarily does before this Court. Why?
The answer is obvious: To get such relief, the Government
would have to show that the Order is likely constitutional,
an impossible task in light of the Constitution's text, his-
tory, this Court's precedents, federal law, and Executive
Branch practice. So the Government instead tries its hand
at a different game. It asks this Court to hold that, no mat-
ter how illegal a law or policy, courts can never simply tell
the Executive to stop enforcing it against anyone. Instead,
the Government says, it should be able to apply the Citizen-
ship Order (whose legality it does not defend) to everyone
except the plaintiffs who filed this lawsuit.
The gamesmanship in this request is apparent and the
Government makes no attempt to hide it. Yet, shamefully,
this Court plays along. A majority of this Court decides that
these applications, of all cases, provide the appropriate oc-
casion to resolve the question of universal injunctions and
end the centuries-old practice once and for all. In its rush
to do so the Court disregards basic principles of equity as
well as the long history of injunctive relief granted to non-
parties.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

No right is safe in the new legal regime the Court creates.
Today, the threat is to birthright citizenship. Tomorrow, a
different administration may try to seize firearms from law-
abiding citizens or prevent people of certain faiths from
gathering to worship. The majority holds that, absent cum-
bersome class-action litigation, courts cannot completely
enjoin even such plainly unlawful policies unless doing so
is necessary to afford the formal parties complete relief.
That holding renders constitutional guarantees meaningful
in name only for any individuals who are not parties to a
lawsuit. Because I will not be complicit in so grave an at-
tack on our system of law, I dissent.
I
The majority ignores entirely whether the President's Ex-
ecutive Order is constitutional, instead focusing only on the
question whether federal courts have the equitable author-
ity to issue universal injunctions. Yet the Order's patent
unlawfulness reveals the gravity of the majority's error and
underscores why equity supports universal injunctions as
appropriate remedies in this kind of case. As every conceiv-
able source of law confirms, birthright citizenship is the law
of the land.
A
The Citizenship Clause provides that "[a]ll persons born
or naturalized in the United States and subject to the juris-
diction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the
State wherein they reside." U. S. Const., Amdt. 14,.
That means what it says. Nestled in the Fourteenth
Amendment alongside the Equal Protection Clause, the
Citizenship Clause does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, ethnicity, religion, or, importantly here, parent-
age. It refers instead to "[a]ll persons born or naturalized
in the United States." Ibid.
Besides birth, there is only one condition: that one be
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

"subject to the jurisdiction" of the United States. Yet that
condition too leaves no room for ambiguity. To be "subject
to the jurisdiction" of the United States means simply to be
bound to its authority and its laws. See N. Webster, An
American Dictionary of the English Language 732 (C.
Goodrich & N. Porter eds. 1865) (defining jurisdiction as the
"[p]ower of governing or legislating," or "the power or right
of exercising authority"). As the Government would pre-
sumably concede, virtually everyone born in the United
States and present in its territory is subject to its authority
and its laws. After all, "[t]he jurisdiction of the nation
within its own territory is necessarily exclusive and abso-
lute." Schooner Exchange v. McFaddon, 7 Cranch 116, 136
(1812) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). Once a citizen of an-
other nation steps onto United States soil, she is (with nar-
row exception) "amenable to the jurisdiction" of the United
States. Id., at 144. That is why "no plausible distinction
with respect to Fourteenth Amendment 'jurisdiction' can be
drawn between resident aliens whose entry into the United
States was lawful, and resident aliens whose entry was un-
lawful." Plyler v. Doe, (1982).
Few constitutional questions can be answered by resort
to the text of the Constitution alone, but this is one. The
Fourteenth Amendment guarantees birthright citizenship.
B
Unsurprisingly given the clarity of the Citizenship
Clause's text, every other source of interpretation confirms
this conclusion. Consider, first, its history. Long before the
Fourteenth Amendment, and indeed before the founding,
the common-law rule of jus soli (literally, right of the soil)
governed English citizenship. That rule rendered a per-
son's birthplace determinative of her citizenship status.
Thus, "the children of aliens, born... in England," gener-
ally were "natural-born subjects, and entitled to all the
privileges of such." 1 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Laws of England 361 -- 362 (1765); see also H. Broom & G.
Denman, Constitutional Law Viewed in Relation to Com-
mon Law 31 (2d ed. 1885) (describing Calvin's Case (1608),
which established that "[e]very one born within the domin-
ions of the King of England... is... entitled to enjoy all
the rights and liberties of an Englishman").
That English common-law rule carried over to the United
States after the founding. Shortly after the Constitution's
ratification, James Madison observed that "it [was] an es-
tablished maxim that birth is a criterion of allegiance," i.e.,
of citizenship. 1 Annals of Cong. 404 (1789). Birth, he ex-
plained, could convey citizenship in two ways: either
through "place" (under the "right of the soil" principle) or
through "parentage" (as for one born to United States citi-
zens). Ibid. "[B]ut, in general," Madison explained, "place
is the most certain criterion" and "it is what applies in the
United States." Ibid. Mere decades later, Justice Story
wrote that "[n]othing is better settled... than the doctrine
that the children even of aliens born in a country... are
subjects by birth." Inglis v. Trustees of Sailor's Snug Har-
bour in City of New York, 3 Pet. 99, 164 (1830). Well before
the Fourteenth Amendment, then, it was the undisputed
"law of the United States [that] every person born within
the dominions and allegiance of the United States, what-
ever were the situation of his parents, is a natural born cit-
izen." Lynch v. Clarke, 1 Sand. Ch. 583, 663 (N. Y. Ch.
1844).
Though the law was clear, the Nation did not always live
up to its promise. Infamously, this Court departed from the
birthright citizenship principle in Dred Scott, 19 How. 393,
holding that the children of enslaved black Americans "are
not included, and were not intended to be included, under
the word 'citizens' in the Constitution." Id., at 404. Follow-
ing the Civil War, the Reconstruction Congress corrected
that grave error. Section 1 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866,
14 Stat. 27, declared that "all persons born in the United
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

States and not subject to any foreign power" would be "citi-
zens of the United States." The Fourteenth Amendment's
guarantee of birthright citizenship followed two years later.
The lawmakers who ratified the Fourteenth Amendment
understood that it would extend citizenship to all children
born here, regardless of parental citizenship. Indeed, some
objected to its passage on those grounds, complaining that
it would permanently extend citizenship to immigrants who
"invade [state] borders" and "settle as trespassers." Cong.
Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess., 2891 (1866). Proponents
agreed, if not with the anti-immigrant sentiment, that the
Clause would extend citizenship to the children of immi-
grants. For example, Senator Conness of California (one of
the Amendment's lead supporters) confirmed on the floor
"that the children born here of Mongolian parents shall be
declared by the Constitution of the United States to be en-
titled to civil rights and to equal protection before the law."
Id., at 2892. "We have declared that by law" in the Civil
Rights Act, he explained, and "now it is proposed to incor-
porate the same provision in the fundamental instrument
of the nation." Id., at 2891. Not one Senator disagreed with
this understanding of the Clause.
In the end, "[t]he Citizenship Clause was no legal inno-
vation." J. Ho, Defining "American": Birthright Citizenship
and the Original Understanding of the 14th Amendment, 9
Green Bag 2d 367, 369 (2006); see also id., at 368 ("Birth-
right citizenship is guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amend-
ment. That birthright is protected no less for children of
undocumented persons than for descendants of Mayflower
passengers"). "It simply restored the longstanding English
common law doctrine of jus soli" abrogated by Dred Scott.
Ho, 9 Green Bag 2d, at 369; see also M. Ramsey, Original-
ism and Birthright Citizenship, 109 Geo. L. J. 405, 472
(2020) (The "central purpose" of the Citizenship Clause
"was, of course, to overrule Dred Scott").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

C
Following the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment,
this Court confirmed the Amendment's plain meaning in
United States v. Wong Kim Ark, (1898). At
issue was the citizenship of Wong Kim Ark, a young Cali-
fornia resident born in San Francisco to Chinese immigrant
parents. Id., at 652. When Wong returned to California
from a trip to China, a custom's collector denied him entry
on the sole ground that he was not a citizen of the United
States. Id., at 653.
This Court held that "[t]he Fourteenth Amendment af-
firms the ancient and fundamental rule of citizenship by
birth within the territory." Id., at 693. As the President
does today, the Government in Wong Kim Ark rested its
case on the Clause's sole qualifier. Wong was not subject to
the jurisdiction of the United States, the Government
claimed, because at birth his parents were aliens in the
United States who were "subjects of the emperor of China,"
thus making Wong a subject of the emperor of China as
well. Id., at 652 -- 653. This Court squarely rejected that
attempt to limit the Citizenship Clause's reach. Instead, it
held, the " 'subject to the jurisdiction' " qualifier excludes
only "children born of alien enemies in hostile occupation,
and children of diplomatic representatives of a foreign
State," id., at 682, "with the single additional exception of
children of members of the Indian tribes owing direct alle-
giance to their several tribes," id., at 693.1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The first two exceptions "ha[d] already been shown, by the law of Eng-

land and by our own law, from the time of the first settlement of the
English colonies in America, [to be] recognized exceptions to the funda-
mental rule of citizenship by birth within the country." Wong Kim Ark,
169 U. S., at 682. The additional exception for certain children born to
Indian tribe members reflected the country's historical understanding
that Indian tribes were "quasi foreign nations" within the physical
boundaries of the United States. See Cong. Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess.,
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

That holding conclusively settled any remaining dispute
over the Citizenship Clause's meaning. Since then, all
three branches of Government have unflinchingly adhered
to it.
This Court, for one, has repeatedly reaffirmed Wong Kim
Ark's holding. Notwithstanding legislation purporting to
render Japanese persons "ineligible" for citizenship, we
held in Morrison v. California, (1934), that a
child with Japanese parents "is a citizen of the United
States if he was born within the United States." Id., at 85.
The Court recognized the same rule even during World War
II, when individuals of Japanese ancestry were subject to
curfew and exclusion orders. See Hirabayashi v. United
States, -- 97 (1943). So too has the Court
recognized that the child of parents unlawfully present in
the United States "is, of course, an American citizen by
birth." United States ex rel. Hintopoulos v. Shaughnessy,
(1957). The same is true of children whose
parents gained admission into the United States by unlaw-
ful means. See, e.g., INS v. Errico, -- 216
(1966); INS v. Rios-Pineda, (1985).
Congress, for its part, has also reaffirmed the principles
of birthright citizenship by enshrining it in a federal stat-
ute. Section 201 of the Nationality Act of 1940 provides that
all those "born in the United States, and subject to the ju-
risdiction thereof," "shall be nationals and citizens of the
United States at birth." 8 U. S. C. ; see also Tag-
gart v. Lorenzen, (2019) (recognizing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2890 (1866). Treaties between many tribes and the Federal Government,
at the time, ensured that it was the tribe, and not the United States Gov-
ernment, that had "prescriptive and law enforcement authority" over
tribal members. M. Ramsey, Originalism and Birthright Citizenship,
109 Geo. L. J. 405, 443 -- 444 (2020); see id., at 442 -- 444. Congress even-
tually extended birthright citizenship to tribal members born in the
United States in 1924. See Indian Citizenship Act of 1924, ch. 233, 43
Stat. 253, 8 U. S. C.. These exceptions are not at issue in these
cases.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

"longstanding interpretive principle" that if statutory term
" 'is "obviously transplanted from another legal source," it
"brings the old soil with it" ' ").
For at least the last century, the Executive Branch has
adhered to the same principle. When Congress proposed to
reaffirm birthright citizenship in the 1940 Nationality Act,
cabinet officials described it as "a statement of the common-
law rule, which has been in the United States from the be-
ginning of its existence." House Committee on Immigration
and Naturalization, Nationality Laws of the United States,
76th Cong., 1st Sess., 7 (Comm. Print 1939). Indeed, the
Government concedes even now that the Executive Branch
has recognized the vitality of birthright citizenship "at least
back to World War II, if not earlier." App. to Opposition to
Application in No. 24A886, p. 323a. That explains, among
other things, why the Social Security Administration and
the Department of State have long accepted proof of one's
birthplace as proof of citizenship. See 44 Fed. Reg. 10369,
10371 (1979); 20 CFR.107(d), 422.103(c)(2) (2024); 22
CFR.40, 51.42 (2024).
Some decades ago, the Office of Legal Counsel was asked
to respond to a House bill that would have denied birthright
citizenship to " 'children born in the United States to par-
ents who are not citizens or permanent resident aliens.' " 19
Op. OLC 340, 341 (1995). The answer well summed up the
state of the law: This "office grapples with many difficult
and close issues of constitutional law. The lawfulness of
this bill is not among them. This legislation is unquestion-
ably unconstitutional." Ibid.
II
A
Undeterred by the Constitution, history, Supreme Court
precedent, federal law, and longstanding Executive Branch
practice, President Donald J. Trump issued Executive Or-
der No. 14160 on the day of his inauguration that purported
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

to redefine American citizenship. The Order declares that
United States citizenship does not extend to persons who
are born to a mother unlawfully present in the United
States, or lawfully present on a temporary basis, and a fa-
ther who is neither a citizen nor lawful permanent resident.
Ibid. It further prohibits federal agencies from issuing cit-
izenship documentation to such persons or accepting state
documentation to that effect, and it directs a slew of federal
officials to conform agency regulations to the Order. Id., at
8449 -- 8450. The prohibition, according to the Order, ap-
plies "only to persons who are born within the United States
after 30 days from the date of th[e] order." Id., at 8449.
B
Shortly after the President issued the Citizenship Order,
several groups of plaintiffs (together, respondents) chal-
lenged the Order in Federal District Courts in Maryland,
Massachusetts, and Washington. Respondents include: a
group of pregnant women2 whose children will not be
United States citizens under the terms of the Citizenship
Order; two immigrants-rights organizations with thou-
sands of members across the country who are likely to give
birth to children who would also be denied citizenship un-
der the Order; and 22 States, the District of Columbia, and
the city of San Francisco. In their respective suits, respond-
ents asserted that the Citizenship Order violates the Four-
teenth Amendment and.
Respondents also sought a preliminary injunction bar-
ring enforcement of the Citizenship Order during the pen-
dency of the litigation. If allowed to go into effect, they said,
the policy would inflict irreparable harm on their children

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Two of these women seek to represent a class of pregnant women and

children residing in Washington State, who are affected by the Citizen-
ship Order. See Complaint in No. 2:25 -- cv -- 00127 (WD Wash., Feb. 4,
2025), ECF Doc. 106. The District Court has yet to rule on the certifica-
tion of that putative class.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(and their members' children) by denying them "enjoyment
of the full privileges, rights, and benefits that come with
U. S. citizenship," and rendering them vulnerable to unlaw-
ful deportation before the Courts could adjudicate their con-
stitutional claim. Complaint in No. 8:25 -- cv -- 00201 (D Md.,
Jan. 21, 2025), p. 6, ¶12; see also Complaint in No. 2:25 -- cv -- 
00127 (WD Wash., Feb. 4, 2025), ECF Doc. 106, pp. 33 -- 36,
¶¶120 -- 139 (Washington Complaint).
As for the States, they attested that enforcement of the
Citizenship Order would cost them millions of dollars in
federal funding and impose significant administrative bur-
dens. The States "administer numerous programs for the
benefit of their residents, including for newborns and young
children, some of whom are wards of the plaintiff States
who are entitled to care by statute." Id., at 23, ¶79. Those
social welfare programs include ones provided for by state
law, as well as ones established by federal law, such as Med-
icaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program: Sev-
eral of them "are funded in part by federal dollars, with fed-
eral funding frequently tied to the citizenship and
immigration status of the individuals served." Ibid. By
stripping some children within the States of their citizen-
ship, the Order would reduce the States' federal funding,
"forc[ing the States] to bear significantly increased costs to
operate and fund programs that ensure the health and well-
being of their residents." Id., at 6, ¶8, 4 -- 5, ¶6; see also Op-
position to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jersey), pp. 9 -- 
11; Complaint in No. 1:25 -- cv -- 10139 (D Mass., Jan. 21,
2025), pp. 23 -- 42, ¶¶121 -- 201. Relatedly, because the States
must verify the citizenship status of the individuals they
serve, the States alleged that the Citizenship Order would
force them to expend significant sums to "modif[y] their...
operational structures and administration" to account for
the changes in citizenship. Washington Complaint 6, ¶8;
see also Opposition to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jer-
sey), at 9 -- 11.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

All three District Courts preliminarily enjoined enforce-
ment of the Citizenship Order. Each court determined that
the Citizenship Order was likely unlawful, that respond-
ents were likely to face irreparable harm without an injunc-
tion, and that the equities and public interest cut decisively
in respondents' favor. See 763 F. Supp. 3d 723, 727, 744 -- 
745 (Md. 2025); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142, 1152 -- 1153 (WD
Wash. 2025); Doe v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d 266, 274, 285 -- 
287 (Mass. 2025).
The District Courts further determined that only injunc-
tions blocking the Citizenship Order's enforcement nation-
wide would completely redress respondents' injuries. For
the organizational plaintiffs, the Maryland District Court
explained that those plaintiffs have " 'over 680,000 mem-
bers... who reside in all 50 U.S. states' " and "hundreds of
them expect to give birth soon." 763 F. Supp. 3d, at 746.
The Washington District Court found that "a geograph-
ically limited injunction would be ineffective" for the state
plaintiffs "as it would not completely relieve [the States] of
the Order's financial burden(s)." 765 F. Supp. 3d, at 1153.
For one thing, that court explained, the constant flow of
people moving in and out of various States meant some chil-
dren born to noncitizen parents in a nonplaintiff State
would later reside in a plaintiff State. Once there, those
children (under state law) would be eligible for state bene-
fits. Yet due to the Citizenship Order, the plaintiff States
would no longer receive federal funding to support those
benefits. In addition, the plaintiff States would have to cre-
ate an entirely new administrative and recordkeeping sys-
tem to accommodate children who were not citizens under
the Order and born in a nonplaintiff State. So if the District
Court allowed birthright citizenship to continue for chil-
dren born in the plaintiff States, but not in any other State,
that would not completely redress the States' financial in-
jury. Ibid.
For identical reasons, the Massachusetts District Court
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

also found that the state plaintiffs' injuries could be re-
dressed only by a universal injunction. See 766 F. Supp.
3d, at 288 ("The harms [the States] have established stem
from the [Order's] impact on the citizenship status -- and
the ability to discern or verify such status -- for any child
located or seeking various services within their jurisdic-
tion").
The Government filed motions to stay the injunctions in
three separate Courts of Appeals. Nowhere did the Govern-
ment contest the District Courts' uniform holdings that the
Citizenship Order likely violated the Constitution. Instead,
it challenged only the scope of the ordered relief, arguing
that the injunctions should be narrowed to block the Order's
enforcement against only the individual persons named in
the complaints.
All three appellate courts denied the Government's re-
quest and left the preliminary injunctions intact. See 131
F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025); 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025);
2025 WL 553485 (CA9, Feb. 19, 2025). The Fourth Circuit,
which reviewed the preliminary injunction issued to the or-
ganizational plaintiffs, concluded that "[t]he district court... carefully explained why an injunction limited to the par-
ties -- including organizations with hundreds of thousands
of members nationwide -- would be unworkable in practice
and thus fail to provide complete relie[f] to the plaintiffs."
2025 WL 654902, *1. The First and Ninth Circuits left un-
disturbed the Massachusetts and Washington District
Courts' respective determinations that only universal in-
junctions would fully redress the States' injuries. See 131
F. 4th, 42 -- 43; 2025 WL 553485, *1.
On March 13, the Government filed emergency applica-
tions with this Court requesting partial stays of the three
preliminary injunctions of the Citizenship Order. The Gov-
ernment renews its contention that the injunctions must be
narrowed to benefit only formal parties in these cases.
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

III
In partially granting the Government's remarkable re-
quest, the Court distorts well-established equitable princi-
ples several times over. A stay, this Court has said, " 'is not
a matter of right,' " but rather " 'an exercise of judicial dis-
cretion.' " Nken v. Holder, (2009). For
centuries, courts have "close[d] the doors" of equity to those
"tainted with inequitableness or bad faith relative to the
matter in which [they] seek relief." Precision Instrument
Mfg. Co. v. Automotive Maintenance Machinery Co., (1945). Yet the majority throws the doors of
equity open to the Government in a case where it seeks to
undo a fundamental and clearly established constitutional
right. The Citizenship Order's patent unlawfulness is rea-
son enough to deny the Government's applications.
The Government also falls well short of satisfying its bur-
den to show that it will likely suffer irreparable harm ab-
sent a stay and that it will likely succeed on the merits of
its challenge to the scope of the injunctions. Nken, 556
U. S., at 434 -- 435. The Executive Branch has respected
birthright citizenship for well over a century, and it ad-
vances no plausible reason why maintaining the status quo
while the litigation proceeds would cause it irrevocable
harm. Nor could it, for the Constitution and federal law
prohibit the enforcement of the Citizenship Order.
For all that, moreover, the Government is not even cor-
rect on the merits of universal injunctions. To the contrary,
universal injunctions are consistent with long-established
principles of equity, once respected by this Court. What is
more, these cases do not even squarely present the legality
of universal injunctions. That is because, even if the major-
ity were right that injunctions can only offer "complete re-
lief to the plaintiffs before the court," ante, at 17, each of the
lower courts here correctly determined that the nationwide
relief they issued was necessary to remedy respondents' in-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

juries completely. So even ignoring the traditional stay fac-
tors and accepting the majority's view of the merits, there
is no reason to grant relief in these cases.
A
It is a bedrock principle that parties who request a stay
must show they will likely suffer irreparable harm absent
such relief. Indeed, "[t]he authority to grant stays has his-
torically been justified by the perceived need 'to prevent ir-
reparable injury to the parties or to the public' pending re-
view." Nken, 556 U. S., at 432 ). Thus, an appar-
ent likelihood of success on the merits never suffices on its
own to justify this Court's intervention: Our emergency
docket is not a mechanism for an expedited appeal. Accord-
ingly, "this Court can avoid delving into the merits" "[i]f the
[applicant does not] demonstrat[e] an irreparable injury."
Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J.,
concurring in grant of stay) ; contra, ante, at
8 -- 11 (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring).
What grave harm does the Executive face that prompts a
majority of this Court to grant it relief? The answer, the
Government says, is the inability to enforce the Citizenship
Order against nonparties. For the majority, that answer
suffices. See ante, at 24 ("When a federal court enters a
universal injunction against the Government, it 'im-
proper[ly] intrude[s]' on 'a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment' and prevents the Government from enforcing its pol-
icies against nonparties").
The problem, however, is that the Executive Branch has
no right to enforce the Citizenship Order against anyone.
As the Executive itself once put it, the Order is "unques-
tionably unconstitutional." Supra, at 9. It defies logic to
say that maintaining a centuries-long status quo for a few
months longer will irreparably injure the Government. See
Starbucks Corp. v. McKinney, -- 346
16 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(2024) (The "purpose" of equitable relief " 'is merely to pre-
serve the relative positions of the parties until a trial on the
merits can be held' "). The President's "mandate... to ex-
ercise his executive power," Myers v. United States, (1926), in any event, does not permit him to
rewrite the Constitution or statutory provisions at a whim.
By forging ahead and granting relief to the Government an-
yway, this Court endorses the radical proposition that the
President is harmed, irreparably, whenever he cannot do
something he wants to do, even if what he wants to do is
break the law.
The majority claims that it can sidestep "analysis of the
Executive Order" altogether because (in its view) every
overbroad injunction necessarily causes irreparable harm
sufficient to warrant emergency intervention. Ante, at 24.
Yet where a purportedly overbroad injunction orders the
Government to do only what this Court has expressly held
it is required to do, it is hard to see how it could cause any
harm. At oral argument, the Government conceded it was
bound to follow this Court's precedent. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
62 -- 63. This Court's precedent establishes beyond a shade
of doubt that the Executive Order is unconstitutional. See
supra, at 3 -- 9. Thus, by enjoining the Government from vi-
olating settled law, the District Courts' orders do not cause
the Government any harm.
The majority's contrary position is self-refuting. Suppose
an executive order barred women from receiving unemploy-
ment benefits or black citizens from voting. Is the Govern-
ment irreparably harmed, and entitled to emergency relief,
by a district court order universally enjoining such policies?
The majority, apparently, would say yes.
Nothing in this Court's precedents supports that result.
It turns one of the " 'most critical' factors we must consider
in deciding whether to grant a stay" into a box-checking ex-
ercise whenever the relevant enjoined action is an executive
one. Trump v. International Refugee Assistance Project, 582
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

U. S. 571, 584 (2017) (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and
dissenting in part). Even accepting that "[a]ny time a State
is enjoined by a court from effectuating statutes enacted by
representatives of its people, it suffers a form of irreparable
injury," Maryland v. King, (2012)
(ROBERTS, C. J., in chambers), that democratic considera-
tion cuts against the Government in these cases. Through
the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment, Congress
and the States constitutionalized birthright citizenship.
Congress also codified birthright citizenship in. It
is thus the Citizenship Order, not the District Courts' in-
junctions, that prevents the " 'effectuat[ion]' " of a constitu-
tional amendment and repeals a " 'statut[e] enacted by rep-
resentatives of [the American] people.' " Id., at 1303.
Simply put, it strains credulity to treat the Executive
Branch as irreparably harmed by injunctions that direct it
to continue following settled law. "All the officers of the
government, from the highest to the lowest, are creatures
of the law and are bound to obey it." United States v. Lee,
(1882); but see Trump v. United States,
(2024). The injunctions do no more harm to
the Executive than the Constitution and federal law do.
B
A majority of this Court nonetheless rushes to address
the merits of the Government's applications, holding that
universal injunctions "likely exceed the equitable authority
that Congress has granted to federal courts." Ante, at 1 -- 2.
A majority that has repeatedly pledged its fealty to "history
and tradition" thus eliminates an equitable power firmly
grounded in centuries of equitable principles and practice.
By stripping all federal courts, including itself, of that
power, the Court kneecaps the Judiciary's authority to stop
the Executive from enforcing even the most unconstitu-
tional policies. That runs directly counter to the point of
equity: empowering courts to do complete justice, including
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

through flexible remedies that have historically benefited
parties and nonparties alike.
1
A brief recounting of equity's history demonstrates the
majority's grave error. The American legal system grew out
of English law, which had two primary judicial institutions:
the common-law courts and equity courts. Equity courts
arose because of the inflexibility of the common-law system;
their purpose was to look beyond formal writs and provide
remedies where the common law gave inadequate relief. In
Blackstone's words, equity was meant "to give remedy in
cases where none before was administered." 3 Commen-
taries on the Laws of England, at 50.
Adaptability has always been a hallmark of equity, espe-
cially with regard to the scope of its remedies. While com-
mon-law courts were "compelled to limit their inquiry to the
very parties in the litigation before them," equity courts
could "adjust the rights of all, however numerous," and
"adapt their decrees to all the varieties of circumstances,
which may arise, and adjust them to all the peculiar rights
of all the parties in interest." J. Story, Commentaries on
Equity Jurisprudence, pp. 27 -- 28 (2d ed. 1839). After
all, equity's "constant aim" was "to do complete justice." J.
Story, Commentaries on Equity Pleadings, p. 74 (2d ed.
1840). Accordingly, equity courts could "decid[e] upon and
settl[e] the rights of all persons interested in the subject-
matter of the suit, so that the performance of the decree of
the Court may be perfectly safe to those, who are compelled
to obey it, and also, that future litigation may be pre-
vented." Ibid.
For equity courts, injunctions were "manifestly indispen-
sable for the purposes of social justice in a great variety of
cases." Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227. Unlike this Court, then, those courts "con-
stantly decline[d] to lay down any rule which shall limit
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

their power and discretion as to the particular cases, in
which such injunctions shall be granted, or withheld." Ibid.
Justice Story underscored the "wisdom in this course": Eq-
uity courts needed flexibility to craft injunctions for partic-
ular cases, as it was "impossible to foresee all the exigencies
of society which may require their aid and assistance to pro-
tect rights or redress wrongs." Ibid.
In their pursuit of complete justice, equity courts could
award injunctive and other equitable relief to parties and
nonparties alike. For centuries, they did so through what
was known as "bills of peace." If a plaintiff or group of
plaintiffs filed such a bill, an English court could use a sin-
gle case to settle disputes affecting whole communities, for
"the inherent jurisdiction of equity" included the power "to
interfere for the prevention of a multiplicity of suits." 1 J.
Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, p. 278 (1881). Bills
of peace issued in cases " 'where the parties [were] very nu-
merous, and the court perceive[d] that it [would] be almost
impossible to bring them all before the court; or where the
question is of general interest, and a few may sue for the
benefit of the whole.' " Ortiz v. Fibreboard Corp., (1999) (CC RI 1820) (Story, J.)). In such cases, a
court could "grant [equitable relief] without making other
persons parties," instead considering them "quasi parties to
the record, at least for the purpose of taking the benefit of
the decree, and of entitling themselves to other equitable
relief, if their rights [were] jeopard[iz]ed." Id., at 723.
Early American courts embraced bills of peace and ex-
tended their logic to cases "which [were] not technically
'bills of peace,' but '[were] analogous to,' or 'within the prin-
ciple' of such bills." 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence,
at 293. One example was taxpayer suits, which allowed
courts to enjoin universally the enforcement of a challenged
tax. Sometimes, such suits were filed "by any number of
taxpayers joined as co-plaintiffs, or by one taxpayer suing
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated." Id.,
at 277. But taxpayer suits were not always representative
in nature: Even "a single taxpayer suing on his own ac-
count," if victorious, could enjoin the collection of a tax
against anyone. Ibid. Individual plaintiffs, moreover, could
secure an order "to set aside and annul any and every illegal
public official action... whereby a debt... would be un-
lawfully created." Ibid. By allowing "complete and final
relief [to] be given to an entire community by means of one
judicial decree," American courts (like their English coun-
terparts) spared nonparties and themselves from the bur-
den of "an indefinite amount of separate litigation." Id., at
278.
Federal courts have also exercised equitable authority to
enjoin universally federal and state laws for more than a
century. For instance, before deciding the constitutionality
of a new federal law in Lewis Publishing Co. v. Morgan, (1913), this Court entered an order blocking the
law's enforcement against parties and nonparties. See M.
Sohoni, The Lost History of the "Universal" Injunction, 133
Harv. L. Rev. 920, 944 -- 946 (2020). In Lewis, two newspa-
per publishers challenged as unconstitutional a federal law
requiring publishers to file with the Postmaster General
twice-yearly disclosures about their editorial board mem-
bership, corporate ownership, and subscribership. Sohoni,
133 Harv. L. Rev., at 944. After the District Court upheld
the law and authorized a direct appeal to the Supreme
Court, one of the publishers moved for a restraining order.
The proposed order sought relief not only for the publisher
who filed it, but asked the Court to " 'restrai[n]' " the Post-
master General and other federal officials from enforcing
the law against " 'appellant and other newspaper publish-
ers.' " Id., at 946. This Court readily agreed, see Journal of
Commerce and Commercial Bulletin v. Burleson, (1913) (per curiam), even as it would have sufficed
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

for the movant publishers' sake to enjoin the Act's enforce-
ment against them alone pending their appeal.
In Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925), too,
this Court affirmed a universal injunction of Oregon's com-
pulsory public schooling law. See Sohoni, 133 Harv.
L. Rev., at 959 -- 962. Two private school owners challenged
that law in a suit against the Governor of Oregon and other
state officials. "The plaintiffs did not sue on behalf of a rep-
resented group or class; they sued for themselves, alleging
that the law was an unconstitutional interference with
their property rights." Id., at 959. Yet a three-judge federal
court awarded them a universal injunction. See id., at 960 -- 
961. This Court, in affirming that relief, twice described it
as "appropriate." Pierce, 268 U. S., at 530, 533. The Court
understood that the injunction it affirmed would provide re-
lief to nonparties, commenting that such relief was neces-
sary because enforcing the Act would result not only in the
"destruction of appellees' primary schools," but would also
destroy "perhaps all other private primary schools for nor-
mal children within the State of Oregon." Id., at 534.
Cases like Lewis and Pierce were not outliers. Through-
out the early 20th century, federal courts granted universal
injunctions even when a narrower remedy would have suf-
ficed to redress the parties' injuries. See, e.g., West Virginia
Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943) (affirming
an injunction that shielded the plaintiff class of Jehovah's
Witnesses, and any other children with religious scruples,
from complying with a state law requiring children to sa-
lute the American flag); see also Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev.,
at 943 -- 993 (collecting cases). It is certainly true that fed-
eral courts have granted more universal injunctions of fed-
eral laws in recent decades. But the issuance of broad eq-
uitable relief intended to benefit parties and nonparties has
deep roots in equity's history and in this Court's precedents.
The universal injunctions of the Citizenship Order fit
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

firmly within that tradition. The right to birthright citizen-
ship is "clear," the Citizenship Order is an " 'illegal act,' "
and without the " 'preventive process of injunction,' " the
right will be " 'irreparably injured.' " Arthur v. Oakes, 63 F.
310, 328 (CA7 1894) (Harlan, J.) (describing standard for
when an injunction should issue). It would be " 'almost im-
possible,' " moreover, " 'to bring all [affected individuals] be-
fore the court,' " Ortiz, 527 U. S., at 832, justifying the use
of one suit to settle the issue of the Citizenship Order's con-
stitutionality for all affected persons. See 1 Pomeroy, Eq-
uity Jurisprudence, at 450 -- 451. Complete justice, the
"constant aim" of equity, Story, Commentaries on Equity
Pleadings, at 74, demands a universal injunction: " 'the
only remedy which the law allows to prevent the commis-
sion' " of a flagrantly illegal policy. Arthur, 63 F., at 328.
The District Courts, by granting such relief, appropriately
"settle[d] the rights of all persons interested in the subject-
matter" of these suits, binding the Government so as to pre-
vent needless "future litigation." Story, Commentaries on
Equity Pleadings, at 74.
Of course, as a matter of equitable discretion, courts may
often have weighty reasons not to award universal relief.
Among other things, universal injunctions can prevent dif-
ferent district and appellate courts from considering the
same issues in parallel, forestalling the legal dialogue (or
"percolation") the federal system uses to answer difficult
questions correctly. Not so here, however, because the Cit-
izenship Order is patently unconstitutional under settled
law and a variety of district and appellate courts have re-
viewed the issue. So too can universal injunctions encour-
age forum shopping, by allowing preferred district judges in
a venue picked by one plaintiff to enjoin governmental pol-
icies nationwide. They also operate asymmetrically against
the Government, giving plaintiffs a litigation advantage: To
halt Government action everywhere, a plaintiff must win
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

only one universal injunction across many potential law-
suits. Yet this is not a scenario where granting universal
relief will encourage forum shopping or give plaintiffs the
upper hand. Quite the opposite: By awarding universal re-
lief below, the District Courts just ordered the Government
to do everywhere what any reasonable jurist would order
the Government to do anywhere.
There may be good reasons not to issue universal injunc-
tions in the typical case, when the merits are open to rea-
sonable disagreement and there is no claim of extraordi-
nary and imminent irreparable harm.3 See Story,
Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227 ("[In-
junctive relief] ought... to be guarded with extreme cau-
tion, and applied only in very clear cases"); cf. ante, at 13 (
"[The] use [of bills of peace] was confined to limited circum-
stances"). The universal injunctions in these cases, how-
ever, are more than appropriate. These injunctions, after
all, protect newborns from the exceptional, irreparable
harm associated with losing a foundational constitutional
right and its immediate benefits. They thus honor the most
basic value of our constitutional system: They keep the Gov-
ernment within the bounds of law. Marbury v. Madison, 1
Cranch 137, 163 (1803).
2
The majority's contrary reasoning falls flat. The majority
starts with the Judiciary Act of 1789, which gives federal
courts jurisdiction over "all suits... in equity.", 1 Stat.
78. In the majority's telling, universal injunctions are in-
consistent with equity jurisdiction because they are not
"sufficiently 'analogous' to the relief ' "exercised by the High
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 These prudential considerations, however, have nothing to do with

whether universal injunctions are consistent with historical equitable
principles and practice. Contra ante, at 21, ; but cf. ante, at 21
("[T]he policy pros and cons [of universal injunctions] are beside the
point").
24 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Court of Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution and the enactment of the original Judici-
ary Act." ' " Ante, at 6 ). In reaching that ahistorical result, the Court
claims that the English Chancellor's remedies were "typi-
cally" party specific, and emphasizes that party-specific
principles have permeated this Court's understanding of
equity. Ante, at 6 -- 9.
The majority's argument stumbles out the gate. As the
majority must itself concede, injunctions issued by English
courts of equity were "typically," but not always, party spe-
cific. Ante, at 7. After all, bills of peace, for centuries, al-
lowed English courts to adjudicate the rights of parties not
before it, and to award remedies intended to benefit entire
affected communities. Taxpayer suits, too, could lead to a
complete injunction of a tax, even when only a single plain-
tiff filed suit.
The majority seeks to distinguish bills of peace from uni-
versal injunctions by urging that the former (but not the
latter) typically applied to small and cohesive groups and
were representative in nature. See ante, at 13. Yet those
are distinctions without a difference. Equity courts had the
flexibility to "adapt their decrees to all the varieties of cir-
cumstances, which may arise, and adjust them to all the
peculiar rights of all the parties in interest." Story, Com-
mentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 28. There is no
equitable principle that caps the number of parties in inter-
est. Indeed, in taxpayer suits, a single plaintiff could get
the relief of "annul[ling] any and every kind of tax or as-
sessment" that applied to an entire "county, town, or city."
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 277.4 "[T]he in-
herent jurisdiction of equity to interfere for the prevention
of a multiplicity of suits," moreover, is what empowered
common law courts to issue bills of peace. Id., at 450 -- 451
(4th ed. 1918). That is why early American courts under-
stood taxpayer suits, in which even a "single taxpayer suing
on his own account" and not on behalf of others could secure
a total injunction, to be a natural extension of a bill of peace.
Id., at 277 (1881).5
It is also unclear why " 'cohesive[ness]' " or "representa-
tive[ness]" would preclude even those universal injunctions
that, like here, benefit a discrete and cohesive group. Ante,
at 13. The Citizenship Order itself applies only to a subset
group of newborn children: that is, children born to a
mother unlawfully or temporarily present, and a father who
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923), which addressed a tax-

payer's standing to challenge a federal appropriation, did not consider
how broadly a court could enjoin Government action and is therefore not
to the contrary. Id., at 488; contra, ante, at 15.
5 The majority asserts that taxpayer suits are an "inadequate historical

analogy" for a universal injunction, ante, at 14, but cannot dispute their
essential similarity: By providing relief to an entire affected community,
both do more than merely redress a plaintiff 's injuries. Instead, the ma-
jority says that single-plaintiff, nonrepresentative taxpayer suits cannot
be proper "historical" analogues because they trace only back to the "mid-
19th century." See ibid. Yet the same is true of plaintiff-protective in-
junctions against federal and state government officials, an equitable
remedy the majority embraces by reference to "a long line of cases au-
thorizing suits against State officials in certain circumstances" that
range from the cusp of the mid-19th century to the late mid-19th century.
Ante, at 11,. In any event, early American courts deemed taxpayer
suits " 'analogous to,' [and] 'within the principle of'... bills [of peace],' "
1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 293, which trace back to the
equitable practice of the English Chancery Court, ante, at 12. Nor is it
clear why it matters that individual taxpayer suits occurred in state
courts, or that those courts did not always award the broad injunctions
available to them. Contra, ante, at 15. The relevant question is simply
whether a court of equity could award injunctive relief to nonparties.
The answer to that question is, obviously, yes.
26 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

is neither a citizen nor lawful permanent resident. Those
mothers and fathers share "not only [a common] interest in
the question, but one in common in the subject-matter of
th[is] suit." Scott v. Donald, (1897). Nor
is there any doubt that at least the individual respondents
adequately represent the injunction's beneficiaries: Like all
affected parents, they "are necessarily interested in obtain-
ing the relief sought" to preserve their children's citizen-
ship. Emmons v. National Mut. Bldg. & Loan Assn. of NY,
135 F. 689, 691 (CA4 1905) (explaining the "well-known
doctrine of equity jurisprudence" that " 'the relief sought by
[a plaintiff]' " must be " 'beneficial to those whom he under-
takes to represent' " )). What was true of bills of peace is thus true of these
universal injunctions and universal injunctions generally,
too: Both allow courts to " 'adjudicate the rights of members
of dispersed groups without formally joining them to a law-
suit through the usual procedures.' " Ante, at 13.
That bills of peace bear some resemblance to modern day
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 class actions does not
mean they cannot also be a historical analogue to the uni-
versal injunction. Contra, ante, at 13 ("The bill of peace
lives in modern form" as the "modern class action... gov-
erned in federal court by Rule 23," "not as the universal in-
junction"). In the majority's view, Rule 23 class actions, but
not universal injunctions, would "be recognizable to an Eng-
lish Chancellor" because the limitations on class actions
mirror those that applied to bills of peace. Ante, at 14 (Rule
23 "requires numerosity (such that joinder is impractica-
ble), common questions of law or fact, typicality, and repre-
sentative parties who adequately protect the interests of
the class"); cf. supra, at 25 (explaining why the universal
injunctions in these cases are consistent with those limits).
To the extent that English Chancellors would care about
the differences between Rule 23 and universal injunctions,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the majority provides absolutely no reason to conclude they
would think the former permissible and not the latter. To
the contrary, unlike the Court today, the English Chancery
Court recognized that principles of equity permit granting
relief to nonparties. The history of bills of peace makes that
apparent, particularly because they went beyond what Rule
23 permits. See ante, at 13 -- 14 ("[T]he modern Rule 23 is in
some ways 'more restrictive of representative suits than the
original bills of peace' "). They are thus a common ancestor
to both class actions and universal injunctions.
In any event, nothing in Rule 23 purports to supplant or
modify federal courts' equitable authority under the Judici-
ary Act to grant relief to nonparties, nor could it. Contra,
ante, at 14. The majority frets that universal injunctions,
if permissible, will empower federal courts to create de facto
class actions at will, thereby circumventing Rule 23's pro-
cedural protections. Ibid. Those concerns, however, have
not been borne out in reality. Rule 23 has coexisted with
universal injunctions against the Government for decades.
Universal injunctions also cannot supplant the paradigm
form of class actions, which seek money damages. In all
events, to the extent the majority's concern has any teeth,
reviewing courts are already well equipped to safeguard
Rule 23's procedural protections. If there is a genuine lack
of clarity as to the lawfulness of challenged Government ac-
tion, district courts may well abuse their discretion by re-
flexively issuing universal injunctions where a Rule 23
class action would be more appropriate. See Ashcroft v.
American Civil Liberties Union, (2004)
(standard of review for preliminary injunctions is " 'abuse of
discretion' ").
The majority next insists that the practice of "founding-
era courts of equity in the United States" cuts against uni-
versal injunctions, and that this Court "consistently re-
buffed requests for relief that extended beyond the parties."
Ante, at 8. The majority's account is irreconcilable with
28 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

early American bills of peace and the history of taxpayer
suits. It further contradicts this Court's practice, in cases
like Lewis, Pierce, and Barnette, of affirming and granting
universal injunctions even when narrower, plaintiff-
focused injunctions would have offered complete relief to
the parties. See supra, at 20 -- 21. The majority instead fo-
cuses on one case from 1897, in which this Court "permitted
only a narro[w] decree between 'the parties named as plain-
tiff and defendants in the bill,' " ante, at 7, over others, including from the same pe-
riod, doing just the opposite. The majority offers no princi-
pled basis to deem the question resolved by a single case
from 1897 while cases just a few years later charted a dif-
ferent course. Indeed, if the relevant inquiry turns on
"founding-era practice," then there is no reason why a case
from 1897 should be dispositive. Ante, at 9,.
In the majority's telling, Scott merely "illustrates that as
late as 1897, this Court adhered to a party-specific view of
relief." Ante, at 7 -- 8,. Nothing in Scott, however, dic-
tates that equitable relief must always be party specific. To
the contrary, just one year after Scott, the Court endorsed
the opposite view: "Only a court of equity," the Court ex-
plained, "is competent to... determine, once for all and
without a multiplicity of suits, matters that affect not
simply individuals, but the interests of the entire commu-
nity." Smyth v. Ames, (1898); see also
id., at 517 ("[T]he circuit court of the United States, sitting
in equity, can make a comprehensive decree covering the
whole ground of controversy, and thus avoid the multiplic-
ity of suits that would inevitably arise under the statute").6

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Regardless of the actual decree the Smyth court approved, see ante,

at 7 -- 8, its analysis clearly reveals that the Court understood equity
to permit broad relief intended to benefit parties and nonparties alike.
That is why this Court later approved or granted universal injunctions
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

The majority does not identify a single case, from the found-
ing era or otherwise, in which this Court held that federal
courts may never issue universal injunctions or broad equi-
table relief that extends to nonparties. That is to be ex-
pected, given the historical support for such relief and its
use in bills of peace and taxpayer suits.
Most critically, the majority fundamentally misunder-
stands the nature of equity by freezing in amber the precise
remedies available at the time of the Judiciary Act. Even
as it declares that " '[e]quity is flexible,' " ante, at 11, the ma-
jority ignores the very flexibility that historically allowed
equity to secure complete justice where the rigid forms of
common law proved inadequate. Indeed, "[i]n th[e] early
times [of the common law] the chief juridical employment
of the chancellor must have been in devising new writs, di-
rected to the courts of common law, to give remedy in cases
where none before was administered." 3 Blackstone, Com-
mentaries on the Laws of England, at 50. Adaptability has
thus always been at the equity's core. Hence why equity
courts "constantly decline[d] to lay down any rule which
shall limit their power and discretion as to the particular
cases, in which such injunctions shall be granted, or with-
held." Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227. The Judiciary Act of 1789 codified equity
itself, not merely a static list of remedies.
Historical analogues are no doubt instructive and provide
important guidance, but requiring an exact historical
match for every equitable remedy defies equity's purpose.
Equity courts understood the "wisdom" in keeping injunc-
tive relief flexible, for it was "impossible to foresee all the
exigencies of society which may require their aid and assis-
tance to protect rights or redress wrongs." Ibid. Of course,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
in Lewis, Pierce, and Barnette without "address[ing] the propriety of uni-
versal relief." Ante, at 9,. See also Lewis Publishing Co. v. Morgan,
(1913); Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925);
West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943).
30 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

in assessing whether a remedy falls within federal courts'
equity jurisdiction under the Judiciary Act, this Court has
asked "[w]hether the relief... was traditionally accorded
by courts of equity." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 319.
Grupo Mexicano, however, does not dictate the level of gen-
erality for that historical inquiry, and general principles of
equity that themselves existed at the founding militate
against requiring a near exact match as the majority does.
Cf. United States v. Rahimi, (2024) ("The
law must comport with the principles underlying the Sec-
ond Amendment, but it need not be a 'dead ringer' or a 'his-
torical twin' ").
Indeed, equitable relief in the United States has evolved
in one respect to protect rights and redress wrongs that
even the majority does not question: Plaintiffs today may
obtain plaintiff-protective injunctions against Government
officials that block the enforcement of unconstitutional
laws, relief exemplified by Ex parte Young, 
(1908). That remedy, which traces back to the equity prac-
tice of mid-19th century courts, finds no analogue in the re-
lief exercised in the English Court of Chancery, which could
not enjoin the Crown or English officers. See supra, at 24,
; see also Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev., at 928, 1002 -- 1006;
see also R. Fallon, D. Meltzer, & D. Shapiro, Hart and
Wechsler's The Federal Courts and the Federal System
958 -- 959 (5th ed. 2003) (noting that, in Young, "the threat-
ened conduct of the defendant would not have been an ac-
tionable wrong at common law" and that the "principle [in
Young] has been easily absorbed in suits challenging fed-
eral official action"). Under the majority's rigid historical
test, however, even plaintiff-protective injunctions against
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

patently unlawful Government action should be impermis-
sible.7 Such a result demonstrates the folly of treating eq-
uity as a closed system, rather than one designed to adapt
to new circumstances.
The relative absence of universal injunctions against the
United States before the late 20th century, moreover, re-
flects constitutional and procedural limitations on judicial
power, not equitable ones. Brief for Legal Historians in No.
24A884 as Amici Curiae 13 -- 16. Until the enactment of the
Amendments to the Administrative Procedure Act in 1976,
sovereign immunity barred most suits against the Federal
Government. Id., at 14 -- 15, p. 339 (2016)). Officer
suits against Cabinet officials before that point, moreover,
could be brought only in Washington, D. C., due to limits on
personal jurisdiction and venue that existed at the time.
Brief for Legal Historians in No. 24A884 as Amici Curiae
15 -- 16. The later emergence of universal injunctions
against the United States followed the removal of those bar-
riers and the expansion of federal actions and laws. The
rise of universal injunctions therefore represents equity's
essential adaptation to modern governance.
It is a "common expression... that Courts of Equity de-
light to do justice, and not by halves." Story, Commentaries
on Equity Pleadings, at 74. The majority, however, de-
lights to do justice by piecemeal. Its decision to strip the
federal courts of the authority to issue universal injunctions
of even flagrantly unlawful Government action represents
a grave and unsupported diminution of the judicial power
of equity. Centuries ago, Chief Justice Marshall warned
that "[i]f the legislatures of the several states may, at will,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 The majority's expressed support for such injunctions is thus irrecon-

cilable with its view that equitable remedies must be very closely " 'anal-
ogous' to the relief ' "exercised by the High Court of Chancery in England
at the time of the adoption of the Constitution and the enactment of the
original Judiciary Act." ' " Ante, at 6.
32 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

annul the judgments of the courts of the United States, and
destroy the rights acquired under those judgments, the con-
stitution itself becomes a solemn mockery." United States
v. Peters, 5 Cranch 115, 136 (1809). The Court should have
heeded that warning today.
C
Even the majority's view of the law cannot justify issu-
ance of emergency relief to the Government in these cases,
for the majority leaves open whether these particular in-
junctions may pass muster under its ruling. Indeed, the
lower courts issued the challenged injunctions consistent
with an equitable principle that even the majority em-
braces: Courts may award an equitable remedy when it is
"necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs." Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979). As the major-
ity recounts, "[t]he equitable tradition has long embraced
the rule that courts generally 'may administer complete re-
lief between the parties.' " Ante, at 16 ; empha-
sis deleted).8
So too does the Court recognize that, in some cases, com-
plete relief will require a broad remedy that necessarily
benefits nonparties. See ante, at 17, ("There may be
other injuries for which it is all but impossible for courts to
craft relief that is both complete and benefits only the
named plaintiffs"); see also Gill v. Whitford, -- 67 (2018) ("[T]he only way to vindicate an individual
plaintiff 's right to an equally weighted vote [is] through a
wholesale 'restructuring of the geographical distribution of
seats in a state legislature' "). Hence the majority's nui-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 That explains the majority's bottom line, in which it declares that the

Government's applications are "granted, but only to the extent that the
injunctions are broader than necessary to provide complete relief to each
plaintiff with standing to sue." Ante, at 27.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sance hypothetical: If a plaintiff sues her neighbor for play-
ing loud music at night, a court can order the neighbor to
turn off the music at night, even if doing so will naturally
benefit other neighbors who are not parties to the suit. See
ante, at 16 -- 17.
The majority need not resort to hypotheticals, however,
because the very injunctions in these cases were necessary
to give respondents complete relief. Indeed, each District
Court found that a universal injunction was the only feasi-
ble option to redress fully respondents' injuries. See 763
F. Supp. 3d, at 746 (concluding that "[o]nly a nationwide in-
junction will provide complete relief to the plaintiffs" be-
cause the organizational plaintiffs have " 'over 680,000
members... who reside in all 50 U.S. states and several
U.S. territories' " and " '[h]undreds or even thousands' " of
those members " 'will give birth to children in the United
States over the coming weeks and months' " ); 765 F. Supp. 3d, at 1153 ("[A] geographically lim-
ited injunction would be ineffective, as it would not com-
pletely relieve [the plaintiff States] of the Order's financial
burden(s)"); 766 F. Supp. 3d, at 288 (explaining that "in-
junctive relief limited to the State plaintiffs [would be] in-
adequate" because it would "fai[l] in providing complete re-
lief to the State plaintiffs").
Recognizing as much, the majority retreats to the view
that, even if a court "can award complete relief," it "should
[not] do so" reflexively. Ante, at 18; see also ibid. ("Com-
plete relief is not a guarantee -- it is the maximum a court
can provide"); ante, at 2 (opinion of THOMAS, J.) (suggesting
courts "err insofar as they treat complete relief as a man-
date"). Even so, the Court never suggests that the District
Courts in these cases should not have awarded relief to the
parties that completely remedied their alleged injuries.
Nor could it. The majority recognizes that "in equity, 'the
broader and deeper the remedy the plaintiff wants, the
stronger the plaintiff 's story needs to be.' " Ante, at 18 -- 19.
34 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Here, respondents paired their respective requests for com-
plete relief with the strongest story possible: Without such
relief, an executive order that violates the Constitution, fed-
eral law, Supreme Court precedent, history, and over a cen-
tury of Executive Branch practice would infringe upon their
constitutional rights or cause them to incur significant fi-
nancial and administrative costs.
Perhaps that is why the majority leaves open the possi-
bility that the District Courts, in these cases, could have
granted at least respondent States a nationwide injunction
consistent with the notion of "complete relief." The majority
recognizes, correctly, that the Massachusetts District Court
"decided that a universal injunction was necessary to pro-
vide the States themselves with complete relief." Ante, at
18.9 And the majority does not dispute the basis for those
decisions: "Children often move across state lines or are
born outside their parents' State of residence," and "th[is]
cross-border flow" would make an injunction protecting
only children born in the party States "unworkable." Ante,
18. A narrower injunction would "require [the States] to
track and verify the immigration status of the parents of
every child, along with the birth State of every child for
whom they provide certain federally funded benefits." Ante,
at 18. Unrebutted record evidence bears this out and shows
that the Citizenship Order would irreparably harm the
States, even if it does not apply to children born within their
boundaries. The Court does not contend otherwise. That
should be the end of the matter.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 In the majority's telling, the Washington District Court "acknowl-

edged the state respondents' complete relief argument but primarily
granted a universal injunction" based on its weighing of the equities. See
ante, at 18,. Not so. That court carefully explained why "a geo-
graphically limited injunction would be ineffective, as it would not com-
pletely relieve [the States] of the Order's financial burden(s)." 765 F.
Supp. 3d 1142, 1153 -- 1154 (2025). A narrower injunction, it explained,
would be "unworkable" and would itself likely impose new "recordkeep-
ing and administrative burden[s]" on the States. Id., at 1154.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Nevertheless, the majority suggests that the District
Courts might consider, after this Court hands down its de-
cision, whether some alternative narrower injunction
would provide the States complete relief. See ibid. What
would such an injunction look like, and would it be feasible?
The Court does not say. The majority does note, but takes
no position on, two narrower injunctions the Government
claims would still give complete relief to the States: an or-
der prohibiting the Government from enforcing the Citizen-
ship Order in respondent States, including as to state resi-
dents born elsewhere; or an order directing the Government
to treat children covered by the Citizenship Order as eligi-
ble for federally funded welfare benefits when those chil-
dren reside in a respondent State. See ibid..
As an initial matter, the Government never raised those
narrower injunctions to the District Courts, meaning it for-
feited them. That is what the First Circuit expressly held,
131 F. 4th, at 43 ("declining to consider" those alternatives
because they were "raised for [the] first time... in support
of stay pending appeal of preliminary injunction"), and the
majority does not dispute the point. It is true that plaintiffs
seeking a preliminary injunction bear the burden of making
"a clear showing that [they are] entitled to such relief."
Winter v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., (2008). The States met that burden, however: They
presented what is still uncontroverted evidence that an in-
junction applicable only to children born within their bor-
ders would give them less than complete relief. Accord-
ingly, it was reasonable for the District Courts to fashion
the remedies that they did, for they were "not obligated to
undertake the task of chiseling from the government's
across-the-board [Executive Order] a different policy the
government never identified, endorsed, or defended." J. D.
v. Azar, 925 F. 3d 1291, 1336 (CADC 2019) (per curiam).
Those proffered alternatives, moreover, are unworkable
36 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

on their face. Each would require creating a two-tiered
scheme in which the Government's recognition of some chil-
dren's citizenship status or eligibility for federally funded
benefits would change based on whether a child resides in
one of respondent States at any given moment. That
scheme would have to operate, somehow, without imposing
an administrative burden on respondent States or disrupt-
ing their receipt of federal funds to which they are entitled.
"[T]he regular movement of the American people into and
out of different States... would make it difficult to sensibly
maintain such a scattershot system." Ante, at 5 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.).
Such a system would also be incompatible with federal
law. Some statutes, like those governing Medicaid and
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) bene-
fits, require States to give benefits only to applicants with
a Social Security number and to use those numbers for cer-
tain administrative purposes. See, e.g., 7 U. S. C. ;
42 U. S. C. -- 7(a)(1). States could not comply with
those laws under the Government's alternative injunctions
because children covered by the Citizenship Order in non-
party States would still be treated as noncitizens at birth.
Thus, when some of those children later move to one of re-
spondent States, they would lack Social Security numbers.
No matter how it is done, discarding the nationwide status
quo of birthright citizenship would result in chaos.
What is more, the principle of complete relief does not re-
quire courts to award only the absolute narrowest injunc-
tion possible. To conclude otherwise would eviscerate the
"discretion and judgment" that is integral to the crafting of
injunctive relief. International Refugee Assistance Project,
582 U. S., at 579. Indeed, equitable relief "[t]raditionally... has been characterized by a practical flexibility in shap-
ing its remedies and by a facility for adjusting and reconcil-
ing public and private needs." Brown v. Board of Educa-
tion, (1955) (footnote omitted). That is
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 37

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

why the court in the majority's nuisance hypothetical can
"order the defendant to turn her music down," or to turn it
"off," even though the latter is technically more burdensome
on the defendant than necessary to give the plaintiff com-
plete relief. Ante, at 16.
Accordingly, the District Courts appropriately deter-
mined that the "only one feasible option" that would give
complete relief to the States was a universal injunction.
See ibid. Clearly, the majority is asking the lower courts
themselves to explain what is patently obvious about the
Government's proposed injunctions and any others that can
be imagined.
Inexplicably, however, the Court declares that, for the as-
sociational and individual respondents, injunctions enjoin-
ing the Government from enforcing the Citizenship Order
against them (and only them) would have sufficed. See
ante, at 17 -- 18. In fashioning equitable relief, however,
courts must take into account " 'what is workable.' " North
Carolina v. Covington, (2017) (per cu-
riam). Just like the injunction that the majority blesses in
the context of its nuisance-suit hypothetical, which will be-
stow a peaceful night upon the plaintiff 's neighbors even
when the plaintiff is not herself at home, the preliminary
injunction for the associational and individual respondents
reflects what is practicable. As the Maryland District Court
found, " 'hundreds or even thousands' " of the associational
respondents' members, who reside in all 50 States, " 'will
give birth to children in the United States over the coming
weeks and months.' " 763 F. Supp. 3d, at 746. Theoreti-
cally, it might be possible for a court to fashion an injunc-
tion that runs to each of the thousands of expectant moth-
ers in that group. But see ante, at 5 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.) ("Often, it is not especially workable or
sustainable or desirable to have a patchwork scheme... in
which a major new federal statute or executive action...
applies to some people or organizations in certain States or
38 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

regions, but not to others"). Yet anything less than a na-
tionwide injunction creates a risk that the Government, in-
advertently or intentionally, will enforce the Citizenship
Order against some of the plaintiffs' children before this
Court rules definitively on the Order's lawfulness.
A narrower injunction would necessarily task "[t]hose [re-
sponsible for] determining a baby's citizenship status...
with [correctly] confirming [biological] parentage, the citi-
zenship or immigration status of both [biological] parents,
and membership in specific organizations." Opposition to
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884, p.
24. That, in turn, would "impose an enormous burden on
expecting parents, membership organizations, government
employees at all levels, and hospital staff," increasing the
risk of mistake. Ibid. The risk of noncompliance is also
particularly stark here, where the challenged action itself
reflects an utter disregard for settled precedent, and given
the Government's repeated insistence that it need not pro-
vide notice to individuals before their sudden deportations.
See, e.g., A. A. R. P. v. Trump, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(per curiam) ; Department of Homeland Secu-
rity v. D. V. D., 606 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). The majority does not identify
a narrower alternative that is both practical and mitigates
that risk.
At the very least, there is no reason to think that the Dis-
trict Court abused its discretion in deciding that only a na-
tionwide injunction could protect the plaintiffs' fundamen-
tal rights. See Ashcroft, 542 U. S., at 664 (setting forth the
standard of review). "Crafting a preliminary injunction,"
after all, "is an exercise of discretion and judgment, often
dependent as much on the equities of a given case as the
substance of the legal issues it presents." International Ref-
ugee Assistance Project, 582 U. S., at 579. Applying defer-
ential abuse-of-discretion review, the Fourth Circuit em-
phasized that the "[t]he district court... carefully
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 39

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

explained why an injunction limited to the parties -- includ-
ing organizations with hundreds of thousands of members
nationwide -- would be unworkable in practice and thus fail
to provide complete relie[f] to the plaintiffs." 2025 WL
654902, *1. The majority gives no justification for deeming
the District Court's reasoned assessment an abuse of dis-
cretion.
D
The equities and public interest weigh decisively against
the Government. For all of the reasons discussed, the Citi-
zenship Order is patently unconstitutional. To allow the
Government to enforce it against even one newborn child is
an assault on our constitutional order and antithetical to
equity and public interest. Cf. Salazar v. Buono, -- 715 (2010) (plurality opinion) (" '[A] court must
never ignore... circumstances underlying [equitable relief]
lest the decree be turned into an "instrument of wrong" ' ").
Meanwhile, newborns subject to the Citizenship Order
will face the gravest harms imaginable. If the Order does
in fact go into effect without further intervention by the Dis-
trict Courts, children will lose, at least for the time being,
"a most precious right," Kennedy v. Mendoza-Martinez, (1963), and "cherished status" that "carries
with it the privilege of full participation in the affairs of our
society," Knauer v. United States, (1946).
Affected children also risk losing the chance to participate
in American society altogether, unless their parents have
sufficient resources to file individual suits or successfully
challenge the Citizenship Order in removal proceedings.
Indeed, the Order risks the "creation of a substantial
'shadow population' " for covered children born in the
United States who remain here. Plyler, 457 U. S., at 218.
Without Social Security numbers and other documentation,
these children will be denied critical public services, like
SNAP and Medicaid, and lose the ability to engage fully in
40 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

civic life by being born in States that have not filed a law-
suit. Worse yet, the Order threatens to render American-
born children stateless, a status "deplored in the interna-
tional community" for causing "the total destruction of the
individual's status in organized society." Trop v. Dulles,
-- 102 (1958) (plurality opinion). That
threat hangs like a guillotine over this litigation.
The Order will cause chaos for the families of all affected
children too, as expecting parents scramble to understand
whether the Order will apply to them and what ramifica-
tions it will have. If allowed to take effect, the Order may
even wrench newborns from the arms of parents lawfully in
the United States, for it purports to strip citizenship from
the children of parents legally present on a temporary ba-
sis. See 90 Fed. Reg. 8449. Those newborns could face de-
portation, even as their parents remain lawfully in the
country. In light of all these consequences, there can be no
serious question over where the equities lie in these cases.
IV
The Court's decision is nothing less than an open invita-
tion for the Government to bypass the Constitution. The
Executive Branch can now enforce policies that flout settled
law and violate countless individuals' constitutional rights,
and the federal courts will be hamstrung to stop its actions
fully. Until the day that every affected person manages to
become party to a lawsuit and secures for himself injunctive
relief, the Government may act lawlessly indefinitely.
Not even a decision from this Court would necessarily
bind the Government to stop, completely and permanently,
its commission of unquestionably unconstitutional conduct.
The majority interprets the Judiciary Act, which defines
the equity jurisdiction for all federal courts, this Court in-
cluded, as prohibiting the issuance of universal injunctions
(unless necessary for complete relief ). What, besides eq-
uity, enables this Court to order the Government to cease
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 41

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

completely the enforcement of illegal policies? The majority
does not say. So even if this Court later rules that the Cit-
izenship Order is unlawful, we may nevertheless lack the
power to enjoin enforcement as to anyone not formally a
party before the Court. In a case where the Government is
acting in open defiance of the Constitution, federal law, and
this Court's holdings, it is naive to believe the Government
will treat this Court's opinions on those policies as "de facto"
universal injunctions absent an express order directing to-
tal nonenforcement. Ante, at 6 (opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.).
Indeed, at oral argument, the Government refused to
commit to obeying any court order issued by a Federal
Court of Appeals holding the Citizenship Order unlawful
(except with respect to the plaintiffs in the suit), even
within the relevant Circuit. Tr. of Oral Arg. 61 -- 63. To the
extent the Government cannot commit to compliance with
Court of Appeals decisions in those Circuits, it offers no
principled reason why it would treat the opinions of this
Court any differently nationwide. Thus, by stripping even
itself of the ability to issue universal injunctions, the Court
diminishes its role as "the ultimate decider of the interim
[and permanent] legal status of major new federal statutes
and executive actions." Ante, at 3 (opinion of KAVANAUGH,
J.).
There is a serious question, moreover, whether this Court
will ever get the chance to rule on the constitutionality of a
policy like the Citizenship Order. Contra, ante, at 6 (opin-
ion of KAVANAUGH, J.) ("[T]he losing parties in the courts of
appeals will regularly come to this Court in matters involv-
ing major new federal statutes and executive actions"). In
the ordinary course, parties who prevail in the lower courts
generally cannot seek review from this Court, likely leaving
it up to the Government's discretion whether a petition will
42 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

be filed here.10 These cases prove the point: Every court to
consider the Citizenship Order's merits has found that it is
unconstitutional in preliminary rulings. Because respond-
ents prevailed on the merits and received universal injunc-
tions, they have no reason to file an appeal. The Govern-
ment has no incentive to file a petition here either, because
the outcome of such an appeal would be preordained. The
Government recognizes as much, which is why its emer-
gency applications challenged only the scope of the prelim-
inary injunctions.
Even accepting that this Court will get the opportunity to
"ac[t] as the ultimate decider" of patently unlawful policies,
ante, at 3 (opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.), and that the Execu-
tive Branch will treat this Court's opinions as de facto uni-
versal injunctions,11 it is still necessary for the lower courts
to have the equitable authority to issue universal injunc-
tions, too. As JUSTICE KAVANAUGH notes, it can take, at a
minimum, "weeks" for an application concerning a major
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 On rare occasion, this Court has permitted a party who prevailed in

the lower courts nonetheless to obtain this Court's review of a legal ques-
tion. See, e.g., Camreta v. Greene, (2011) (allowing a
government official who prevailed on grounds of qualified immunity to
challenge an underlying adverse constitutional ruling). Those exceptions
have no relevance here, however, because there is no adverse determina-
tion for respondents to challenge.
11 The majority insists that the constitutionality of the Citizenship Or-

der will come before this Court eventually and that, when it does, the
Government will obey this Court's resulting opinion with respect to all
newborn children. Ante, at 25,. Why? The majority is sure that
the Government will honor its oral-argument promises to " 'seek cert' "
when it " 'lose[s] one of ' " its pending appeals and to "respect both the
judgments and opinions of this Court." Ibid.. The majority's certainty that the Government will keep its word is
nothing short of a leap of faith, given that the Government has adopted
a plainly unconstitutional policy in defiance of this Court's precedent and
then gamed the system to stymie this Court's consideration of the policy's
merits. In any event, the Government's promise is cold comfort to the
many children whose parents do not file a lawsuit and whose citizenship
status remains in flux pending this Court's review.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 43

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

new policy to reach this Court. Ibid. In the interim, the
Government may feel free to execute illegal policies against
nonparties and cause immeasurable harm that this Court
may never be able to remedy. Indeed, in these cases, there
is a serious risk the Government will seek to deport new-
borns whose parents have not filed suit if all the injunctions
are narrowed on remand. That unconscionable result only
underscores why it is necessary, in some cases, for lower
courts to issue universal injunctions.
Fortunately, in the rubble of its assault on equity juris-
diction, the majority leaves untouched one important tool
to provide broad relief to individuals subject to lawless Gov-
ernment conduct: Rule 23(b)(2) class actions for injunctive
relief. That mechanism may provide some relief, but it is
not a perfect substitute for a universal injunction. First, a
named plaintiff must incur the higher cost of pursuing class
relief, which will involve, at a minimum, overcoming the
hurdle of class certification. " '[D]emonstrating th[e] pre-
requisites' " of numerosity, commonality and typicality and
the adequacy of the named plaintiff to represent the class
" 'is difficult and time consuming and has been getting
harder as a result of recent court decisions and federal leg-
islation.' " Chicago v. Barr, 961 F. 3d 882, 917 (CA7 2020)
; alterations in original).
" 'Courts have heightened the evidentiary standard for class
certification' " as well, " 'requiring hearings and sometimes
significant amounts of evidence on the merits of the class
before certifying the class.' " 961 F. 3d, at 917. In recent
years, moreover, " 'courts have started to deny class certifi-
cation if they think there has been a flaw in class defini-
tion,' " sometimes " 'without first allowing the plaintiffs to
amend that definition in response to the court's concerns.' "
Ibid. What is more, " 'defendants can seek interlocutory re-
view of a court's decision to certify a class, adding further
delay and expense to the certification process.' " Ibid.
44 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Hence why some " 'describ[e] the class certification process
as a "drawn-out procedural bog," which comes with signifi-
cant expense and delay for the would be class member.' "
Ibid. Indeed, at oral argument, the Government refused to
concede that a class could be certified to challenge the Citi-
zenship Order and promised to invoke Rule 23's barriers to
stop it. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 31 -- 32.
Nevertheless, the parents of children covered by the Cit-
izenship Order would be well advised to file promptly class-
action suits and to request temporary injunctive relief for
the putative class pending class certification. See
A. A. R. P., 605 U. S., at ___ ; Califano, 442
U. S., at 701 -- 703; see also ante, at 1 -- 2 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.) (recognizing that lower courts, in some cir-
cumstances, can "award preliminary classwide relief that
may... be statewide, regionwide, or even nationwide").
For suits challenging policies as blatantly unlawful and
harmful as the Citizenship Order, moreover, lower courts
would be wise to act swiftly on such requests for relief and
to adjudicate the cases as quickly as they can so as to enable
this Court's prompt review.
* * *
The rule of law is not a given in this Nation, nor any
other. It is a precept of our democracy that will endure only
if those brave enough in every branch fight for its survival.
Today, the Court abdicates its vital role in that effort. With
the stroke of a pen, the President has made a "solemn mock-
ery" of our Constitution. Peters, 5 Cranch, at 136. Rather
than stand firm, the Court gives way. Because such com-
plicity should know no place in our system of law, I dissent.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting.
I agree with every word of JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's dissent.
I write separately to emphasize a key conceptual point: The
Court's decision to permit the Executive to violate the Con-
stitution with respect to anyone who has not yet sued is an
existential threat to the rule of law.
It is important to recognize that the Executive's bid to
vanquish so-called "universal injunctions" is, at bottom, a
request for this Court's permission to engage in unlawful
behavior. When the Government says "do not allow the
lower courts to enjoin executive action universally as a rem-
edy for unconstitutional conduct," what it is actually saying
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

is that the Executive wants to continue doing something
that a court has determined violates the Constitution -- 
please allow this. That is some solicitation. With its ruling
today, the majority largely grants the Government's wish.
But, in my view, if this country is going to persist as a Na-
tion of laws and not men, the Judiciary has no choice but to
deny it.
Stated simply, what it means to have a system of govern-
ment that is bounded by law is that everyone is constrained
by the law, no exceptions. And for that to actually happen,
courts must have the power to order everyone (including the
Executive) to follow the law -- full stop. To conclude other-
wise is to endorse the creation of a zone of lawlessness
within which the Executive has the prerogative to take or
leave the law as it wishes, and where individuals who would
otherwise be entitled to the law's protection become subject
to the Executive's whims instead.
The majority cannot deny that our Constitution was de-
signed to split the powers of a monarch between the govern-
ing branches to protect the People. Nor is it debatable that
the role of the Judiciary in our constitutional scheme is to
ensure fidelity to law. But these core values are strangely
absent from today's decision. Focusing on inapt compari-
sons to impotent English tribunals, the majority ignores the
Judiciary's foundational duty to uphold the Constitution
and laws of the United States. The majority's ruling thus
not only diverges from first principles, it is also profoundly
dangerous, since it gives the Executive the go-ahead to
sometimes wield the kind of unchecked, arbitrary power the
Founders crafted our Constitution to eradicate. The very
institution our founding charter charges with the duty to
ensure universal adherence to the law now requires judges
to shrug and turn their backs to intermittent lawlessness.
With deep disillusionment, I dissent.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I
To hear the majority tell it, this suit raises a mind-numb-
ingly technical query: Are universal injunctions "suffi-
ciently 'analogous' to the relief issued 'by the High Court of
Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution and the enactment of the original Judiciary Act' "
to fall within the equitable authority Congress granted fed-
eral courts in the Judiciary Act of 1789? Ante, at 6. But
that legalese is a smokescreen. It obscures a far more basic
question of enormous legal and practical significance: May
a federal court in the United States of America order the
Executive to follow the law?
A
To ask this question is to answer it. In a constitutional
Republic such as ours, a federal court has the power to or-
der the Executive to follow the law -- and it must. It is axi-
omatic that the Constitution of the United States and the
statutes that the People's representatives have enacted
govern in our system of government. Thus, everyone, from
the President on down, is bound by law. By duty and na-
ture, federal courts say what the law is (if there is a genuine
dispute), and require those who are subject to the law to
conform their behavior to what the law requires. This is
the essence of the rule of law.
Do not take my word for it. Venerated figures in our Na-
tion's history have repeatedly emphasized that "[t]he es-
sence of our free Government is 'leave to live by no man's
leave, underneath the law' -- to be governed by those imper-
sonal forces which we call law." Youngstown Sheet & Tube
Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (R. Jackson, J., con-
curring). "Our Government is fashioned to fulfill this con-
cept so far as humanly possible." Id., at 654 -- 655. Put dif-
ferently, the United States of America has " ' "a government
of laws and not of men." ' " Cooper v. Aaron, 
(1958) (Frankfurter, J., concurring) (Frankfurter, J.,
concurring in judgment)); see also, e.g., Mass. Const., pt. 1,
Art. XXX (1780), in 3 Federal and State Constitutions 1893
(F. Thorpe ed. 1909) (J. Adams); Marbury v. Madison, 1
Cranch 137, 163 (1803) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court);
United States v. Dickson, 15 Pet. 141, 162 (1841) (Story, J.,
for the Court).
That familiar adage is more than just mere " 'rhetorical
flourish.' " Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23. It is " 'the rejection in
positive terms of rule by fiat, whether by the fiat of govern-
mental or private power.' " Ibid. Indeed, "constitutionalism
has one essential quality: it is a legal limitation on govern-
ment; it is the antithesis of arbitrary rule; its opposite is
despotic government, the government of will instead of
law." C. McIlwain, Constitutionalism: Ancient and Modern
21 -- 22 (rev. ed. 1947); see also id., at 21 ("All constitutional
government is by definition limited government").
Those who birthed our Nation limited the power of gov-
ernment to preserve freedom. As they knew all too well,
"constant experience shows us that every man invested
with power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as
far as it will go." Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, in 38
Great Books of the Western World 69 (T. Nugent transl., R.
Hutchins ed. 1952). But the Founders reasoned that the
vice of human ambition could be channeled to prevent the
country from devolving into despotism -- ambition could be
"made to counteract ambition." The Federalist No. 51, p.
322 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (J. Madison). If there were, say,
a Constitution that divided power across institutions "in
such a manner as that each may be a check on the other,"
then it could be possible to establish Government by and for
the People and thus stave off autocracy. Ibid.; see also My-
ers v. United States, (1926) (Brandeis, J.,
dissenting) ("The doctrine of the separation of powers was
adopted by the Convention of 1787, not to promote effi-
ciency but to preclude the exercise of arbitrary power").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Through such separated institutions, power checks power.
See Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, at 69. Our system of
institutional checks thus exists for a reason: so that "the
private interest of every individual may be a sentinel over
the public rights." The Federalist No. 51, at 322.
B
The distribution of power between the Judiciary and the
Executive is of particular importance to the operation of a
society governed by law. Made up of " 'free, impartial, and
independent' " judges and justices, the Judiciary checks the
political branches of Government by explaining what the
law is and "securing obedience" with it. Mine Workers, 330
U. S., at 308, 312 (opinion of Frankfurter, J.); see Marbury,
1 Cranch, at 177. The federal courts were thus established
"not only to decide upon the controverted rights of the citi-
zens as against each other, but also upon rights in contro-
versy between them and the government." United States v.
Lee, (1882).
Quite unlike a rule-of-kings governing system, in a rule-
of-law regime, nearly "[e]very act of government may be
challenged by an appeal to law." Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23
(opinion of Frankfurter, J.). In this country, the Executive
does not stand above or outside of the law. Consequently,
when courts are called upon to adjudicate the lawfulness of
the actions of the other branches of Government, the Judi-
ciary plays "an essential part of the democratic process."
Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 312. Were it otherwise -- were
courts unable or unwilling to command the Government to
follow the law -- they would "sanctio[n] a tyranny" that has
no place in a country committed to "well-regulated liberty
and the protection of personal rights." Lee, 106 U. S., at
221. It is law -- and " 'Law alone' " -- that " 'saves a society
from being rent by internecine strife or ruled by mere brute
power however disguised.' " Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23 (quot-
ing Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 308).
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The power to compel the Executive to follow the law is
particularly vital where the relevant law is the Constitu-
tion. When the Executive transgresses an Act of Congress,
there are mechanisms through which Congress can assert
its check against the Executive unilaterally -- such as, for
example, asserting the power of the purse. See K. Stith,
Congress' Power of the Purse, 97 Yale L. J. 1343, 1360
(1988) (describing Congress's ability to "regulat[e] execu-
tive branch activities by limitations on appropriations").
But when the Executive violates the Constitution, the only
recourse is the courts. Eliminate that check, and our gov-
ernment ceases to be one of "limited powers." Gregory v.
Ashcroft, (1991). After all, a limit that
"do[es] not confine the perso[n] on whom [it is] imposed" is
no limit at all. Marbury, 1 Cranch, at 176.1
II
With that background, we can now turn to this suit and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 These foundational separation-of-powers principles are, of course, the

doctrinal underpinnings of the observations I make in Parts II and III,
infra. If my point is "difficult to pin down," ante, at 22, that could be due
to the majority's myopic initial framing -- it casts today's emergency ap-
plications as being solely about the scope of judicial authority, while ig-
noring (or forgetting) the concomitant expansion of executive power that
results when the equitable remedial power of judges is needlessly re-
stricted. Or perhaps the culprit is the majority's threshold decision to
rest its holding solely on the Judiciary Act, ante, at 5, thereby facil-
itating its convenient sidestepping of the startling constitutional impli-
cations that follow from blanket limitations on the Judiciary's response
to the Executive's lawlessness. Whatever the source of the majority's
confusion, there is no question that its statutory holding restricting the
traditional equitable power of federal courts to craft a suitable remedy
for established (or likely) constitutional violations has significant rami-
fications for the separation of powers and for constitutional rights more
broadly. JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR thoroughly explains why restricting judges
in this manner is legally and historically unfounded. My goal is to high-
light the myriad ways in which the majority's newly minted no-univer-
sal-injunctions limitation also subverts core constitutional norms and is
fundamentally incompatible with the rule of law.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

focus on the ways in which the majority's ruling under-
mines our constitutional system. JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR has
laid out the relevant facts, see ante, at 9 -- 13 (dissenting
opinion), and I will not repeat what she has said. It suffices
for my purposes to reiterate that, before these applications
arrived here, three District Courts had concluded that Ex-
ecutive Order No. 14160 -- which attempts to alter the Con-
stitution's express conferral of citizenship on all who are
born in this Nation, Amdt. 14, -- likely violates the Con-
stitution. Those courts each thus enjoined the Executive
from enforcing that order anywhere, against anyone. See
763 F. Supp. 3d 723 (Md. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 
1153 (CA4); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142 (WD Wash. 2025), appeal
pending, No. 25 -- 807 (CA9); Doe v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d
266 (Mass. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1170 (CA1).
Three Courts of Appeals then declined to upset these in-
junctions during the pendency of the Government's appeals.
See 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025); 2025 WL 553485
(CA9, Feb. 19, 2025); 131 F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025).
The majority now does what none of the lower courts that
have considered Executive Order No. 14160 would do: It al-
lows the Executive's constitutionally dubious mandate to go
into effect with respect to anyone who is not already a plain-
tiff in one of the existing legal actions. Notably, the Court
has not determined that any of the lower courts were wrong
about their conclusion that the executive order likely vio-
lates the Constitution -- the Executive has not asked us to
rule on the lawfulness of Executive Order No. 14160. But
the majority allows the Executive to implement this order
(which lower courts have so far uniformly declared likely
unconstitutional) nonetheless.
Given the critical role of the Judiciary in maintaining the
rule of law, see Part I, supra, it is odd, to say the least, that
the Court would grant the Executive's wish to be freed from
the constraints of law by prohibiting district courts from or-
dering complete compliance with the Constitution. But the
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

majority goes there. It holds that, even assuming that Ex-
ecutive Order No. 14160 violates the Constitution, federal
courts lack the power to prevent the Executive from contin-
uing to implement that unconstitutional directive.
As I understand the concern, in this clash over the respec-
tive powers of two coordinate branches of Government, the
majority sees a power grab -- but not by a presumably law-
less Executive choosing to act in a manner that flouts the
plain text of the Constitution. Instead, to the majority, the
power-hungry actors are... (wait for it)... the district
courts. See ante, at 1 (admonishing district courts for dar-
ing to "asser[t] the power" to order the Executive to follow
the law universally). In the majority's view, federal courts
only have the power to "afford the plaintiff complete relief "
in the cases brought before them; they can do nothing more.
Ante, at 16. And the majority thinks a so-called universal
injunction -- that is, a court order requiring the Executive to
follow the law across the board and not just with respect to
the plaintiff -- "grant[s] relief to nonparties." See ante, at 6 -- 
8. Therefore, the majority reasons, issuing such orders ex-
ceeds district courts' authority. See ante, at 21.
So many questions arise.2 The majority's analysis is fully
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Although I will not spend much space discussing it here, the major-

ity's primary premise -- that universal injunctions "grant relief to non-
parties" -- is suspect. When a court issues an injunction (universal or
otherwise), it does so via an order that governs the relationship between
the plaintiff and the defendant. Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 65(d). That order
provides the plaintiff with relief: If the plaintiff believes that the defend-
ant has violated the court's order, she may come back to court, injunction
in hand, and demand enforcement or compensation through the mecha-
nism of civil contempt. See Longshoremen v. Philadelphia Marine Trade
Assn., (1967) (recognizing that an "injunction" is "an eq-
uitable decree compelling obedience under the threat of contempt"). As
the majority recognizes, nonparties may benefit from an injunction a
court issues in a plaintiff 's case. See ante, at 16. But that does not mean
those incidental beneficiaries have received relief -- "the injunction's pro-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

interrogated, and countered, in JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's dis-
sent. My objective is to expose the core conceptual fallacy
underlying the majority's reasoning, which, to me, also
tends to demonstrate why, and how, today's ruling threat-
ens the rule of law.
The pillar upon which today's ruling rests is the major-
ity's contention that the remedial power of the federal
courts is limited to granting "complete relief " to the parties.
Ante, at 15 -- 16. And the majority's sole basis for that prop-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
tection" (i.e., the ability to seek contempt) "extends only to the suing
plaintiff." Ante, at 17.
An injunction prohibiting the Executive from acting unlawfully oper-
ates precisely the same way. Such an injunction may benefit nonparties
as a practical matter -- but only the named plaintiffs have the right to
return to the issuing court and seek contempt, if the Executive fails to
comply. See Gompers v. Bucks Stove & Range Co., -- 
445 (1911) ("Proceedings for civil contempt are between the original par-
ties"); Buckeye Coal & R. Co. v. Hocking Valley R. Co., -- 
49 (1925) (holding that a nonparty injured by the defendant's noncompli-
ance with an injunction could not enforce the injunction); cf. Blue Chip
Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores, (1975) ("[A] consent
decree is not enforceable directly or in collateral proceedings by those
who are not parties to it even though they were intended to be benefited
by it"). So, the majority's concern that universal injunctions inappropri-
ately grant "relief " to nonparties is incorrect. Nonparties may benefit
from an injunction, but only the plaintiff gets relief.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 71 is not to the contrary. Contra, ante,
at 15,. At most, that rule and the cases the majority cites suggest
that, in certain narrow circumstances, a nonparty for whose benefit an
injunction was issued may be able to go to the issuing court and seek
contempt. But "the precise contours of Rule 71... remain unclear,"
Beckett v. Air Line Pilots Assn., 995 F. 2d 280, 287 -- 288 (CADC 1993),
and courts have largely recognized that, to the extent nonparty enforce-
ment of an injunction is available, the nonparty must stand in a close
relationship to the plaintiff or have been specifically named in the in-
junction. See United States v. American Soc. of Composers, Authors, and
Publishers, 341 F. 2d 1003, 1008 (CA2 1965) (nonparty could not enforce
injunction where it was "not... named in the judgment" even though it
was "indirectly or economically benefited by the decree").
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

osition is the practice of the High Court of Chancery in Eng-
land. Ante, at 6 -- 7. But this cramped characterization of
the Judiciary's function is highly questionable when it
comes to suits against the Executive. That is, even if the
majority is correct that courts in England at the time of the
founding were so limited -- and I have my doubts, see ante,
at 18 -- 20 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting) -- why would courts in
our constitutional system be limited in the same way?
The Founders of the United States of America squarely
rejected a governing system in which the King ruled all, and
all others, including the courts, were his subordinates. In
our Constitution-centered system, the People are the rulers
and we have the rule of law. So, it makes little sense to look
to the relationship between English courts and the King for
guidance on the power of our Nation's Judiciary vis-à-vis its
Executive. See The Federalist No. 69, at 416 (A. Hamilton)
(explaining how the President differs from the King, includ-
ing because "[t]he person of the King of Great Britain is sa-
cred and inviolable; there is no constitutional tribunal to
which he is amenable"). Indeed, it is precisely because the
law constrains the Government in our system that the Ju-
diciary's assignment is so broad, per the Constitution. Fed-
eral courts entertain suits against the Government claim-
ing constitutional violations. Thus, the function of the
courts -- both in theory and in practice -- necessarily in-
cludes announcing what the law requires in such suits for
the benefit of all who are protected by the Constitution, not
merely doling out relief to injured private parties.
Put differently, the majority views the Judiciary's power
through an aperture that is much too small, leading it to
think that the only function of our courts is to provide "com-
plete relief " to private parties. Sure, federal courts do that,
and they do it well. But they also diligently maintain the
rule of law itself. When it comes to upholding the law, fed-
eral courts ensure that all comers -- i.e., everyone to whom
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

the law applies and over whom the court has personal ju-
risdiction (including and perhaps especially the Execu-
tive) -- know what the law is and, most important, follow it.3
III
Still, upon reading the Court's opinion, the majority's
foundational mistake in mischaracterizing the true scope
and nature of a federal court's power might seem only mar-
ginally impactful. Indeed, one might wonder: Why all the
fuss? After all, the majority recognizes that district courts
can still issue universal injunctions in some circumstances.
See ante, at 16 -- 18. It even acknowledges that the lower
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 No one is saying that the reasoning of a district court's opinion, on its

own, "has the legal force of a judgment," ante, at 22; of course it does not.
The real issue today's applications raise is whether district-court opin-
ions are entitled to respect while litigation over the lawfulness of the de-
fendant's conduct is ongoing. As I have explained, the majority's key
move is to start by assuming that the remedial power of federal courts is
quite narrow (i.e., it is only appropriately exercised to grant "complete
relief " to the parties). Ante, at 5 -- 11, 16. The majority forgets (or ignores)
that federal courts also make pronouncements of law and issue orders
compelling compliance if violations are identified. Then, having zeroed
in on solely the courts' plaintiff-specific-remedies function, the majority
unsurprisingly insists that a district court cannot respond to the Execu-
tive's decision to violate the law universally by issuing an order compel-
ling universal cessation of the Executive's unlawful behavior. This kind
of broad injunction is merely one tool in a judge's kit of remedial op-
tions -- one that is directly responsive to the court's duty to uphold the
law and the Executive's decision to consciously violate it -- and it is no
more or less binding than any of the district court's other determinations.
So, rather than disdainfully securing permission to disregard the district
court's opinion and continue engaging in unlawful conduct vis-à-vis any-
one who is not the plaintiff, an enjoined Executive that believes the dis-
trict court was wrong to conclude that its behavior is unlawful has a rule-
of-law-affirming response at the ready: It can seek expedited review of
the merits on appeal. District courts themselves also have the flexibility
to stay their injunctions pending appeal, if that is requested and the cir-
cumstances demand it. But rather than permit lower courts to adapt
their remedies to the particulars of a given case, the majority today ties
judges' hands, requiring them to acquiesce to executive lawlessness in
every situation.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

courts may reimpose the same universal injunctions at is-
sue in these cases, if the courts find on remand that doing
so is necessary to provide complete relief to the named
plaintiffs. See ante, at 19. From the standpoint of out-
comes, that's all welcome news. But, as I explain below,
from the perspective of constitutional theory and actual
practice, disaster looms.
What I mean by this is that our rights-based legal system
can only function properly if the Executive, and everyone
else, is always bound by law. Today's decision is a seismic
shock to that foundational norm. Allowing the Executive to
violate the law at its prerogative with respect to anyone
who has not yet sued carves out a huge exception -- a gash
in the basic tenets of our founding charter that could turn
out to be a mortal wound. What is more, to me, requiring
courts themselves to provide the dagger (by giving their im-
primatur to the Executive Branch's intermittent lawless-
ness) makes a mockery of the Judiciary's solemn duty to
safeguard the rule of law.
A
Do remember: The Executive has not asked this Court to
determine whether Executive Order No. 14160 complies
with the Constitution. Rather, it has come to us seeking
the right to continue enforcing that order regardless -- i.e.,
even though six courts have now said the order is likely un-
constitutional. What the Executive wants, in effect, is for
this Court to bless and facilitate its desire to operate in two
different zones moving forward: one in which it is required
to follow the law (because a particular plaintiff has secured
a personal injunction prohibiting its unlawful conduct), and
another in which it can choose to violate the law with re-
spect to certain people (those who have yet to sue).
In the first zone, law reigns. For the named plaintiffs in
the suits before us, for example, the lower courts' determi-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

nation that Executive Order No. 14160 is likely unconstitu-
tional and cannot be implemented has teeth. Per the courts'
orders, the Executive is prohibited from denying citizenship
to the offspring of the named plaintiffs. See ante, at 26
(leaving the injunctions in place to the extent "necessary to
provide complete relief to each plaintiff with standing to
sue"). Within this zone, the courts' rule of decision -- that
Executive Order No. 14160 is likely unconstitutional -- ap-
plies.
But with its ruling today, the majority endorses the crea-
tion of a second zone -- one in which that rule of decision has
no effect. In this zone, which is populated by those who lack
the wherewithal or ability to go to court, all bets are off.
There is no court-issued mandate requiring the Executive
to honor birthright citizenship in compliance with the Con-
stitution, so the people within this zone are left to the pre-
rogatives of the Executive as to whether their constitutional
rights will be respected. It does not matter what six federal
courts have said about Executive Order No. 14160; those
courts are powerless to make the Executive stop enforcing
that order altogether. In effect, then, that powerlessness
creates a void that renders the Constitution's constraints
irrelevant to the Executive's actions. Of course, the Execu-
tive might choose to follow the law in this zone as well -- but
that is left to its discretion. And the Solicitor General has
now confirmed that, in the absence of a personal injunction
secured by a particular plaintiff, this Executive's view is
that compliance with lower court rulings on matters of con-
stitutional significance is optional.4
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Solicitor General said that quiet part out loud by baldly asserting

that the Executive reserves the right to defy Circuit precedent. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 33 -- 34, 60 -- 61. Although he further suggested that the admin-
istration would abide by precedent from this Court in future similar
cases, id., at 35, 63, even that seems to be a matter of prerogative, as
there is no inherent limit to the limited-scope-of-authority logic that un-
derlies today's holding, see ante, at 41 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). The
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I am not the first to observe that a legal system that op-
erates on two different tracks (one of which grants to the
Executive the prerogative to disregard the law) is anath-
ema to the rule of law.5 Thus, the law-free zone that results
from this Court's near elimination of universal injunctions
is not an unfamiliar archetype. Also eerily echoing history's
horrors is the fact that today's prerogative zone is unlikely
to impact the public in a randomly distributed manner.
Those in the good graces of the Executive have nothing to
fear; the new prerogative that the Executive has to act un-
lawfully will not be exercised with respect to them. Those
who accede to the Executive's demands, too, will be in the
clear. The wealthy and the well connected will have little
difficulty securing legal representation, going to court, and
obtaining injunctive relief in their own name if the Execu-
tive violates their rights.
Consequently, the zone of lawlessness the majority has
now authorized will disproportionately impact the poor, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Executive's less-than-sterling record of compliance with Supreme Court
rulings to date casts further doubt on this compliance claim; as JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR has explained, the Executive Order at issue here seems to
squarely violate at least one -- and perhaps five -- of our bedrock prece-
dents. See ante, at 7 -- 9 (dissenting opinion).
5 See E. Fraenkel, The Dual State, pp. xiii, 3, 71 (1941) (describing the

way in which the creation of a "Prerogative State" where the Executive
"exercises unlimited arbitrariness... unchecked by any legal guaran-
tees" is incompatible with the rule of law); see also J. Locke, Second Trea-
tise of Civil Government 13 (J. Gough ed. 1948) ("[F]reedom of men under
government is to have a standing rule to live by, common to every one of
that society... and not to be subject to the... arbitrary will of another
man"); The Federalist No. 26, p. 169 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (A. Hamilton)
(contrasting the monarch's "prerogative" with the emergence of "lib-
erty"); Myers v. United States, (1926) (Brandeis, J., dis-
senting) ("[P]rotection of the individual... from the arbitrary or capri-
cious exercise of power [is] an essential of free government"); Youngstown
Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (R. Jackson, J.,
concurring) (observing that our Constitution -- which embodies the rule
of law -- does not grant to the Executive the "prerogative exercised by
George III").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

uneducated, and the unpopular -- i.e., those who may not
have the wherewithal to lawyer up, and will all too often
find themselves beholden to the Executive's whims. This is
yet another crack in the foundation of the rule of law, which
requires "equality and justice in its application." Papa-
christou v. Jacksonville, (1972). In the
end, though, everyone will be affected, because it is law's
evenhanded application -- "to minorities as well as majori-
ties, to the poor as well as the rich" -- that "holds society to-
gether." Ibid.
The majority "skips over" these consequences. Ante, at
23. No one denies that the power of federal courts is lim-
ited -- both by the Constitution and by Congress. But the
majority seems to forget (or ignores) that the Constitution
and Congress also limit the power of the Executive. In ad-
dition, it is indisputable that the Executive's power to lev-
erage physical force in a manner that directly threatens to
deprive people of life, liberty, or property creates uniquely
harmful risks when unconstrained by law. But the majority
today roots its holding in a purported statutory limitation,
not a constitutional one. Ante, at 5,. And, as I have
explained, our Constitution gives federal courts the author-
ity to order the Executive to stop acting unlawfully. See
Part I, supra. To the extent Congress has attempted to
strip federal courts of that power via the Judiciary Act (and,
to be clear, I do not think it has, for the reasons JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR discusses, see ante, at 23 -- 31), it is powerless
to do so.
The bottom line is this: If courts do not have the authority
to require the Executive to adhere to law universally, a
dual-track system develops in which courts are ousted as
guardians in some situations and compliance with law
sometimes becomes a matter of executive prerogative. But
"[t]here can be no free society without law administered
through an independent judiciary." Mine Workers, 330
U. S., at 312 (opinion of Frankfurter, J.). "If one man" -- 
16 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

even a very important man, and even a democratically
elected man -- "can be allowed to determine for himself what
is law, every man can. That means first chaos, then tyr-
anny." Ibid.
B
This leads me to another potentially destructive aspect of
today's decision -- the Court's dismissive treatment of the
solemn duties and responsibilities of the lower courts.
Sworn judicial officers must now put on blinders and take
a see-no-evil stance with respect to harmful executive con-
duct, even though those same officials have already an-
nounced that such conduct is likely unconstitutional. Yes,
certain named plaintiffs have brought particular lawsuits
seeking protection of their legal rights. But their claim is
that Executive Order No. 14160 violates the Constitution.
If the court agrees with them, why on Earth must it permit
that unconstitutional government action to take effect at
all?
I have already explained why the majority's answer -- be-
cause the court is powerless to do anything but give "com-
plete relief " to those parties -- is wrong in terms of the ac-
tual scope of federal courts' authority. See Part I, supra. I
now observe that this response also erroneously suggests
that a court does something wrongful when it imposes a
universal injunction in a single plaintiff 's lawsuit -- akin to
giving a windfall to those who do not deserve the law's pro-
tection because they have not sued. Ante, at 8 -- 9, 12 -- 15.
This way of conceptualizing universal injunctions mistakes
that remedy for the unearned spoils of particular adversar-
ial engagements, rather than a necessary tool employed to
defend the Constitution by reinforcing pre-existing rights.
Here is what I mean. Our Constitution indisputably con-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

fers individual rights that operate as unequivocal protec-
tions against government action.6 Thus, a constrained Ex-
ecutive -- i.e., one who is bound by the Constitution not to
violate people's rights -- is a public benefit, guaranteed to all
from the start, without regard to the nature or existence of
any particular enforcement action.7 Properly understood,
then, when the Executive violates those pre-existing rights
in a nonparticularized manner, a universal injunction
merely restores what the People were always owed; that
remedy does not improperly distribute an unearned benefit
to those who did not have the temerity to secure it for them-
selves by filing a lawsuit.
Or consider it the other way: When a court is prevented
from enjoining the Executive universally after the Execu-
tive establishes a universal practice of stripping people's
constitutional rights, anyone who is entitled to the Consti-
tution's protection but will instead be subjected to the Ex-
ecutive's whims is improperly divested of their inheritance.
The Constitution is flipped on its head, for its promises are
essentially nullified.8 So, rather than having a governing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 See, e.g., Amdt. 1 (prohibiting the government from preventing the

"free exercise" of religion or "abridging the freedom of speech"); Amdt. 2
(prohibiting the government from infringing on the right "to keep and
bear Arms"); Amdt. 4 (prohibiting the government from conducting "un-
reasonable searches and seizures"); Amdt. 5 (prohibiting the government
from depriving persons of "life, liberty, or property, without due process
of law").
7 In this way of framing the issue, nonparties are more than mere "in-

cidental" beneficiaries of universal injunctions that require the Execu-
tive to respect constitutional rights. See, supra. Rather, the very
concept of constitutional rights makes the People intended beneficiaries
of the constraints that the Constitution imposes on executive action.
8 Again, the law binds the Executive from the outset in our constitu-

tional scheme, for the benefit of all. See Part I, supra. Thus, a lawsuit
is merely the vehicle that invokes the Judiciary's power to check the Ex-
ecutive by enforcing the law. The topsy-turvy scheme the majority cre-
ates today gets those well-established norms exactly backward: The law
disappears as an initial constraint on the Executive, and apparently only
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

system characterized by protected rights, the default be-
comes an Executive that can do whatever it wants to whom-
ever it wants, unless and until each affected individual af-
firmatively invokes the law's protection.
A concrete example helps to illustrate why this turnabout
undermines the rule of law. Imagine an Executive who is-
sues a blanket order that is blatantly unconstitutional -- de-
manding, say, that any and all of its political foes be sum-
marily and indefinitely incarcerated in a prison outside the
jurisdiction of the United States, without any hearing or
chance to be heard in court. Shortly after learning of this
edict, one such political rival rushes into court with his law-
yer, claims the Executive's order violates the Constitution,
and secures an injunction that prohibits the Executive from
enforcing that unconstitutional mandate. The upshot of to-
day's decision is that, despite that rival's success in per-
suading a judge of the unconstitutional nature of the Exec-
utive's proclamation, the court's ruling and injunction can
only require the Executive to shelve any no-process incar-
ceration plan that targets that particular individual (the
named plaintiff ); the Executive can keep right on rounding
up its other foes, despite the court's clear and unequivocal
pronouncement that the executive order is unlawful.
The majority today says that, unless and until the other
political rivals seek and secure their own personal injunc-
tions, the Executive can carry on acting unconstitutionally
with respect to each of them, as if the Constitution's due
process requirement does not exist. For those who get to
court in time, their right not to be indefinitely imprisoned
without due process will be protected. But if they are una-
ble to sue or get to the courthouse too late, the majority
says, oh well, there is nothing to be done, despite the fact

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
exists if a particular plaintiff files a particular lawsuit in a particular
court, claiming his (particular) entitlement.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

JACKSON, J., dissenting

that their detention without due process is plainly prohib-
ited by law.
A Martian arriving here from another planet would see
these circumstances and surely wonder: "what good is the
Constitution, then?" What, really, is this system for protect-
ing people's rights if it amounts to this -- placing the onus
on the victims to invoke the law's protection, and rendering
the very institution that has the singular function of ensur-
ing compliance with the Constitution powerless to prevent
the Government from violating it? "Those things Ameri-
cans call constitutional rights seem hardly worth the paper
they are written on!"
These observations are indictments, especially for a Na-
tion that prides itself on being fair and free. But, after to-
day, that is where we are. What the majority has done is
allow the Executive to nullify the statutory and constitu-
tional rights of the uncounseled, the underresourced, and
the unwary, by prohibiting the lower courts from ordering
the Executive to follow the law across the board. Moreover,
officers who have sworn an oath to uphold the law are now
required to allow the Executive to blatantly violate it. Fed-
eral judges pledge to support and defend the Constitution
of the United States against all enemies, foreign or domes-
tic. 5 U. S. C.. They do not agree to permit unconsti-
tutional behavior by the Executive (or anyone else). But the
majority forgets (or ignores) this duty, eagerly imposing a
limit on the power of courts that, in essence, prevents
judges from doing what their oaths require.9
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The majority highlights a number of policy concerns that some say

warrant restriction of the universal-injunction remedy. Ante, at 20 -- 21.
In my view, those downsides pale in comparison to the consequences of
forcing federal courts to acquiesce to executive lawlessness. Moreover,
and in any event, the various practical problems critics have identified
are largely overblown. For example, while many accuse universal in-
junctions of preventing percolation, the facts of this very suit demon-
strate otherwise: Three different District Courts each considered the
merits of Executive Order No. 14160, and appeals are now pending in
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I view the demise of the notion that a federal judge can
order the Executive to adhere to the Constitution -- full
stop -- as a sad day for America. The majority's unpersua-
sive effort to justify this result makes it sadder still. It is
the responsibility of each and every jurist to hold the line.
But the Court now requires judges to look the other way
after finding that the Executive is violating the law, shame-
fully permitting unlawful conduct to continue unabated.
Today's ruling thus surreptitiously stymies the Judici-
ary's core duty to protect and defend constitutional rights.
It does this indirectly, by preventing lower courts from tell-
ing the Executive that it has to stop engaging in conduct
that violates the Constitution. Instead, now, a court's
power to prevent constitutional violations comes with an
asterisk -- a court can make the Executive cease its uncon-
stitutional conduct *but only with respect to the particular
plaintiffs named in the lawsuit before them, leaving the Ex-
ecutive free to violate the constitutional rights of anyone
and everyone else.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
three Courts of Appeals. See supra, at 7. Other prudential concerns are
better addressed in more targeted ways, such as by changing venue rules
to prevent forum or judge shopping, or by encouraging lower courts to
expedite their review, thereby teeing the merits up for this Court as
quickly as possible.
That is not to say that universal injunctions can or should be issued in
every case; a court must always fit its remedy to the particular case be-
fore it, and those particulars may caution against issuing universal relief
in certain instances. See ante, at 22 -- 23 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). But
the Court today for the first time ever adopts a blanket authority-dimin-
ishing rule: It declares that courts do not have the power to exercise their
equitable discretion to order the Executive to completely cease acting
pursuant to an unlawful directive (unless doing so is necessary to provide
complete relief to a given plaintiff ). And, again, this very suit illustrates
why that bright line rule goes much too far. As JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR em-
phasizes, multiple courts have recognized that Executive Order No.
14160 is "patently unconstitutional under settled law," and those courts
thus issued the relief necessary to "protect newborns from the excep-
tional, irreparable harm associated with losing a foundational constitu-
tional right and its immediate benefits." Ibid.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

JACKSON, J., dissenting

* * *
Make no mistake: Today's ruling allows the Executive to
deny people rights that the Founders plainly wrote into our
Constitution, so long as those individuals have not found a
lawyer or asked a court in a particular manner to have their
rights protected. This perverse burden shifting cannot co-
exist with the rule of law. In essence, the Court has now
shoved lower court judges out of the way in cases where ex-
ecutive action is challenged, and has gifted the Executive
with the prerogative of sometimes disregarding the law. As
a result, the Judiciary -- the one institution that is solely re-
sponsible for ensuring our Republic endures as a Nation of
laws -- has put both our legal system, and our system of gov-
ernment, in grave jeopardy.
"The accretion of dangerous power does not come in a
day." Youngstown, 343 U. S., at 594 (opinion of Frankfur-
ter, J.). But "[i]t does come," "from the generative force of
unchecked disregard of the restrictions that fence in even
the most disinterested assertion of authority." Ibid. By
needlessly granting the Government's emergency applica-
tion to prohibit universal injunctions, the Court has cleared
a path for the Executive to choose law-free action at this
perilous moment for our Constitution -- right when the Ju-
diciary should be hunkering down to do all it can to preserve
the law's constraints. I have no doubt that, if judges must
allow the Executive to act unlawfully in some circum-
stances, as the Court concludes today, executive lawless-
ness will flourish, and from there, it is not difficult to pre-
dict how this all ends. Eventually, executive power will
become completely uncontainable, and our beloved consti-
tutional Republic will be no more.
Perhaps the degradation of our rule-of-law regime would
happen anyway. But this Court's complicity in the creation
of a culture of disdain for lower courts, their rulings, and
the law (as they interpret it) will surely hasten the downfall
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

of our governing institutions, enabling our collective de-
mise. At the very least, I lament that the majority is so
caught up in minutiae of the Government's self-serving, fin-
ger-pointing arguments that it misses the plot. The major-
ity forgets (or ignores) that "[w]ith all its defects, delays and
inconveniences, men have discovered no technique for long
preserving free government except that the Executive be
under the law, and that the law be made by parliamentary
deliberations." Id., at 655 (opinion of R. Jackson, J.). Trag-
ically, the majority also shuns this prescient warning: Even
if "[s]uch institutions may be destined to pass away," "it is
the duty of the Court to be last, not first, to give them up."
Ibid.

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
The United States has filed three emergency applications
challenging the scope of a federal court's authority to enjoin
Government officials from enforcing an executive order.
Traditionally, courts issued injunctions prohibiting execu-
tive officials from enforcing a challenged law or policy only
against the plaintiffs in the lawsuit. The injunctions before
us today reflect a more recent development: district courts
asserting the power to prohibit enforcement of a law or pol-
icy against anyone. These injunctions -- known as "univer-
sal injunctions" -- likely exceed the equitable authority that
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Congress has granted to federal courts.1 We therefore grant
the Government's applications to partially stay the injunc-
tions entered below.
I
The applications before us concern three overlapping,
universal preliminary injunctions entered by three differ-
ent District Courts. See 763 F. Supp. 3d 723 (Md. 2025),
appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1153 (CA4); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142
(WD Wash. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 807 (CA9); Doe
v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d 266 (Mass. 2025), appeal pend-
ing, No. 25 -- 1170 (CA1). The plaintiffs -- individuals, organ-
izations, and States -- sought to enjoin the implementation
and enforcement of President Trump's Executive Order No.
14160.2 See Protecting the Meaning and Value of American
Citizenship, 90 Fed. Reg. 8449 (2025). The Executive Order
identifies circumstances in which a person born in the
United States is not "subject to the jurisdiction thereof " and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Such injunctions are sometimes called "nationwide injunctions," re-

flecting their use by a single district court to bar the enforcement of a
law anywhere in the Nation. But the term "universal" better captures
how these injunctions work. Even a traditional, parties-only injunction
can apply beyond the jurisdiction of the issuing court. Steele v. Bulova
Watch Co., (1952) (When "exercising its equity pow-
ers," a district court "may command persons properly before it to cease
or perform acts outside its territorial jurisdiction"). The difference be-
tween a traditional injunction and a universal injunction is not so much
where it applies, but whom it protects: A universal injunction prohibits
the Government from enforcing the law against anyone, anywhere. H.
Wasserman, "Nationwide" Injunctions Are Really "Universal" Injunc-
tions and They Are Never Appropriate, 22 Lewis & Clark L. Rev. 335,
338 (2018).
2 The Government does not dispute -- nor could it -- that the individual

plaintiffs have standing to sue. But it argues that the States lack third-
party standing because their claims rest exclusively on the rights of in-
dividuals. Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884,
pp. 28 -- 32. It also challenges the District Courts' authority to grant relief
to the organizations' members who are not identified in the complaints.
See id., at 22. We do not address these arguments.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

is thus not recognized as an American citizen. See ibid.
Specifically, it sets forth the "policy of the United States" to
no longer issue or accept documentation of citizenship in
two scenarios: "(1) when [a] person's mother was unlawfully
present in the United States and the person's father was
not a United States citizen or lawful permanent resident at
the time of said person's birth, or (2) when [a] person's
mother's presence in the United States was lawful but tem-
porary, and the person's father was not a United States cit-
izen or lawful permanent resident at the time of said per-
son's birth." Ibid. The Executive Order also provides for a
30-day ramp-up period. During that time, the order directs
executive agencies to develop and issue public guidance re-
garding the order's implementation. See id., at 8449 -- 8450.
The plaintiffs filed suit, alleging that the Executive Order
violates the Fourteenth Amendment's Citizenship Clause, as well as of the Nationality Act of 1940, 54 Stat.
1138 (codified at 8 U. S. C. ). In each case, the District
Court concluded that the Executive Order is likely unlawful
and entered a universal preliminary injunction barring var-
ious executive officials from applying the policy to anyone
in the country. And in each case, the Court of Appeals de-
nied the Government's request to stay the sweeping relief.
See 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025); 2025 WL 553485
(CA9, Feb. 19, 2025); 131 F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025).
The Government has now filed three nearly identical ap-
plications seeking to partially stay the universal prelimi-
nary injunctions and limit them to the parties. See Appli-
cation for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884;
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A885;
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A886.3
The applications do not raise -- and thus we do not ad-
dress -- the question whether the Executive Order violates

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Because the applications are materially identical, we cite only the ap-

plication in No. 24A884 throughout the rest of the opinion.
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the Citizenship Clause or Nationality Act. The issue before
us is one of remedy: whether, under the Judiciary Act of
1789, federal courts have equitable authority to issue uni-
versal injunctions.
II
The question whether Congress has granted federal
courts the authority to universally enjoin the enforcement
of an executive or legislative policy plainly warrants our re-
view, as Members of this Court have repeatedly empha-
sized. See, e.g., McHenry v. Texas Top Cop Shop, 604 U. S.
___, ___ (2025) (GORSUCH, J., concurring in grant of stay)
("I would... take this case now to resolve
definitively the question whether a district court may issue
universal injunctive relief "); Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___,
___ -- ___ (2024) (GORSUCH, J., joined by THOMAS and ALITO,
JJ., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 8) ("[T]he pro-
priety of universal injunctive relief [is] a question of great
significance that has been in need of the Court's attention
for some time"); Griffin v. HM Florida-ORL, LLC, 601 U. S.
___, ___ (2023) (statement of KAVANAUGH, J., joined by
BARRETT, J., except as to footnote 1, respecting denial of ap-
plication for stay) (Universal injunctions pre-
sent "an important question that could warrant our review
in the future"); Trump v. Hawaii, (2018)
(THOMAS, J., concurring) ("If [universal injunctions'] popu-
larity continues, this Court must address their legality").
On multiple occasions, and across administrations, the So-
licitor General has asked us to consider the propriety of this
expansive remedy. See, e.g., Application for Stay of Injunc-
tion in McHenry v. Texas Top Cop Shop, Inc., O. T. 2024,
No. 24A653 (Biden administration); Brief for Petitioners in
Trump v. Hawaii, O. T. 2017, No. 17 -- 965 (first Trump ad-
ministration).
It is easy to see why. By the end of the Biden administra-
tion, we had reached "a state of affairs where almost every
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

major presidential act [was] immediately frozen by a fed-
eral district court." W. Baude & S. Bray, Comment, Proper
Parties, Proper Relief, 137 Harv. L. Rev. 153, 174 (2023).
The trend has continued: During the first 100 days of the
second Trump administration, district courts issued ap-
proximately 25 universal injunctions. Congressional Re-
search Service, J. Lampe, Nationwide Injunctions in the
First Hundred Days of the Second Trump Administration 1
(May 16, 2025). As the number of universal injunctions has
increased, so too has the importance of the issue.
III
A
The Government is likely to succeed on the merits of its
argument regarding the scope of relief. See Nken v. Holder,
(2009) (holding that for a stay application
to be granted, the applicant must make " 'a strong showing
that [it] is likely to succeed on the merits' "). A universal
injunction can be justified only as an exercise of equitable
authority, yet Congress has granted federal courts no such
power.4
The Judiciary Act of 1789 endowed federal courts with
jurisdiction over "all suits... in equity,", 1 Stat. 78, and
still today, this statute "is what authorizes the federal
courts to issue equitable remedies," S. Bray & E. Sherwin,
Remedies 442 (4th ed. 2024). Though flexible, this equita-
ble authority is not freewheeling. We have held that the
statutory grant encompasses only those sorts of equitable
remedies "traditionally accorded by courts of equity" at our
country's inception. Grupo Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v.
Alliance Bond Fund, Inc., (1999); see
also, e.g., Payne v. Hook, 7 Wall. 425, 430 (1869) ("The eq-
uity jurisdiction conferred on the Federal courts is the same
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Our decision rests solely on the statutory authority that federal

courts possess under the Judiciary Act of 1789. We express no view on
the Government's argument that Article III forecloses universal relief.
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

that the High Court of Chancery in England possesses").5
We must therefore ask whether universal injunctions are
sufficiently "analogous" to the relief issued " 'by the High
Court of Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution and the enactment of the original Judici-
ary Act.' " Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 318 -- 319 ).
The answer is no: Neither the universal injunction nor
any analogous form of relief was available in the High
Court of Chancery in England at the time of the founding.
Equity offered a mechanism for the Crown "to secure justice
where it would not be secured by the ordinary and existing
processes of law." G. Adams, The Origin of English Equity,
16 Colum. L. Rev. 87, 91 (1916). This "judicial prerogative
of the King" thus extended to "those causes which the ordi-
nary judges were incapable of determining." 1 J. Pomeroy,
Equity Jurisprudence, p. 27 (1881). Eventually, the
Crown instituted the "practice of delegating the cases" that
"came before" the judicial prerogative "to the chancellor for
his sole decision." Id., at 28. This "became the common
mode of dealing with such controversies." Ibid.
Of importance here, suits in equity were brought by and
against individual parties. Indeed, the "general rule in Eq-
uity [was] that all persons materially interested [in the
suit] [were] to be made parties to it." J. Story, Commen-
taries on Equity Pleadings, p. 74 (2d ed. 1840) (Story).
Injunctions were no exception; there were "sometimes suits

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See also Guaranty Trust Co. v. York, (1945) ("[T]he

federal courts [have] no power that they would not have had in any event
when courts were given 'cognizance,' by the first Judiciary Act, of suits
'in equity' "); Boyle v. Zacharie & Turner, 6 Pet. 648, 658 (1832) ("[T]he
settled doctrine of this court is, that the remedies in equity are to be ad-
ministered, not according to the state practice, but according to the prac-
tice of courts of equity in the parent country").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

to restrain the actions of particular officers against partic-
ular plaintiffs." S. Bray, Multiple Chancellors: Reforming
the National Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 425 (2017)
(Bray, Multiple Chancellors). And in cer-
tain cases, the "Attorney General could be a defendant."
Ibid. The Chancellor's remedies were also typically party
specific. "As a general rule, an injunction" could not bind
one who was not a "party to the cause." F. Calvert, Suits in
Equity 120 (2d ed. 1847); see also Iveson v. Harris, 7 Ves.
251, 257, 32 Eng. Rep. 102, 104 (1802) ("[Y]ou cannot have
an injunction except against a party to the suit"). Suffice it
to say, then, under longstanding equity practice in Eng-
land, there was no remedy "remotely like a national injunc-
tion." Bray, Multiple Chancellors 425.
Nor did founding-era courts of equity in the United States
chart a different course. See 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurispru-
dence, at 33 -- 34. If anything, the approach traditionally
taken by federal courts cuts against the existence of such a
sweeping remedy. Consider Scott v. Donald, where the
plaintiff successfully challenged the constitutionality of a
law on which state officials had relied to confiscate alcohol
that the plaintiff kept for personal use. See (1897) (statement of case); id., at 111 -- 112 (opinion of
the Court). Although the plaintiff sought an injunction bar-
ring enforcement of the law against both himself and any-
one else "whose rights [were] infringed and threatened" by
it, this Court permitted only a narrower decree between
"the parties named as plaintiff and defendants in the bill."
Id., at 115 -- 117.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Though the principal dissent claims otherwise, we do not treat Scott

as "dispositive." Post, at 28 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). Under Grupo
Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v. Alliance Bond Fund, Inc., 
(1999), the lack of a historical analogue is dispositive. Scott simply illus-
trates that as late as 1897, this Court adhered to a party-specific view of
relief. And while the principal dissent relies on Smyth v. Ames, (1898), as a counterexample to Scott, see post, at 28 (opinion of
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

In the ensuing decades, we consistently rebuffed requests
for relief that extended beyond the parties. See, e.g., Per-
kins v. Lukens Steel Co., (1940) ("The
benefits of [the court's] injunction" improperly extended "to
bidders throughout the Nation who were not parties to any
proceeding, who were not before the court[,] and who had
sought no relief "); cf. Frothingham v. Mellon, decided with
Massachusetts v. Mellon, -- 489 (1923)
(concluding that the Court lacked authority to issue "pre-
ventive relief " that would apply to people who "suffe[r] in
some indefinite way in common with people generally");
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 433 (explaining that the Froth-
ingham analysis "intertwines concepts of equity, remedies,
and the judicial power"). As Justice Nelson put it while rid-
ing circuit, "[t]here is scarcely a suit at law, or in equity,...
in which a general statute is interpreted, that does not in-
volve a question in which other parties are interested." Cut-
ting v. Gilbert, 6 F. Cas. 1079, 1080 (No. 3,519) (CC SDNY
1865). But to allow all persons subject to the statute to be
treated as parties to a lawsuit "would confound the estab-
lished order of judicial proceedings." Ibid.
Our early refusals to grant relief to nonparties are con-
sistent with the party-specific principles that permeate our
understanding of equity. "[N]either declaratory nor injunc-
tive relief," we have said, "can directly interfere with en-
forcement of contested statutes or ordinances except with
respect to the particular federal plaintiffs." Doran v. Salem
Inn, Inc., (1975); see also Gregory v. Stet-
son, (1890) ("It is an elementary principle
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
SOTOMAYOR, J.), it is unclear why. Even supporters of the universal in-
junction recognize that "the decree [that Smyth] affirmed did not reach
beyond the parties." M. Sohoni, The Lost History of the "Universal" In-
junction, 133 Harv. L. Rev. 920, 939 (2020); Smyth, 169 U. S., at 476 -- 477
(statement of case) ).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

that a court cannot adjudicate directly upon a person's right
without having him either actually or constructively before
it. This principle is fundamental"); Baude, 137 Harv.
L. Rev., at 168 (noting the "party-specific understanding of
what equitable remedies do").
In fact, universal injunctions were not a feature of federal-
court litigation until sometime in the 20th century. See
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 448 -- 452 (discussing various ra-
tionales for the birth of the universal injunction); see also
Application in No. 24A884, at 17 -- 18. The D. C. Circuit is-
sued what some regard as the first universal injunction in
1963. See Wirtz v. Baldor Elec. Co., 337 F. 2d 518, 535 (en-
joining the Secretary of Labor "with respect to the entire
[electric motors and generators] industry," not just the
named plaintiffs to the lawsuit).7 Yet such injunctions re-
mained rare until the turn of the 21st century, when their
use gradually accelerated. See Bray, Multiple Chancellors
439 -- 443 (referencing Flast v. Cohen, (1968),
and Harlem Valley Transp. Assn. v. Stafford, 360 F. Supp.
1057 (SDNY 1973)). One study identified approximately
127 universal injunctions issued between 1963 and 2023.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 There is some dispute about whether Wirtz was the first universal

injunction. Professor Mila Sohoni points to other possible 20th-century
examples, including West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, 
(1943), Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925), and Lewis Pub-
lishing Co. v. Morgan, (1913). See M. Sohoni, 133 Harv.
L. Rev., at 943; Brief for Professor Mila Sohoni as Amica Curiae 3; see
also post, at 21 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). But see M. Morley, Disaggre-
gating the History of Nationwide Injunctions: A Response to Professor
Sohoni, 72 Ala. L. Rev. 239, 252 -- 256 (2020) (disputing these examples).
Regardless, under any account, universal injunctions postdated the
founding by more than a century -- and under Grupo Mexicano, equitable
authority exercised under the Judiciary Act must derive from founding-
era practice. 527 U. S., at 319. It also bears emphasis that none of these
cases addresses the propriety of universal relief. Like a "drive-by-juris-
dictional rulin[g]," implicit acquiescence to a broad remedy "ha[s] no
precedential effect." Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, (1998).
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

See District Court Reform: Nationwide Injunctions, 137
Harv. L. Rev. 1701, 1705 (2024). Ninety-six of them -- over
three quarters -- were issued during the administrations of
President George W. Bush, President Obama, President
Trump, and President Biden. Ibid.
The bottom line? The universal injunction was conspicu-
ously nonexistent for most of our Nation's history. Its ab-
sence from 18th- and 19th-century equity practice settles
the question of judicial authority.8 See Grupo Mexicano,
527 U. S., at 318 -- 319. That the absence continued into the
20th century renders any claim of historical pedigree still
more implausible. Even during the "deluge of constitu-
tional litigation that occurred in the wake of Ex parte
Young, throughout the Lochner Era, and at the dawn of the
New Deal," universal injunctions were nowhere to be found.
M. Morley, Disaggregating the History of Nationwide In-
junctions: A Response to Professor Sohoni, 72 Ala. L. Rev.
239, 252 (2020) (footnotes omitted). Had federal courts be-
lieved themselves to possess the tool, surely they would not
have let it lay idle.
Faced with this timeline, the principal dissent accuses us
of "misunderstand[ing] the nature of equity" as being
"fr[ozen] in amber... at the time of the Judiciary Act."
Post, at 29 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). Not so. We said it
before, see supra, at 5, and say it again: "[E]quity is flexi-
ble." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 322. At the same time,
its "flexibility is confined within the broad boundaries of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The principal dissent faults us for failing to identify a single founding-

era case in which this Court held that universal injunctions exceed a fed-
eral court's equitable authority. See post, at 29 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR,
J.). But this absence only bolsters our case. That this Court had no oc-
casion to reject the universal injunction as inconsistent with traditional
equity practice merely demonstrates that no party even bothered to ask
for such a sweeping remedy -- because no court would have entertained
the request. Cf. Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 332 ("[E]quitable powers
conferred by the Judiciary Act of 1789 did not include the power to create
remedies previously unknown to equity jurisprudence").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

traditional equitable relief."9 Ibid. A modern device need
not have an exact historical match, but under Grupo Mexi-
cano, it must have a founding-era antecedent. And neither
the universal injunction nor a sufficiently comparable pre-
decessor was available from a court of equity at the time of
our country's inception. See id., at 333. Because the uni-
versal injunction lacks a historical pedigree, it falls outside
the bounds of a federal court's equitable authority under
the Judiciary Act.10 See id., at 318 -- 319.
B
Respondents raise several counterarguments, which the
principal dissent echoes. First, they insist that the univer-
sal injunction has a sufficient historical analogue: a decree
resulting from a bill of peace. Second, they maintain that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 Notwithstanding Grupo Mexicano, the principal dissent invokes Ex

parte Young, (1908), as support for the proposition that
equity can encompass remedies that have "no analogue in the relief ex-
ercised in the English Court of Chancery," because Ex parte Young per-
mits plaintiffs to "obtain plaintiff-protective injunctions against Govern-
ment officials," and the English Court of Chancery "could not enjoin the
Crown or English officers," post, at 30 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). But
contrary to the principal dissent's suggestion, Ex parte Young does not
say -- either explicitly or implicitly -- that courts may devise novel reme-
dies that have no background in traditional equitable practice. Histori-
cally, a court of equity could issue an antisuit injunction to prevent an
officer from engaging in tortious conduct. Ex parte Young justifies its
holding by reference to a long line of cases authorizing suits against state
officials in certain circumstances. See 209 U. S., at 150 -- 152 ; Governor of Geor-
gia v. Madrazo, 1 Pet. 110 (1828); and Davis v. Gray, 16 Wall. 203
(1873)). Support for the principal dissent's approach is found not in
Ex parte Young, but in Justice Ginsburg's partial dissent in Grupo Mex-
icano, which eschews the governing historical approach in favor of "[a]
dynamic equity jurisprudence." 527 U. S., at 337 (opinion concurring in
part and dissenting in part).
10 Nothing we say today resolves the distinct question whether the Ad-

ministrative Procedure Act authorizes federal courts to vacate federal
agency action. See 5 U. S. C. (authorizing courts to "hold unlaw-
ful and set aside agency action").
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

universal injunctions are consistent with the principle that
a court of equity may fashion complete relief for the parties.
Third, they argue that universal injunctions serve im-
portant policy objectives.
1
In an effort to satisfy Grupo Mexicano's historical test,
respondents claim that universal injunctive relief does have
a founding-era forebear: the decree obtained on a "bill of
peace," which was a form of group litigation permitted in
English courts. See Opposition to Application in No.
24A884 (CASA), pp. 30 -- 31; see also Brief for Professor Mila
Sohoni as Amica Curiae 6 -- 8. This bill allowed the Chan-
cellor to consolidate multiple suits that involved a "common
claim the plaintiff could have against multiple defendants"
or "some kind of common claim that multiple plaintiffs
could have against a single defendant." Bray, Multiple
Chancellors 426; see How v. Tenants of Bromsgrove, 1 Vern.
22, 23 Eng. Rep. 277 (1681) (suit by a lord against his ten-
ants collectively); Brown v. Vermuden, 1 Ch. Ca. 283, 22
Eng. Rep. 802 (1676), and Brown v. Vermuden, 1 Ch. Ca.
272, 22 Eng. Rep. 796 (1676) (suit by a parson against lead
miners in a parish, who named four of their members to de-
fend the suit in a representative capacity). Universal in-
junctions are analogous to this traditional equitable device,
respondents say, so federal courts have authority under the
Judiciary Act to issue them.
The analogy does not work. True, "bills of peace allowed
[courts of equity] to adjudicate the rights of members of dis-
persed groups without formally joining them to a lawsuit
through the usual procedures." Arizona v. Biden, 40 F. 4th
375, 397 (CA6 2022) (Sutton, C. J., concurring); see Story
-- 135 (discussing representative suits). Even so, their
use was confined to limited circumstances. See 7A C.
Wright, A. Miller, & M. Kane, Federal Practice and Proce-
dure, p. 10, and (4th ed. 2021) 13

Opinion of the Court

New River Co., 11 Ves. 429, 32 Eng. Rep. 1154 (Ch. 1803)).
Unlike universal injunctions, which reach anyone affected
by legislative or executive action -- no matter how large the
group or how tangential the effect -- a bill of peace involved
a "group [that] was small and cohesive," and the suit did
not "resolve a question of legal interpretation for the entire
realm." Bray, Multiple Chancellors 426. And unlike uni-
versal injunctions, which bind only the parties to the suit,
decrees obtained on a bill of peace "would bind all members
of the group, whether they were present in the action or
not." 7A Wright, Federal Practice and Procedure, at
10; see Smith v. Swormstedt, 16 How. 288, 303 (1854)
(When "a court of equity permits a portion of the parties in
interest to represent the entire body... the decree binds all
of them the same as if all were before the court"); see also
Story ("[I]n most, if not in all, cases of this sort, the
decree obtained upon such a Bill will ordinarily be held
binding upon all other persons standing in the same predic-
ament"). As Chief Judge Sutton aptly put it, "[t]he domes-
ticated animal known as a bill of peace looks nothing like
the dragon of nationwide injunctions." Arizona, 40 F. 4th,
at 397 (concurring opinion).
The bill of peace lives in modern form, but not as the uni-
versal injunction. It evolved into the modern class action,
which is governed in federal court by Rule 23 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure. 7A Wright, Federal Practice and
Procedure, at 10 ("It was the English bill of peace
that developed into what is now known as the class action");
see Hansberry v. Lee, (1940) ("The class suit
was an invention of equity"). And while Rule 23 is in some
ways "more restrictive of representative suits than the orig-
inal bills of peace," Rodgers v. Bryant, 942 F. 3d 451, 464
(CA8 2019) (Stras, J., concurring), it would still be recog-
nizable to an English Chancellor. Rule 23 requires numer-
osity (such that joinder is impracticable), common ques-
tions of law or fact, typicality, and representative parties
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

who adequately protect the interests of the class. Fed. Rule
Civ. Proc. 23(a). The requirements for a bill of peace were
virtually identical. See 7A Wright, Federal Practice and
Procedure, at 10, and. None of these requirements is a pre-
requisite for a universal injunction.
Rule 23's limits on class actions underscore a significant
problem with universal injunctions. A " 'properly conducted
class action,' " we have said, "can come about in federal
courts in just one way -- through the procedure set out in
Rule 23." Smith v. Bayer Corp., (2011);
Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(a) ("One or more members of a class
may sue or be sued as representative parties on behalf of all
members only if " Rule 23(a)'s requirements are satisfied
). Yet by forging a shortcut to relief that
benefits parties and nonparties alike, universal injunctions
circumvent Rule 23's procedural protections and allow
" 'courts to "create de facto class actions at will." ' " Smith,
564 U. S., at 315 ). Why bother with a Rule 23 class action when
the quick fix of a universal injunction is on the table? Cf.
Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 330 -- 331 ("Why go through
the trouble of complying with local attachment and garnish-
ment statutes when this all-purpose prejudgment injunc-
tion is available?"). The principal dissent's suggestion that
these suits could have satisfied Rule 23's requirements
simply proves that universal injunctions are a class-action
workaround. Post, at 25 -- 26 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.).
The taxpayer suit is a similarly inadequate historical
analogy. Contra, post, at 24 -- 25. In a successful taxpayer
suit, a court would enjoin the collection of an unlawful tax
against "taxpayers joined as co-plaintiffs, or by one tax-
payer suing on behalf of himself and all others similarly sit-
uated." 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 277. To
be sure, some state courts would occasionally "enjoin the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

enforcement and collection" of taxes against an "entire com-
munity," even when a "single taxpayer su[ed] on his own
account." Id., at 277 -- 278. But the practice of extending
relief "with respect to any taxpayer" was not adopted by
state courts until the mid-19th century, and even then, not
all states were willing to provide such sweeping relief. See
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 427. This post-founding prac-
tice of some state courts thus sheds minimal light on federal
courts' equitable authority under the Judiciary Act. What
is more, in Frothingham, we refused to allow a single tax-
payer to challenge a federal appropriations act. 262 U. S.,
at 486 -- 487. That counsels against placing much, if any, re-
liance on taxpayer suits as justification for the modern uni-
versal injunction.
2
Respondents contend that universal injunctions -- or at
least these universal injunctions -- are consistent with the
principle that a court of equity may fashion a remedy that
awards complete relief. See Opposition to Application in
No. 24A884 (CASA), at 22 -- 25; Opposition to Application in
No. 24A885 (Washington), pp. 28 -- 32; Opposition to Appli-
cation in No. 24A886 (New Jersey), pp. 31 -- 39. We agree
that the complete-relief principle has deep roots in equity.
But to the extent respondents argue that it justifies the
award of relief to nonparties, they are mistaken.11
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 JUSTICE JACKSON, for her part, thinks the "premise" that universal

injunctions provide relief to nonparties is "suspect" because, in her view,
"[n]onparties may benefit from an injunction, but only the plaintiff gets
relief." Post, at 8 -- 9, (dissenting opinion). The availability of con-
tempt proceedings suggests otherwise. Consider the civil contempt con-
text. Under "traditional principles of equity practice," courts may "im-
pos[e] civil contempt sanctions to 'coerce [a] defendant into compliance'
with an injunction." Taggart v. Lorenzen, (2019)
).
Generally, civil contempt proceedings occur between the original parties
to the lawsuit. See Gompers v. Bucks Stove & Range Co., TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

"Complete relief " is not synonymous with "universal re-
lief." It is a narrower concept: The equitable tradition has
long embraced the rule that courts generally "may admin-
ister complete relief between the parties." Kinney-Coastal
Oil Co. v. Kieffer, (1928). While party-specific injunctions sometimes "ad-
vantag[e] nonparties," Trump, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS,
J., concurring), they do so only incidentally.
Consider an archetypal case: a nuisance in which one
neighbor sues another for blasting loud music at all hours
of the night. To afford the plaintiff complete relief, the court
has only one feasible option: order the defendant to turn her
music down -- or better yet, off. That order will necessarily
benefit the defendant's surrounding neighbors too; there is
no way "to peel off just the portion of the nuisance that
harmed the plaintiff." Rodgers, 942 F. 3d, at 462 (Stras, J.,
concurring); see A. Woolhandler & C. Nelson, Does History
Defeat Standing Doctrine? 102 Mich. L. Rev. 689, 702
(2004). But while the court's injunction might have the
practical effect of benefiting nonparties, "that benefit [is]
merely incidental." Trump, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring); see also 3 J. Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, pp. 380 -- 381 (1883).12 As a matter of law, the injunc-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
444 -- 445 (1911). But a federal court's "power in civil contempt proceed-
ings is determined by the requirements of full remedial relief " to "effect
compliance with its decree." McComb v. Jacksonville Paper Co., -- 194 (1949). And "[w]hen an order grants relief for a non-
party," as is the case with universal injunctions,"the procedure for en-
forcing the order is the same as for a party." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 71; see,
e.g., Zamecnik v. Indiana Prairie School Dist. No. 204, 636 F. 3d 874, 879
(CA7 2011). So a nonparty covered by a universal injunction is likely to
reap both the practical benefit and the formal relief of the injunction.
See M. Smith, Only Where Justified: Toward Limits and Explanatory
Requirements for Nationwide Injunctions, 95 Notre Dame L. Rev. 2013,
2019 (2020).
12 There may be other injuries for which it is all but impossible for
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

tion's protection extends only to the suing plaintiff -- as evi-
denced by the fact that only the plaintiff can enforce the
judgment against the defendant responsible for the nui-
sance. If the nuisance persists, and another neighbor wants
to shut it down, she must file her own suit.13
The individual and associational respondents are there-
fore wrong to characterize the universal injunction as
simply an application of the complete-relief principle. Un-
der this principle, the question is not whether an injunction
offers complete relief to everyone potentially affected by an
allegedly unlawful act; it is whether an injunction will offer
complete relief to the plaintiffs before the court. See Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979) ("[I]njunctive
relief should be no more burdensome to the defendant than
necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs" (em-
phasis added)). Here, prohibiting enforcement of the Exec-
utive Order against the child of an individual pregnant
plaintiff will give that plaintiff complete relief: Her child
will not be denied citizenship. Extending the injunction to
cover all other similarly situated individuals would not ren-
der her relief any more complete.
The complete-relief inquiry is more complicated for the
state respondents, because the relevant injunction does not
purport to directly benefit nonparties. Instead, the District
Court for the District of Massachusetts decided that a uni-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts to craft relief that is complete and benefits only the named plain-
tiffs. See, e.g., Shaw v. Hunt, (1996) (racially gerryman-
dered congressional maps).
13 The new plaintiff might be able to assert nonmutual offensive issue

preclusion. See Parklane Hosiery Co. v. Shore, -- 332
(1979) (setting forth prerequisites for applying the doctrine). But non-
mutual offensive issue preclusion is unavailable against the United
States. United States v. Mendoza, (1984). That uni-
versal injunctions end-run this rule is one of the Government's objections
to them.
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

versal injunction was necessary to provide the States them-
selves with complete relief. See 766 F. Supp. 3d, at 288.14
The States maintain that the District Court made the right
call. See Opposition to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jer-
sey), at 31 -- 39.
As the States see it, their harms -- financial injuries and
the administrative burdens flowing from citizen-dependent
benefits programs -- cannot be remedied without a blanket
ban on the enforcement of the Executive Order. See, e.g.,
id., at 9 -- 11. Children often move across state lines or are
born outside their parents' State of residence. Id., at 31, 35.
Given the cross-border flow, the States say, a "patchwork
injunction" would prove unworkable, because it would re-
quire them to track and verify the immigration status of the
parents of every child, along with the birth State of every
child for whom they provide certain federally funded bene-
fits. Ibid.
The Government -- unsurprisingly -- sees matters differ-
ently. It retorts that even if the injunction is designed to
benefit only the States, it is "more burdensome than neces-
sary to redress" their asserted harms. Califano, 442 U. S.,
at 702. After all, to say that a court can award complete
relief is not to say that it should do so. Complete relief is
not a guarantee -- it is the maximum a court can provide.
And in equity, "the broader and deeper the remedy the
plaintiff wants, the stronger the plaintiff 's story needs to
be." S. Bray & P. Miller, Getting into Equity, 97 Notre
Dame L. Rev. 1763, 1797 (2022). In short, "[t]he essence of
equity jurisdiction has been the power of the Chancellor to
do equity and to mould each decree to the necessities of the
particular case." Hecht Co. v. Bowles, 
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 The District Court for the Western District of Washington acknowl-

edged the state respondents' complete-relief argument but primarily
granted a universal injunction on the basis that the "extreme nature of
the equities... alone warrant[ed] nationwide relief." 765 F. Supp. 3d
1142, 1153 (2025).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

(1944).
Leaning on these principles, the Government contends
that narrower relief is appropriate. For instance, the Dis-
trict Court could forbid the Government to apply the Exec-
utive Order within the respondent States, including to chil-
dren born elsewhere but living in those States. Application
in No. 24A884, at 23. Or, the Government says, the District
Court could direct the Government to "treat covered chil-
dren as eligible for purposes of federally funded welfare
benefits." Ibid. It asks us to stay the injunction insofar as
it sweeps too broadly.
We decline to take up these arguments in the first in-
stance. The lower courts should determine whether a nar-
rower injunction is appropriate; we therefore leave it to
them to consider these and any related arguments.
3
Respondents also defend universal injunctions as a mat-
ter of policy. They argue that a universal injunction is
sometimes the only practical way to quickly protect groups
from unlawful government action. See Opposition to Appli-
cation in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 26 -- 27; see also A. Frost,
In Defense of Nationwide Injunctions, 93 N. Y. U. L. Rev.
1065, 1090 -- 1094 (2018) (suggesting that universal injunc-
tions are appropriate when not all interested individuals
can come quickly to court); post, at 37 -- 39 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). Respondents also contend that universal in-
junctions are an appropriate remedy to preserve equal
treatment among individuals when the Executive Branch
adopts a facially unlawful policy. Opposition to Application
in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 25 -- 27; cf. post, at 22
(SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). And they suggest that forcing
plaintiffs to proceed on an individual basis can result in con-
fusion or piecemeal litigation that imposes unnecessary
costs on courts and others. See Opposition to Application
in No. 24A885 (Washington), at 31 -- 32; Frost, 93 N. Y. U.
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

L. Rev., at 1098 -- 1101; see also post, at 31 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). So, they insist, universal injunctions must be
permitted for the good of the system.
The Government advances policy arguments running the
other way. Echoing Chief Judge Sutton, the Government
asserts that avoiding a patchwork enforcement system is a
justification that "lacks a limiting principle and would
make nationwide injunctions the rule rather than the ex-
ception" for challenges to many kinds of federal law. Ari-
zona, 40 F. 4th, at 397 (concurring opinion). It stresses -- as
the principal dissent also observes -- that universal injunc-
tions incentivize forum shopping, since a successful chal-
lenge in one jurisdiction entails relief nationwide. See Ap-
plication in No. 24A884, at 19 -- 20; see also post, at 22
(opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). In a similar vein, the Govern-
ment observes that universal injunctions operate asymmet-
rically: A plaintiff must win just one suit to secure sweeping
relief. But to fend off such an injunction, the Government
must win everywhere. See Application in No. 24A884,
at 19 -- 20; see also post, at 22 -- 23 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.)
(acknowledging this concern).15 Moreover, the Government
contends, the practice of universal injunctions means that
highly consequential cases are often decided in a "fast
and furious" process of " 'rushed, high-stakes, [and] low-
information' " decisionmaking. Labrador, 601 U. S., at ___
(GORSUCH, J., concurring in grant of stay).
When a district court issues a universal injunction, thereby
halting the enforcement of federal policy, the Government
says that it has little recourse but to proceed to the court of
appeals for an emergency stay. The loser in the court of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
15 The Government contrasts this with class actions. A judgment in a

Rule 23 class action (favorable or not) binds the whole class -- so if the
defendant wins, it is protected from future suits. But because an adverse
ruling on a request for universal relief lacks this preclusive effect, plain-
tiffs can continue to file in different forums until they find a court willing
to award such relief.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

appeals will then seek a stay from this Court. See Applica-
tion in No. 24A884, at 20. This process forces courts to re-
solve significant and difficult questions of law on a highly
expedited basis and without full briefing. See ibid.16
The upshot: As with most disputed issues, there are ar-
guments on both sides. But as with most questions of law,
the policy pros and cons are beside the point. Under our
well-established precedent, the equitable relief available in
the federal courts is that "traditionally accorded by courts
of equity" at the time of our founding. Grupo Mexicano, 527
U. S., at 319. Nothing like a universal injunction was avail-
able at the founding, or for that matter, for more than a
century thereafter. Thus, under the Judiciary Act, federal
courts lack authority to issue them.
C
The principal dissent focuses on conventional legal ter-
rain, like the Judiciary Act of 1789 and our cases on equity.
JUSTICE JACKSON, however, chooses a startling line of at-
tack that is tethered neither to these sources nor, frankly,
to any doctrine whatsoever. Waving away attention to the
limits on judicial power as a "mind-numbingly technical
query," post, at 3 (dissenting opinion), she offers a vision of

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
16 Acknowledging these problems, the principal dissent admits that

"[t]here may be good reasons not to issue universal injunctions in the
typical case." Post, at 23 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). This concession,
while welcome, is inconsistent with the position that the universal in-
junction is a "nothing to see here" extension of the kind of decree obtained
on a bill of peace. Neither the principal dissent nor respondents have
pointed to any evidence that such decrees presented any of the universal
injunction's systemic problems or that they were reserved for situations
in which the defendant's conduct was "patently unconstitutional" and
risked "exceptional" harm. Post, at 22 -- 23. It is precisely because the
universal injunction is a new, potent remedy that it poses new, potent
risks. Our observation in Grupo Mexicano rings true here: "Even when
sitting as a court in equity, we have no authority to craft a 'nuclear
weapon' of the law." 527 U. S., at 332.
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the judicial role that would make even the most ardent de-
fender of judicial supremacy blush. In her telling, the fun-
damental role of courts is to "order everyone (including the
Executive) to follow the law -- full stop." Post, at 2; see also
post, at 10 ("[T]he function of the courts -- both in theory and
in practice -- necessarily includes announcing what the law
requires in... suits for the benefit of all who are protected
by the Constitution, not merely doling out relief to injured
private parties"); see also post, at 11, 15. And, she
warns, if courts lack the power to "require the Executive to
adhere to law universally," post, at 15, courts will leave a
"gash in the basic tenets of our founding charter that could
turn out to be a mortal wound," post, at 12.
Rhetoric aside, JUSTICE JACKSON's position is difficult to
pin down. She might be arguing that universal injunctions
are appropriate -- even required -- whenever the defendant
is part of the Executive Branch. See, e.g., post, at 3, 10 -- 12,
16 -- 18. If so, her position goes far beyond the mainstream
defense of universal injunctions. See, e.g., Frost, 93
N. Y. U. L. Rev., at 1069 ("Nationwide injunctions come
with significant costs and should never be the default rem-
edy in cases challenging federal executive action"). As best
we can tell, though, her argument is more extreme still, be-
cause its logic does not depend on the entry of a universal
injunction: JUSTICE JACKSON appears to believe that the
reasoning behind any court order demands "universal ad-
herence," at least where the Executive is concerned. Post,
at 2 (dissenting opinion). In her law-declaring vision of the
judicial function, a district court's opinion is not just per-
suasive, but has the legal force of a judgment. But see Haa-
land v. Brackeen, (2023) ("It is a federal
court's judgment, not its opinion, that remedies an injury").
Once a single district court deems executive conduct unlaw-
ful, it has stated what the law requires. And the Executive
must conform to that view, ceasing its enforcement of the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

law against anyone, anywhere.17
We will not dwell on JUSTICE JACKSON's argument, which
is at odds with more than two centuries' worth of precedent,
not to mention the Constitution itself. We observe only this:
JUSTICE JACKSON decries an imperial Executive while em-
bracing an imperial Judiciary.
No one disputes that the Executive has a duty to follow
the law. But the Judiciary does not have unbridled author-
ity to enforce this obligation -- in fact, sometimes the law
prohibits the Judiciary from doing so. See, e.g., Marbury v.
Madison, 1 Cranch 137 (1803) (concluding that James Mad-
ison had violated the law but holding that the Court lacked
jurisdiction to issue a writ of mandamus ordering him to
follow it). But see post, at 15 (JACKSON, J., dissenting) ("If
courts do not have the authority to require the Executive to
adhere to law universally,... compliance with law some-
times becomes a matter of Executive prerogative"). Observ-
ing the limits on judicial authority -- including, as relevant
here, the boundaries of the Judiciary Act of 1789 -- is re-
quired by a judge's oath to follow the law.
JUSTICE JACKSON skips over that part. Because analyz-
ing the governing statute involves boring "legalese," post, at
3, she seeks to answer "a far more basic question of enor-
mous practical significance: May a federal court in the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
17 Think about what this position means. If a judge in the District of

Alaska holds that a criminal statute is unconstitutional, can the United
States prosecute a defendant under that statute in the District of Mary-
land? Perhaps JUSTICE JACKSON would instinctively say yes; it is hard to
imagine anyone saying no. But why, on JUSTICE JACKSON's logic, does it
not violate the rule of law for the Executive to initiate a prosecution else-
where? See post, at 2 (dissenting opinion). Among its many problems,
JUSTICE JACKSON's view is at odds with our system of divided judicial au-
thority. See, e.g., this Court's Rule 10(a) (identifying conflict in the deci-
sions of the courts of appeals as grounds for granting certiorari). It is
also in considerable tension with the reality that district court opinions
lack precedential force even vis-à-vis other judges in the same judicial
district. See Camreta v. Greene, (2011).
24 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

United States of America order the Executive to follow the
law?" Ibid. In other words, it is unnecessary to consider
whether Congress has constrained the Judiciary; what mat-
ters is how the Judiciary may constrain the Executive.
JUSTICE JACKSON would do well to heed her own admoni-
tion: "[E]veryone, from the President on down, is bound by
law." Ibid. That goes for judges too.
IV
Finally, the Government must show a likelihood that it
will suffer irreparable harm absent a stay. Nken, 556 U. S.,
at 434 -- 435. When a federal court enters a universal injunc-
tion against the Government, it "improper[ly] intru[des]" on
"a coordinate branch of the Government" and prevents the
Government from enforcing its policies against nonparties.
INS v. Legalization Assistance Project of Los Angeles
County Federation of Labor, (1993)
(O'Connor, J., in chambers). That is enough to justify in-
terim relief.
The principal dissent disagrees, insisting that "it strains
credulity to treat the Executive Branch as irreparably
harmed" by these injunctions, even if they are overly broad.
Post, at 17 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.); see also Opposition
to Application in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 16 -- 20. That is so,
the principal dissent argues, because the Executive Order
is unconstitutional. Thus, "the Executive Branch has no
right to enforce [it] against anyone." Post, at 15.
The principal dissent's analysis of the Executive Order is
premature because the birthright citizenship issue is not
before us.18 And because the birthright citizenship issue is
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
18 The dissent worries that the Citizenship Clause challenge will never

reach this Court, because if the plaintiffs continue to prevail, they will
have no reason to petition for certiorari. And if the Government keeps
losing, it will "ha[ve] no incentive to file a petition here... because the
outcome of such an appeal would be preordained." Post, at 42 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). But at oral argument, the Solicitor General acknowl-
edged that challenges to the Executive Order are pending in multiple
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

Opinion of the Court

not before us, we take no position on whether the dissent's
analysis is right. The dissent is wrong to say, however, that
a stay applicant cannot demonstrate irreparable harm from
a threshold error without also showing that, at the end of
the day, it will prevail on the underlying merits. That is
not how the Nken factors work. See 556 U. S., at 434. For
instance, when we are asked to stay an execution on the
grounds of a serious legal question, we ask whether the cap-
ital defendant is likely to prevail on the merits of the issue
before us, not whether he is likely to prevail on the merits
of the underlying suit. See, e.g., Gutierrez v. Saenz, 603
U. S. ___ (2024) (granting application for a stay based on a
question implicating the prisoner's standing to attempt to
access DNA testing). The same is true when an applicant
seeks a stay in other contexts. See, e.g., OPM v. AFGE, 604
U. S. ___ (2025) (granting application for stay because the
organizational plaintiffs' allegations were "insufficient to
support [their] standing"). So too here.
The question before us is whether the Government is
likely to suffer irreparable harm from the District Courts'
entry of injunctions that likely exceed the authority con-
ferred by the Judiciary Act. The answer to that question is
yes. See Coleman v. Paccar Inc., -- 1308
(1976) (Rehnquist, C. J., in chambers); Trump v. Interna-
tional Refugee Assistance Project, -- 579
(2017) (per curiam); see also Maryland v. King, (2012) (ROBERTS, C. J., in chambers) (" '[A]ny
time a State is enjoined by a court from effectuating stat-
utes enacted by representatives of its people, it suffers a
form of irreparable injury' " ). And
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
circuits, Tr. of Oral Arg. 50, and when asked directly "When you lose one
of those, do you intend to seek cert?", the Solicitor General responded,
"yes, absolutely." Ibid. And while the dissent speculates that the Gov-
ernment would disregard an unfavorable opinion from this Court, the
Solicitor General represented that the Government will respect both the
judgments and the opinions of this Court. See id., at 62 -- 63.
26 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the balance of equities does not counsel against awarding
the Government interim relief: Partial stays will cause no
harm to respondents because they will remain protected by
the preliminary injunctions to the extent necessary and ap-
propriate to afford them complete relief.
* * *
Some say that the universal injunction "give[s] the Judi-
ciary a powerful tool to check the Executive Branch."
Trump, 585 U. S., at 720 (THOMAS, J., concurring) ;
S. Malveaux, Class Actions, Civil Rights, and the National
Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. Forum, 56, 57, 60 -- 62 (2017)).
But federal courts do not exercise general oversight of the
Executive Branch; they resolve cases and controversies con-
sistent with the authority Congress has given them. When
a court concludes that the Executive Branch has acted un-
lawfully, the answer is not for the court to exceed its power,
too.
The Government's applications to partially stay the pre-
liminary injunctions are granted, but only to the extent that
the injunctions are broader than necessary to provide com-
plete relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue. The lower
courts shall move expeditiously to ensure that, with respect
to each plaintiff, the injunctions comport with this rule and
otherwise comply with principles of equity. The injunctions
are also stayed to the extent that they prohibit executive
agencies from developing and issuing public guidance about
the Executive's plans to implement the Executive Order.
Consistent with the Solicitor General's representation, 
of the Executive Order shall not take effect until 30 days
after the date of this opinion. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 55.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring.
The Court today holds that federal courts may not issue
so-called universal injunctions. I agree and join in full. As
the Court explains, the Judiciary Act of 1789 -- the statute
that " 'authorizes the federal courts to issue equitable rem-
edies' " -- does not permit universal injunctions. Ante, at 5.
It authorizes only those remedies traditionally available in
equity, and there is no historical tradition allowing courts
to provide "relief that extend[s] beyond the parties." Ante,
at 5 -- 11. That conclusion is dispositive: As I have previously
explained, "[i]f district courts have any authority to issue
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

THOMAS, J., concurring

universal injunctions," it must come from some specific
statutory or constitutional grant. Trump v. Hawaii, -- 714 (2018) (concurring opinion). But, the
Judiciary Act is the only real possibility, and serious consti-
tutional questions would arise even if Congress purported
to one day allow universal injunctions. See id., at 714, ;
see also United States v. Texas, -- 694
(2023) (GORSUCH, J., concurring in judgment).
I write separately to emphasize the majority's guidance
regarding how courts should tailor remedies specific to the
parties. Courts must not distort "the rule that injunctive
relief should be no more burdensome to the defendant than
necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs." Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979). Otherwise,
they risk replicating the problems of universal injunctions
under the guise of granting complete relief.
As the Court recognizes, the complete-relief principle op-
erates as a ceiling: In no circumstance can a court award
relief beyond that necessary to redress the plaintiffs' inju-
ries. See ante, at 18 ("Complete relief is not a guarantee -- 
it is the maximum a court can provide"). This limitation
follows from both Article III and traditional equitable prac-
tice. Because Article III limits courts to resolving specific
"Cases" and "Controversies," see U. S. Const., Art. III, it
requires that any remedy "be tailored to redress the plain-
tiff 's particular injury." Gill v. Whitford, 
(2018). And, equitable remedies historically operated on a
plaintiff-specific basis. Ante, at 6 -- 9. Accordingly, any
"remedy must of course be limited to the inadequacy that
produced the injury in fact that the plaintiff has estab-
lished." Lewis v. Casey, (1996).
Courts therefore err insofar as they treat complete relief
as a mandate. Some judges have read our precedents to
suggest that courts should provide plaintiffs whatever rem-
edy is necessary to give them complete relief. See, e.g.,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

Mock v. Garland, 75 F. 4th 563, 587 (CA5 2023) ("[I]njunc-
tions should be crafted to 'provide complete relief to the
plaintiffs' "); Z. Siddique, Nationwide Injunctions, 117
Colum. L. Rev. 2095, 2106 (2017) ("[C]ourts... tailor their
injunctions to provide complete relief to the parties -- no less
and no more"). But, that reading misunderstands the com-
plete-relief principle.
This principle reflects the equitable "rule that courts gen-
erally 'may administer complete relief between the par-
ties.' " Ante, at 16 (emphasis deleted). It is an important
"aim of the law of remedies... to put the plaintiff in her
rightful position." S. Bray, Multiple Chancellors: Reform-
ing the National Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 466
(2017) (Bray). But, "to say that a court can award complete
relief is not to say that it should do so." Ante, at 18. And,
in some circumstances, a court cannot award complete re-
lief.
As the Court today affirms, any relief must fall within
traditional limits on a court's equitable powers. See ante,
at 5 -- 6 ; Payne v.
Hook, 7 Wall. 425, 430 (1869)). Courts must ask whether
the relief plaintiffs seek "was traditionally accorded by
courts of equity." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 319. And,
they must ensure that any injunctions comport with both
the complete-relief principle and other "principles of eq-
uity." Ante, at 26. For example, courts may need to weigh
considerations such as equity's concern "with justice...
also for the defendant." Bray 468; see H. McClintock,
Handbook of the Principles of Equity 78 (2d ed. 1948). In
some cases, traditional equitable limits will require courts
and plaintiffs to make do with less than complete relief.
This Court's decision in Frothingham v. Mellon, decided
with Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923), exem-
plifies this constraint. Appellant Frothingham sought to
"enjoin the execution of a federal appropriation act" on the
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

THOMAS, J., concurring

grounds that the Act exceeded the Government's authority
and that its execution would improperly increase her tax
burden. Id., at 479, 486. On a maximalist view of the com-
plete-relief principle, Frothingham would have been enti-
tled to a national injunction had her claim been meritori-
ous. After all, "a prohibition on using her tax money for the
[statute] would have been wholly ineffectual" in remedying
the injury caused by unlawful federal spending, given "the
fungibility of money": The Government would still have
been free to execute the statute, so long as it labeled the
underlying funds as coming from other taxpayers. Bray
431. A court thus would have needed to enjoin all spending
under the statute to provide effective relief. But, this Court
rejected Frothingham's request for such an injunction as
beyond "the preventive powers of a court of equity." 262
U. S., at 487. Among other reasons, it emphasized that an
individual taxpayer's "interest in the moneys of the Treas-
ury" was "comparatively minute and indeterminable," and
that the petitioner had not suffered any "direct injury" but
rather was "suffer[ing] in some indefinite way in common
with people generally." Id., at 487 -- 488.*
To be sure, "[w]hat counts as complete relief " can be a
difficult question. Bray 467. Many plaintiffs argue that
only sweeping relief can redress their injuries. And, I do
not dispute that there will be cases requiring an "indivisible
remedy" that incidentally benefits third parties, Tr. of Oral
Arg., 14 -- 15, such as "[i]njunctions barring public nui-
sances," Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS, J., concurring).
But, such cases are by far the exception.
An indivisible remedy is appropriate only when it would
be "all but impossible" to devise relief that reaches only the
plaintiffs. Ante, at 16 -- 17,. Such impossibility is a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Although courts now treat Frothingham primarily as a case about
taxpayer standing, its analysis in fact "intertwine[d] concepts of equity,
remedies, and the judicial power." Bray 430 -- 433; see ante, at 8.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring

high bar. For example, the Court today readily dispatches
with the individual and associational respondents' position
that they require a universal injunction, notwithstanding
their argument that a "plaintiff-specific injunction" would
be difficult to administer and would subject the associa-
tions' members to the burden of having "to identify and dis-
close to the government" their membership. Tr. of Oral Arg.
141 -- 142. As the Court recognizes, "prohibiting enforce-
ment of the Executive Order against the child of an individ-
ual pregnant plaintiff " is all that is required to "give that
plaintiff complete relief." Ante, at 17. Courts may not use
the complete-relief principle to revive the universal injunc-
tion.
* * *
For good reason, the Court today puts an end to the "in-
creasingly common" practice of federal courts issuing uni-
versal injunctions. Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 713 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring). The Court also makes clear that the complete-
relief principle provides a ceiling on federal courts' author-
ity, which must be applied alongside other "principles of eq-
uity" and our holding that universal injunctions are imper-
missible. Ante, at 26. Lower courts should carefully heed
this Court's guidance and cabin their grants of injunctive
relief in light of historical equitable limits. If they cannot
do so, this Court will continue to be "dutybound" to inter-
vene. Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 721 (THOMAS, J., concurring).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

ALITO, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins, con-
curring.
I join the opinion of the Court but write separately to note
two related issues that are left unresolved and potentially
threaten the practical significance of today's decision: the
availability of third-party standing and class certification.
First, the Court does not address the weighty issue
whether the state plaintiffs have third-party standing to as-
sert the Citizenship Clause claims of their individual resi-
dents. See ante, at 2, ; see also ante, at 26 ("The Gov-
ernment's applications to partially stay the preliminary
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

ALITO, J., concurring

injunctions are granted, but only to the extent that the in-
junctions are broader than necessary to provide complete
relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue" ). Ordinarily, "a litigant must assert his or her own
legal rights and interests, and cannot rest a claim to relief
on the legal rights or interests of third parties." Powers v.
Ohio, (1991). In limited circumstances,
however, the Court has permitted a party to assert the
rights of a third party. Admittedly, the Court has not
pinned down the precise circumstances in which third-
party standing is permissible. See Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v.
Static Control Components, Inc., (2014). And commentators have emphasized the need for
"greater doctrinal coherence." C. Bradley & E. Young, Un-
packing Third-Party Standing, 131 Yale L. J. 1, 7 (2021)
(Bradley & Young).
But at a minimum, we have said that a litigant seeking
to assert the legal rights or interests of others must demon-
strate ordinary Article III standing for itself and answer
the additional "threshold question whether [it has] stand-
ing to raise the rights of others." Kowalski v. Tesmer, (2004). But see FDA v. Alliance for Hippo-
cratic Medicine, (2024) (THOMAS, J., con-
curring). This latter requirement, as we have explained,
entails a showing that the litigant has a "close relationship"
to the right holder and that there is some " 'hindrance' " to
the right holder's ability to "protect his own interests."
Kowalski, 543 U. S., at 130. So long as third-party standing doctrine remains good
law, federal courts should take care to apply these limita-
tions conscientiously, including against state plaintiffs.
That is especially so in cases such as these, in which the
parties claiming third-party standing (i.e., the States) are
not directly subject to the challenged policy in the relevant
respect and face, at most, collateral injuries. See Bradley
& Young 56 -- 60.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

ALITO, J., concurring

Today's decision only underscores the need for rigorous
and evenhanded enforcement of third-party-standing limi-
tations. The Court holds today that injunctive relief should
generally extend only to the suing plaintiff. See ante, at 16 -- 
17. That will have the salutary effect of bringing an end to
the practice of runaway "universal" injunctions, but it
leaves other questions unanswered. Perhaps most im-
portant, when a State brings a suit to vindicate the rights
of individual residents and then procures injunctive relief,
does the injunction bind the defendant with respect to all
residents of that State? If so, States will have every incen-
tive to bring third-party suits on behalf of their residents to
obtain a broader scope of equitable relief than any individ-
ual resident could procure in his own suit. Left unchecked,
the practice of reflexive state third-party standing will un-
dermine today's decision as a practical matter.
Second, today's decision will have very little value if dis-
trict courts award relief to broadly defined classes without
following "Rule 23's procedural protections" for class certi-
fication. Ante, at 14. The class action is a powerful tool,
and we have accordingly held that class "certification is
proper only if the trial court is satisfied, after a rigorous
analysis, that the prerequisites of Rule 23(a) have been sat-
isfied." Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. Dukes, -- 
351 (2011). These re-
quirements are more than "a mere pleading standard," id.,
at 350, and a hasty application of Rule 23 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure can have drastic consequences, cre-
ating "potential unfairness" for absent class members and
confusion (and pressure to settle) for defendants. General
Telephone Co. of Southwest v. Falcon, 
(1982). Recognizing these effects, Congress took the excep-
tional step of authorizing interlocutory review of class cer-
tification. See Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(f ).
Putting the kibosh on universal injunctions does nothing
to disrupt Rule 23's requirements. Of course, Rule 23 may
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

ALITO, J., concurring

permit the certification of nationwide classes in some dis-
crete scenarios. But district courts should not view today's
decision as an invitation to certify nationwide classes with-
out scrupulous adherence to the rigors of Rule 23. Other-
wise, the universal injunction will return from the grave
under the guise of "nationwide class relief," and today's de-
cision will be of little more than minor academic interest.
* * *
Lax enforcement of the requirements for third-party
standing and class certification would create a potentially
significant loophole to today's decision. Federal courts
should thus be vigilant against such potential abuses of
these tools. I do not understand the Court's decision to re-
flect any disagreement with these concerns, so I join its de-
cision in full.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring.
The plaintiffs here sought preliminary injunctions
against enforcement of the President's Executive Order on
birthright citizenship. The District Courts granted
universal preliminary injunctions -- that is, injunctions
prohibiting enforcement of the Executive Order against
anyone. Under the Court's holding today, district courts
issuing injunctions under the authority afforded by the
Judiciary Act of 1789 may award only plaintiff-specific
relief. I join the Court's careful and persuasive opinion,
which will bring needed clarity to the law of remedies.
To be sure, in the wake of the Court's decision, plaintiffs
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

who challenge the legality of a new federal statute or
executive action and request preliminary injunctive relief
may sometimes seek to proceed by class action under
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(b)(2) and ask a court to
award preliminary classwide relief that may, for example,
be statewide, regionwide, or even nationwide. See ante, at
13 -- 14; A. A. R. P. v. Trump, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(per curiam) ; Califano v. Yamasaki, -- 703 (1979). And in cases under the
Administrative Procedure Act, plaintiffs may ask a court to
preliminarily "set aside" a new agency rule. 5 U. S. C.
; see, e.g., West Virginia v. EPA, 
(2016); see also Corner Post, Inc. v. Board of Governors, -- 843 (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring).1
But importantly, today's decision will require district
courts to follow proper legal procedures when awarding
such relief. Most significantly, district courts can no longer
award preliminary nationwide or classwide relief except
when such relief is legally authorized. And that salutary
development will help bring substantially more order and
discipline to the ubiquitous preliminary litigation over new
federal statutes and executive actions.
I write separately simply to underscore that this case
focuses on only one discrete aspect of the preliminary
litigation relating to major new federal statutes and
executive actions -- namely, what district courts may do
with respect to those new statutes and executive actions in
what might be called "the interim before the interim."
Although district courts have received much of the
attention (and criticism) in debates over the universal-
injunction issue, those courts generally do not have the last
word when they grant or deny preliminary injunctions. The

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In addition, as the Court notes, an injunction granting complete relief

to plaintiffs may also, as a practical matter, benefit nonparties. Ante, at
15 -- 19.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

courts of appeals and this Court can (and regularly do)
expeditiously review district court decisions awarding or
denying preliminary injunctive relief. The losing party in
the district court -- the defendant against whom an
injunction is granted, or the plaintiff who is denied an
injunction -- will often go to the court of appeals to seek a
temporary stay or injunction. And then the losing party in
the court of appeals may promptly come to this Court with
an application for a stay or injunction. This Court has
therefore often acted as the ultimate decider of the interim
legal status of major new federal statutes and executive
actions. See, e.g., Ohio v. EPA, (2024); Danco
Laboratories, LLC v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 598
U. S. ___ (2023); National Federation of Independent
Business v. OSHA, (2022) (per curiam);
Alabama Assn. of Realtors v. Department of Health and
Human Servs., (2021) (per curiam); see also
Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024)
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 
3).
After today's decision, that order of operations will not
change. In justiciable cases, this Court, not the district
courts or courts of appeals, will often still be the ultimate
decisionmaker as to the interim legal status of major new
federal statutes and executive actions -- that is, the interim
legal status for the several-year period before a final
decision on the merits.
I
The Court's decision today focuses on the "interim before
the interim" -- the preliminary relief that district courts can
award (and courts of appeals can approve) for the generally
weeks-long interim before this Court can assess and settle
the matter for the often years-long interim before a final
decision on the merits. To appreciate the broader context
surrounding today's decision, it is important to understand
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

this Court's role in preliminary litigation of this sort.
The basic scenario in these kinds of applications to this
Court is by now familiar. Congress passes a major new
statute, or the Executive Branch issues a major new rule or
executive order. The litigation over the legality of the new
statute or executive action winds its way through the
federal courts. And that litigation may meander on for
many months or often years before this Court can issue a
final ruling deciding the legality of the new statute or
executive action.
In the meantime, various plaintiffs may seek preliminary
injunctions, sometimes in many different district courts.
And a government defendant against whom a preliminary
injunction is granted (or a plaintiff who is denied a
preliminary injunction) may seek a temporary stay or
injunction in the court of appeals and then in this Court.
That preliminary-injunction litigation -- which typically
takes place at a rapid-fire pace long before the merits
litigation culminates several years down the road -- raises a
question: What should the interim legal status of the
significant new federal statute or executive action at issue
be during the several-year period before this Court's final
ruling on the merits?
That interim-status question is itself immensely
important. The issue of whether a major new federal
statute or executive action "is enforceable during the
several years while the parties wait for a final merits ruling... raises a separate question of extraordinary significance
to the parties and the American people." Labrador v. Poe,
601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring
in grant of stay) ( -- 3).
The interim-status issue in turn raises two other critical
questions: Should there be a nationally uniform answer on
the question of whether a major new federal statute or
executive action can be legally enforced in the often years-
long interim period until this Court reaches a final decision
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

on the merits? If so, who decides what the nationally
uniform interim answer is?
First, in my view, there often (perhaps not always, but
often) should be a nationally uniform answer on whether a
major new federal statute, rule, or executive order can be
enforced throughout the United States during the several-
year interim period until its legality is finally decided on
the merits.
Consider just a few of the major executive actions that
have been the subject of intense preliminary-injunction or
other pre-enforcement litigation in the past 10 years or so,
under Presidents of both political parties. They range from
travel bans to birthright citizenship, from the Clean Power
Plan to student loan forgiveness, from the OSHA vaccine
mandate to the service of transgender individuals in the
military, from Title IX regulations to abortion drugs. And
the list goes on. Those executive actions often are highly
significant and have widespread effects on many
individuals, businesses, governments, and other
organizations throughout the United States.
Often, it is not especially workable or sustainable or
desirable to have a patchwork scheme, potentially for
several years, in which a major new federal statute or
executive action of that kind applies to some people or
organizations in certain States or regions, but not to others.
The national reach of many businesses and government
programs, as well as the regular movement of the American
people into and out of different States and regions, would
make it difficult to sensibly maintain such a scattershot
system of federal law.
Second, if one agrees that the years-long interim status
of a highly significant new federal statute or executive
action should often be uniform throughout the United
States, who decides what the interim status is?
The answer typically will be this Court, as has been the
case both traditionally and recently. This Court's actions
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

in resolving applications for interim relief help provide
clarity and uniformity as to the interim legal status of
major new federal statutes, rules, and executive orders. In
particular, the Court's disposition of applications for
interim relief often will effectively settle, de jure or de facto,
the interim legal status of those statutes or executive
actions nationwide.
The decision today will not alter this Court's traditional
role in those matters. Going forward, in the wake of a major
new federal statute or executive action, different district
courts may enter a slew of preliminary rulings on the
legality of that statute or executive action. Or
alternatively, perhaps a district court (or courts) will grant
or deny the functional equivalent of a universal
injunction -- for example, by granting or denying a
preliminary injunction to a putative nationwide class under
Rule 23(b)(2), or by preliminarily setting aside or declining
to set aside an agency rule under the APA.
No matter how the preliminary-injunction litigation on
those kinds of significant matters transpires in the district
courts, the courts of appeals in turn will undoubtedly be
called upon to promptly grant or deny temporary stays or
temporary injunctions in many cases.
And regardless of whether the district courts have issued
a series of individual preliminary rulings, or instead have
issued one or more broader classwide or set-aside
preliminary rulings, the losing parties in the courts of
appeals will regularly come to this Court in matters
involving major new federal statutes and executive
actions.2
If there is no classwide or set-aside relief in those kinds
of nationally significant matters, then one would expect a
flood of decisions from lower courts, after which the losing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 By statute, some litigation may start in a court of appeals or three-

judge district court and then come directly to this Court.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

parties on both sides will probably inundate this Court with
applications for stays or injunctions.3 And in cases where
classwide or set-aside relief has been awarded, the losing
side in the lower courts will likewise regularly come to this
Court if the matter is sufficiently important.
When a stay or injunction application arrives here, this
Court should not and cannot hide in the tall grass. When
we receive such an application, we must grant or deny.4
And when we do -- that is, when this Court makes a decision
on the interim legal status of a major new federal statute or
executive action -- that decision will often constitute a form
of precedent (de jure or de facto) that provides guidance
throughout the United States during the years-long interim
period until a final decision on the merits.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 That scenario explains why it would not make much sense for this

Court to apply different standards to (i) an application for an injunction
and (ii) an application for a stay of an injunction. See, e.g., Tandon v.
Newsom, (2021) (per curiam) (applying the usual stay
standard to an application for an injunction).
Suppose a district court in Circuit A enjoins a new executive action.
And the court of appeals in Circuit A then declines to stay the injunction.
Meanwhile, a district court in Circuit B does not enjoin that new
executive action, and the court of appeals in Circuit B also declines to
enjoin it. Both cases come to this Court on applications for interim
relief -- one seeking a stay of injunction and one seeking an injunction. It
would not be particularly rational to deny a stay and leave the injunction
in place in Circuit A, and then to turn around and deny an injunction in
Circuit B on account of a purportedly higher standard for this Court to
grant injunctions rather than stays. The standards should mesh so that
this Court can ensure uniformity without regard to the happenstance of
how various courts of appeals and district courts ruled.
4 To obtain an interim stay or injunction, "an applicant must show (1) a

reasonable probability that four Justices will consider the issue
sufficiently meritorious to grant certiorari; (2) a fair prospect that a
majority of the Court will vote to reverse the judgment below; and (3) a
likelihood that irreparable harm will result from the denial" of the
application. Hollingsworth v. Perry, (2010) (per
curiam); see Tandon, 593 U. S., at 64. The Court may also consider
(4) the "balance" of "the equities" and "relative harms" to the parties.
Hollingsworth, 558 U. S., at 190.
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

II
It is sometimes suggested, however, that this Court
should adopt a policy of presumptively denying applications
for stays or injunctions -- even applications involving
significant new federal statutes or executive actions -- 
regardless of which way the various lower courts have
ruled. That suggestion is flawed, in my view, because it
would often leave an unworkable or intolerable patchwork
of federal law in place. And even in cases where there is no
patchwork -- for example, because an application comes to
us with a single nationwide class-action injunction -- what
if this Court thinks the lower court's decision is wrong? On
student loan forgiveness or the Clean Power Plan or
mifepristone or the travel bans, for example? Should we
have a rule of presumptively denying relief, thereby
allowing erroneous injunctions (or erroneous denials of
injunctions) of major new statutes and executive actions to
remain in place for several years, and thus severely
harming the Government and would-be beneficiaries of (or
regulated parties under) those new statutes and executive
actions? I think not. And this Court's actions over the years
reflect that the Court thinks not.
Unless and until this Court grants or denies an
application for stay or injunction, tremendous uncertainty
may surround the interim legal status of the new federal
statute or executive action throughout the country. The
statute or executive action may be in effect in some places
but not others, for some businesses but not others, for some
Americans but not others. That temporary geographic,
organizational, and individual variation in federal law
might not warrant this Court's intervention in run-of-the-
mill cases -- which is why it makes sense that this Court
denies applications for interim relief when the Court is
unlikely to later grant certiorari. See Does 1 -- 3 v. Mills, 595
U. S. ___, ___ (2021) (BARRETT, J., concurring in denial of
application for injunctive relief ). But in cases involving
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

major new federal statutes or executive actions, uniformity
is often essential or at least sensible and prudent. In those
kinds of cases, disuniformity -- even if only for a few years
or less -- can be chaotic. And such chaos is not good for the
law or the country.
One of this Court's roles, in justiciable cases, is to resolve
major legal questions of national importance and ensure
uniformity of federal law. So a default policy of off-loading
to lower courts the final word on whether to green-light or
block major new federal statutes and executive actions for
the several-year interim until a final ruling on the merits
would seem to amount to an abdication of this Court's
proper role.
Some might object that this Court is not well equipped to
make those significant decisions -- namely, decisions about
the interim status of a major new federal statute or
executive action -- on an expedited basis. But district courts
and courts of appeals are likewise not perfectly equipped to
make expedited preliminary judgments on important
matters of this kind. Yet they have to do so, and so do we.
By law, federal courts are open and can receive and review
applications for relief 24/7/365. See 28 U. S. C. ("All
courts of the United States shall be deemed always open for
the purpose of filing proper papers... and making motions
and orders"). And this Court has procedural tools that can
help us make the best possible interim decision in the
limited time available -- administrative stays, additional
briefing, amicus briefs, oral argument, certiorari before
judgment, and the like. On top of that, this Court has nine
Justices, each of whom can (and does) consult and
deliberate with the other eight to help the Court determine
the best answer, unlike a smaller three-judge court of
appeals panel or one-judge district court. And this Court
also will have the benefit of the prior decisions in the case
at hand from the court of appeals and the district court.
Some might argue that preliminary disputes over the
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

legality of major new statutes and executive actions can
draw this Court into difficult or controversial matters
earlier than we might like, as distinct from what happens
on our slower-moving merits docket. That is an
understandable concern. But when it comes to the interim
status of major new federal statutes and executive actions,
it is often important for reasons of clarity, stability, and
uniformity that this Court be the decider. And Members of
the Court have life tenure so that we can make tough calls
without fear or favor. As with the merits docket, the Court's
role in resolving applications for interim relief is to
neutrally referee each matter based on the relevant legal
standard. Avoiding controversial or difficult decisions on
those applications is neither feasible nor appropriate.
Some might also worry that an early or rushed decision
on an application could "lock in" the Court's assessment of
the merits and subtly deter the Court from later making a
different final decision. But in deciding applications for
interim relief involving major new statutes or executive
actions, we often have no choice but to make a preliminary
assessment of likelihood of success on the merits; after all,
in cases of that sort, the other relevant factors (irreparable
harm and the equities) are often very weighty on both sides.
See Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024)
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 
4). Moreover, judges strive to make the correct decision
based on current information notwithstanding any previous
assessment of the merits earlier in the litigation. It is not
uncommon to think and decide differently when one knows
more. This Court has done so in the past, see West Virginia
Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943), and
undoubtedly will continue to do so in the future.
To reiterate, this Court should not insert itself into run-
of-the-mill preliminary-injunction cases where we are not
likely to grant certiorari down the road. But determining
the nationally uniform interim legal status for several years
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

of, say, the Clean Power Plan or Title IX regulations or
mifepristone rules is a role that the American people
appropriately expect this Court -- and not only the courts of
appeals or district courts -- to fulfill.
* * *
The volume of preliminary-injunction and other pre-
enforcement litigation over new federal laws and executive
actions coming to this Court has been growing in recent
years. That trend is in part the result of the increasing
number of major new executive actions by recent
Presidential administrations (of both political parties) that
have had difficulty passing significant new legislation
through Congress. Meanwhile, applications for stays or
injunctions in capital-punishment cases, election disputes,
and other time-sensitive matters (including numerous
COVID -- 19-related disputes in the few years beginning in
2020) have also continued to come to this Court on a steady
basis, as they traditionally have.
Although the volume of applications has increased, the
Court's responsibility for deciding consequential
applications for stays or injunctions is not new. See, e.g.,
West Virginia v. EPA, (2016) (temporarily
enjoining Clean Power Plan); Purcell v. Gonzalez, (2006) (per curiam) (vacating injunction pending appeal
regarding state voter ID law); Rubin v. United States, (1998) (Rehnquist, C. J., in chambers) (denying
stay pending certiorari of order enforcing subpoenas to
Secret Service agents regarding their observations of the
President); Schlesinger v. Holtzman, (1973)
(Marshall, J., in chambers) (staying District Court's
injunction that had ordered a halt to bombing in
Cambodia); Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, 589 (1952) (after expedited oral argument,
affirming District Court's preliminary injunction that
proscribed seizure of steel mills by government); cf.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

Rosenberg v. United States, -- 285 (1953)
(vacating stay of execution of the Rosenbergs).
Today's decision on district court injunctions will not
affect this Court's vitally important responsibility to resolve
applications for stays or injunctions with respect to major
new federal statutes and executive actions. Deciding those
applications is not a distraction from our job. It is a critical
part of our job. With that understanding, I join the Court's
opinion in full.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
Children born in the United States and subject to its laws
are United States citizens. That has been the legal rule
since the founding, and it was the English rule well before
then. This Court once attempted to repudiate it, holding in
Dred Scott v. Sandford, 19 How. 393 (1857), that the chil-
dren of enslaved black Americans were not citizens. To
remedy that grievous error, the States passed in 1866 and
Congress ratified in 1868 the Fourteenth Amendment's Cit-
izenship Clause, which enshrined birthright citizenship in
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the Constitution. There it has remained, accepted and re-
spected by Congress, by the Executive, and by this Court.
Until today.
It is now the President who attempts, in an Executive Or-
der (Order or Citizenship Order), to repudiate birthright
citizenship. Every court to evaluate the Order has deemed
it patently unconstitutional and, for that reason, has en-
joined the Federal Government from enforcing it. Unde-
terred, the Government now asks this Court to grant emer-
gency relief, insisting it will suffer irreparable harm unless
it can deprive at least some children born in the United
States of citizenship. See Protecting the Meaning and
Value of American Citizenship, Exec. Order No. 14160, 90
Fed. Reg. 8849 (2025).
The Government does not ask for complete stays of the
injunctions, as it ordinarily does before this Court. Why?
The answer is obvious: To get such relief, the Government
would have to show that the Order is likely constitutional,
an impossible task in light of the Constitution's text, his-
tory, this Court's precedents, federal law, and Executive
Branch practice. So the Government instead tries its hand
at a different game. It asks this Court to hold that, no mat-
ter how illegal a law or policy, courts can never simply tell
the Executive to stop enforcing it against anyone. Instead,
the Government says, it should be able to apply the Citizen-
ship Order (whose legality it does not defend) to everyone
except the plaintiffs who filed this lawsuit.
The gamesmanship in this request is apparent and the
Government makes no attempt to hide it. Yet, shamefully,
this Court plays along. A majority of this Court decides that
these applications, of all cases, provide the appropriate oc-
casion to resolve the question of universal injunctions and
end the centuries-old practice once and for all. In its rush
to do so the Court disregards basic principles of equity as
well as the long history of injunctive relief granted to non-
parties.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

No right is safe in the new legal regime the Court creates.
Today, the threat is to birthright citizenship. Tomorrow, a
different administration may try to seize firearms from law-
abiding citizens or prevent people of certain faiths from
gathering to worship. The majority holds that, absent cum-
bersome class-action litigation, courts cannot completely
enjoin even such plainly unlawful policies unless doing so
is necessary to afford the formal parties complete relief.
That holding renders constitutional guarantees meaningful
in name only for any individuals who are not parties to a
lawsuit. Because I will not be complicit in so grave an at-
tack on our system of law, I dissent.
I
The majority ignores entirely whether the President's Ex-
ecutive Order is constitutional, instead focusing only on the
question whether federal courts have the equitable author-
ity to issue universal injunctions. Yet the Order's patent
unlawfulness reveals the gravity of the majority's error and
underscores why equity supports universal injunctions as
appropriate remedies in this kind of case. As every conceiv-
able source of law confirms, birthright citizenship is the law
of the land.
A
The Citizenship Clause provides that "[a]ll persons born
or naturalized in the United States and subject to the juris-
diction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the
State wherein they reside." U. S. Const., Amdt. 14,.
That means what it says. Nestled in the Fourteenth
Amendment alongside the Equal Protection Clause, the
Citizenship Clause does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, ethnicity, religion, or, importantly here, parent-
age. It refers instead to "[a]ll persons born or naturalized
in the United States." Ibid.
Besides birth, there is only one condition: that one be
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

"subject to the jurisdiction" of the United States. Yet that
condition too leaves no room for ambiguity. To be "subject
to the jurisdiction" of the United States means simply to be
bound to its authority and its laws. See N. Webster, An
American Dictionary of the English Language 732 (C.
Goodrich & N. Porter eds. 1865) (defining jurisdiction as the
"[p]ower of governing or legislating," or "the power or right
of exercising authority"). As the Government would pre-
sumably concede, virtually everyone born in the United
States and present in its territory is subject to its authority
and its laws. After all, "[t]he jurisdiction of the nation
within its own territory is necessarily exclusive and abso-
lute." Schooner Exchange v. McFaddon, 7 Cranch 116, 136
(1812) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). Once a citizen of an-
other nation steps onto United States soil, she is (with nar-
row exception) "amenable to the jurisdiction" of the United
States. Id., at 144. That is why "no plausible distinction
with respect to Fourteenth Amendment 'jurisdiction' can be
drawn between resident aliens whose entry into the United
States was lawful, and resident aliens whose entry was un-
lawful." Plyler v. Doe, (1982).
Few constitutional questions can be answered by resort
to the text of the Constitution alone, but this is one. The
Fourteenth Amendment guarantees birthright citizenship.
B
Unsurprisingly given the clarity of the Citizenship
Clause's text, every other source of interpretation confirms
this conclusion. Consider, first, its history. Long before the
Fourteenth Amendment, and indeed before the founding,
the common-law rule of jus soli (literally, right of the soil)
governed English citizenship. That rule rendered a per-
son's birthplace determinative of her citizenship status.
Thus, "the children of aliens, born... in England," gener-
ally were "natural-born subjects, and entitled to all the
privileges of such." 1 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Laws of England 361 -- 362 (1765); see also H. Broom & G.
Denman, Constitutional Law Viewed in Relation to Com-
mon Law 31 (2d ed. 1885) (describing Calvin's Case (1608),
which established that "[e]very one born within the domin-
ions of the King of England... is... entitled to enjoy all
the rights and liberties of an Englishman").
That English common-law rule carried over to the United
States after the founding. Shortly after the Constitution's
ratification, James Madison observed that "it [was] an es-
tablished maxim that birth is a criterion of allegiance," i.e.,
of citizenship. 1 Annals of Cong. 404 (1789). Birth, he ex-
plained, could convey citizenship in two ways: either
through "place" (under the "right of the soil" principle) or
through "parentage" (as for one born to United States citi-
zens). Ibid. "[B]ut, in general," Madison explained, "place
is the most certain criterion" and "it is what applies in the
United States." Ibid. Mere decades later, Justice Story
wrote that "[n]othing is better settled... than the doctrine
that the children even of aliens born in a country... are
subjects by birth." Inglis v. Trustees of Sailor's Snug Har-
bour in City of New York, 3 Pet. 99, 164 (1830). Well before
the Fourteenth Amendment, then, it was the undisputed
"law of the United States [that] every person born within
the dominions and allegiance of the United States, what-
ever were the situation of his parents, is a natural born cit-
izen." Lynch v. Clarke, 1 Sand. Ch. 583, 663 (N. Y. Ch.
1844).
Though the law was clear, the Nation did not always live
up to its promise. Infamously, this Court departed from the
birthright citizenship principle in Dred Scott, 19 How. 393,
holding that the children of enslaved black Americans "are
not included, and were not intended to be included, under
the word 'citizens' in the Constitution." Id., at 404. Follow-
ing the Civil War, the Reconstruction Congress corrected
that grave error. Section 1 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866,
14 Stat. 27, declared that "all persons born in the United
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

States and not subject to any foreign power" would be "citi-
zens of the United States." The Fourteenth Amendment's
guarantee of birthright citizenship followed two years later.
The lawmakers who ratified the Fourteenth Amendment
understood that it would extend citizenship to all children
born here, regardless of parental citizenship. Indeed, some
objected to its passage on those grounds, complaining that
it would permanently extend citizenship to immigrants who
"invade [state] borders" and "settle as trespassers." Cong.
Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess., 2891 (1866). Proponents
agreed, if not with the anti-immigrant sentiment, that the
Clause would extend citizenship to the children of immi-
grants. For example, Senator Conness of California (one of
the Amendment's lead supporters) confirmed on the floor
"that the children born here of Mongolian parents shall be
declared by the Constitution of the United States to be en-
titled to civil rights and to equal protection before the law."
Id., at 2892. "We have declared that by law" in the Civil
Rights Act, he explained, and "now it is proposed to incor-
porate the same provision in the fundamental instrument
of the nation." Id., at 2891. Not one Senator disagreed with
this understanding of the Clause.
In the end, "[t]he Citizenship Clause was no legal inno-
vation." J. Ho, Defining "American": Birthright Citizenship
and the Original Understanding of the 14th Amendment, 9
Green Bag 2d 367, 369 (2006); see also id., at 368 ("Birth-
right citizenship is guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amend-
ment. That birthright is protected no less for children of
undocumented persons than for descendants of Mayflower
passengers"). "It simply restored the longstanding English
common law doctrine of jus soli" abrogated by Dred Scott.
Ho, 9 Green Bag 2d, at 369; see also M. Ramsey, Original-
ism and Birthright Citizenship, 109 Geo. L. J. 405, 472
(2020) (The "central purpose" of the Citizenship Clause
"was, of course, to overrule Dred Scott").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

C
Following the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment,
this Court confirmed the Amendment's plain meaning in
United States v. Wong Kim Ark, (1898). At
issue was the citizenship of Wong Kim Ark, a young Cali-
fornia resident born in San Francisco to Chinese immigrant
parents. Id., at 652. When Wong returned to California
from a trip to China, a custom's collector denied him entry
on the sole ground that he was not a citizen of the United
States. Id., at 653.
This Court held that "[t]he Fourteenth Amendment af-
firms the ancient and fundamental rule of citizenship by
birth within the territory." Id., at 693. As the President
does today, the Government in Wong Kim Ark rested its
case on the Clause's sole qualifier. Wong was not subject to
the jurisdiction of the United States, the Government
claimed, because at birth his parents were aliens in the
United States who were "subjects of the emperor of China,"
thus making Wong a subject of the emperor of China as
well. Id., at 652 -- 653. This Court squarely rejected that
attempt to limit the Citizenship Clause's reach. Instead, it
held, the " 'subject to the jurisdiction' " qualifier excludes
only "children born of alien enemies in hostile occupation,
and children of diplomatic representatives of a foreign
State," id., at 682, "with the single additional exception of
children of members of the Indian tribes owing direct alle-
giance to their several tribes," id., at 693.1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The first two exceptions "ha[d] already been shown, by the law of Eng-

land and by our own law, from the time of the first settlement of the
English colonies in America, [to be] recognized exceptions to the funda-
mental rule of citizenship by birth within the country." Wong Kim Ark,
169 U. S., at 682. The additional exception for certain children born to
Indian tribe members reflected the country's historical understanding
that Indian tribes were "quasi foreign nations" within the physical
boundaries of the United States. See Cong. Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess.,
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

That holding conclusively settled any remaining dispute
over the Citizenship Clause's meaning. Since then, all
three branches of Government have unflinchingly adhered
to it.
This Court, for one, has repeatedly reaffirmed Wong Kim
Ark's holding. Notwithstanding legislation purporting to
render Japanese persons "ineligible" for citizenship, we
held in Morrison v. California, (1934), that a
child with Japanese parents "is a citizen of the United
States if he was born within the United States." Id., at 85.
The Court recognized the same rule even during World War
II, when individuals of Japanese ancestry were subject to
curfew and exclusion orders. See Hirabayashi v. United
States, -- 97 (1943). So too has the Court
recognized that the child of parents unlawfully present in
the United States "is, of course, an American citizen by
birth." United States ex rel. Hintopoulos v. Shaughnessy,
(1957). The same is true of children whose
parents gained admission into the United States by unlaw-
ful means. See, e.g., INS v. Errico, -- 216
(1966); INS v. Rios-Pineda, (1985).
Congress, for its part, has also reaffirmed the principles
of birthright citizenship by enshrining it in a federal stat-
ute. Section 201 of the Nationality Act of 1940 provides that
all those "born in the United States, and subject to the ju-
risdiction thereof," "shall be nationals and citizens of the
United States at birth." 8 U. S. C. ; see also Tag-
gart v. Lorenzen, (2019) (recognizing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2890 (1866). Treaties between many tribes and the Federal Government,
at the time, ensured that it was the tribe, and not the United States Gov-
ernment, that had "prescriptive and law enforcement authority" over
tribal members. M. Ramsey, Originalism and Birthright Citizenship,
109 Geo. L. J. 405, 443 -- 444 (2020); see id., at 442 -- 444. Congress even-
tually extended birthright citizenship to tribal members born in the
United States in 1924. See Indian Citizenship Act of 1924, ch. 233, 43
Stat. 253, 8 U. S. C.. These exceptions are not at issue in these
cases.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

"longstanding interpretive principle" that if statutory term
" 'is "obviously transplanted from another legal source," it
"brings the old soil with it" ' ").
For at least the last century, the Executive Branch has
adhered to the same principle. When Congress proposed to
reaffirm birthright citizenship in the 1940 Nationality Act,
cabinet officials described it as "a statement of the common-
law rule, which has been in the United States from the be-
ginning of its existence." House Committee on Immigration
and Naturalization, Nationality Laws of the United States,
76th Cong., 1st Sess., 7 (Comm. Print 1939). Indeed, the
Government concedes even now that the Executive Branch
has recognized the vitality of birthright citizenship "at least
back to World War II, if not earlier." App. to Opposition to
Application in No. 24A886, p. 323a. That explains, among
other things, why the Social Security Administration and
the Department of State have long accepted proof of one's
birthplace as proof of citizenship. See 44 Fed. Reg. 10369,
10371 (1979); 20 CFR.107(d), 422.103(c)(2) (2024); 22
CFR.40, 51.42 (2024).
Some decades ago, the Office of Legal Counsel was asked
to respond to a House bill that would have denied birthright
citizenship to " 'children born in the United States to par-
ents who are not citizens or permanent resident aliens.' " 19
Op. OLC 340, 341 (1995). The answer well summed up the
state of the law: This "office grapples with many difficult
and close issues of constitutional law. The lawfulness of
this bill is not among them. This legislation is unquestion-
ably unconstitutional." Ibid.
II
A
Undeterred by the Constitution, history, Supreme Court
precedent, federal law, and longstanding Executive Branch
practice, President Donald J. Trump issued Executive Or-
der No. 14160 on the day of his inauguration that purported
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

to redefine American citizenship. The Order declares that
United States citizenship does not extend to persons who
are born to a mother unlawfully present in the United
States, or lawfully present on a temporary basis, and a fa-
ther who is neither a citizen nor lawful permanent resident.
Ibid. It further prohibits federal agencies from issuing cit-
izenship documentation to such persons or accepting state
documentation to that effect, and it directs a slew of federal
officials to conform agency regulations to the Order. Id., at
8449 -- 8450. The prohibition, according to the Order, ap-
plies "only to persons who are born within the United States
after 30 days from the date of th[e] order." Id., at 8449.
B
Shortly after the President issued the Citizenship Order,
several groups of plaintiffs (together, respondents) chal-
lenged the Order in Federal District Courts in Maryland,
Massachusetts, and Washington. Respondents include: a
group of pregnant women2 whose children will not be
United States citizens under the terms of the Citizenship
Order; two immigrants-rights organizations with thou-
sands of members across the country who are likely to give
birth to children who would also be denied citizenship un-
der the Order; and 22 States, the District of Columbia, and
the city of San Francisco. In their respective suits, respond-
ents asserted that the Citizenship Order violates the Four-
teenth Amendment and.
Respondents also sought a preliminary injunction bar-
ring enforcement of the Citizenship Order during the pen-
dency of the litigation. If allowed to go into effect, they said,
the policy would inflict irreparable harm on their children

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Two of these women seek to represent a class of pregnant women and

children residing in Washington State, who are affected by the Citizen-
ship Order. See Complaint in No. 2:25 -- cv -- 00127 (WD Wash., Feb. 4,
2025), ECF Doc. 106. The District Court has yet to rule on the certifica-
tion of that putative class.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(and their members' children) by denying them "enjoyment
of the full privileges, rights, and benefits that come with
U. S. citizenship," and rendering them vulnerable to unlaw-
ful deportation before the Courts could adjudicate their con-
stitutional claim. Complaint in No. 8:25 -- cv -- 00201 (D Md.,
Jan. 21, 2025), p. 6, ¶12; see also Complaint in No. 2:25 -- cv -- 
00127 (WD Wash., Feb. 4, 2025), ECF Doc. 106, pp. 33 -- 36,
¶¶120 -- 139 (Washington Complaint).
As for the States, they attested that enforcement of the
Citizenship Order would cost them millions of dollars in
federal funding and impose significant administrative bur-
dens. The States "administer numerous programs for the
benefit of their residents, including for newborns and young
children, some of whom are wards of the plaintiff States
who are entitled to care by statute." Id., at 23, ¶79. Those
social welfare programs include ones provided for by state
law, as well as ones established by federal law, such as Med-
icaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program: Sev-
eral of them "are funded in part by federal dollars, with fed-
eral funding frequently tied to the citizenship and
immigration status of the individuals served." Ibid. By
stripping some children within the States of their citizen-
ship, the Order would reduce the States' federal funding,
"forc[ing the States] to bear significantly increased costs to
operate and fund programs that ensure the health and well-
being of their residents." Id., at 6, ¶8, 4 -- 5, ¶6; see also Op-
position to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jersey), pp. 9 -- 
11; Complaint in No. 1:25 -- cv -- 10139 (D Mass., Jan. 21,
2025), pp. 23 -- 42, ¶¶121 -- 201. Relatedly, because the States
must verify the citizenship status of the individuals they
serve, the States alleged that the Citizenship Order would
force them to expend significant sums to "modif[y] their...
operational structures and administration" to account for
the changes in citizenship. Washington Complaint 6, ¶8;
see also Opposition to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jer-
sey), at 9 -- 11.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

All three District Courts preliminarily enjoined enforce-
ment of the Citizenship Order. Each court determined that
the Citizenship Order was likely unlawful, that respond-
ents were likely to face irreparable harm without an injunc-
tion, and that the equities and public interest cut decisively
in respondents' favor. See 763 F. Supp. 3d 723, 727, 744 -- 
745 (Md. 2025); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142, 1152 -- 1153 (WD
Wash. 2025); Doe v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d 266, 274, 285 -- 
287 (Mass. 2025).
The District Courts further determined that only injunc-
tions blocking the Citizenship Order's enforcement nation-
wide would completely redress respondents' injuries. For
the organizational plaintiffs, the Maryland District Court
explained that those plaintiffs have " 'over 680,000 mem-
bers... who reside in all 50 U.S. states' " and "hundreds of
them expect to give birth soon." 763 F. Supp. 3d, at 746.
The Washington District Court found that "a geograph-
ically limited injunction would be ineffective" for the state
plaintiffs "as it would not completely relieve [the States] of
the Order's financial burden(s)." 765 F. Supp. 3d, at 1153.
For one thing, that court explained, the constant flow of
people moving in and out of various States meant some chil-
dren born to noncitizen parents in a nonplaintiff State
would later reside in a plaintiff State. Once there, those
children (under state law) would be eligible for state bene-
fits. Yet due to the Citizenship Order, the plaintiff States
would no longer receive federal funding to support those
benefits. In addition, the plaintiff States would have to cre-
ate an entirely new administrative and recordkeeping sys-
tem to accommodate children who were not citizens under
the Order and born in a nonplaintiff State. So if the District
Court allowed birthright citizenship to continue for chil-
dren born in the plaintiff States, but not in any other State,
that would not completely redress the States' financial in-
jury. Ibid.
For identical reasons, the Massachusetts District Court
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

also found that the state plaintiffs' injuries could be re-
dressed only by a universal injunction. See 766 F. Supp.
3d, at 288 ("The harms [the States] have established stem
from the [Order's] impact on the citizenship status -- and
the ability to discern or verify such status -- for any child
located or seeking various services within their jurisdic-
tion").
The Government filed motions to stay the injunctions in
three separate Courts of Appeals. Nowhere did the Govern-
ment contest the District Courts' uniform holdings that the
Citizenship Order likely violated the Constitution. Instead,
it challenged only the scope of the ordered relief, arguing
that the injunctions should be narrowed to block the Order's
enforcement against only the individual persons named in
the complaints.
All three appellate courts denied the Government's re-
quest and left the preliminary injunctions intact. See 131
F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025); 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025);
2025 WL 553485 (CA9, Feb. 19, 2025). The Fourth Circuit,
which reviewed the preliminary injunction issued to the or-
ganizational plaintiffs, concluded that "[t]he district court... carefully explained why an injunction limited to the par-
ties -- including organizations with hundreds of thousands
of members nationwide -- would be unworkable in practice
and thus fail to provide complete relie[f] to the plaintiffs."
2025 WL 654902, *1. The First and Ninth Circuits left un-
disturbed the Massachusetts and Washington District
Courts' respective determinations that only universal in-
junctions would fully redress the States' injuries. See 131
F. 4th, 42 -- 43; 2025 WL 553485, *1.
On March 13, the Government filed emergency applica-
tions with this Court requesting partial stays of the three
preliminary injunctions of the Citizenship Order. The Gov-
ernment renews its contention that the injunctions must be
narrowed to benefit only formal parties in these cases.
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

III
In partially granting the Government's remarkable re-
quest, the Court distorts well-established equitable princi-
ples several times over. A stay, this Court has said, " 'is not
a matter of right,' " but rather " 'an exercise of judicial dis-
cretion.' " Nken v. Holder, (2009). For
centuries, courts have "close[d] the doors" of equity to those
"tainted with inequitableness or bad faith relative to the
matter in which [they] seek relief." Precision Instrument
Mfg. Co. v. Automotive Maintenance Machinery Co., (1945). Yet the majority throws the doors of
equity open to the Government in a case where it seeks to
undo a fundamental and clearly established constitutional
right. The Citizenship Order's patent unlawfulness is rea-
son enough to deny the Government's applications.
The Government also falls well short of satisfying its bur-
den to show that it will likely suffer irreparable harm ab-
sent a stay and that it will likely succeed on the merits of
its challenge to the scope of the injunctions. Nken, 556
U. S., at 434 -- 435. The Executive Branch has respected
birthright citizenship for well over a century, and it ad-
vances no plausible reason why maintaining the status quo
while the litigation proceeds would cause it irrevocable
harm. Nor could it, for the Constitution and federal law
prohibit the enforcement of the Citizenship Order.
For all that, moreover, the Government is not even cor-
rect on the merits of universal injunctions. To the contrary,
universal injunctions are consistent with long-established
principles of equity, once respected by this Court. What is
more, these cases do not even squarely present the legality
of universal injunctions. That is because, even if the major-
ity were right that injunctions can only offer "complete re-
lief to the plaintiffs before the court," ante, at 17, each of the
lower courts here correctly determined that the nationwide
relief they issued was necessary to remedy respondents' in-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

juries completely. So even ignoring the traditional stay fac-
tors and accepting the majority's view of the merits, there
is no reason to grant relief in these cases.
A
It is a bedrock principle that parties who request a stay
must show they will likely suffer irreparable harm absent
such relief. Indeed, "[t]he authority to grant stays has his-
torically been justified by the perceived need 'to prevent ir-
reparable injury to the parties or to the public' pending re-
view." Nken, 556 U. S., at 432 ). Thus, an appar-
ent likelihood of success on the merits never suffices on its
own to justify this Court's intervention: Our emergency
docket is not a mechanism for an expedited appeal. Accord-
ingly, "this Court can avoid delving into the merits" "[i]f the
[applicant does not] demonstrat[e] an irreparable injury."
Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J.,
concurring in grant of stay) ; contra, ante, at
8 -- 11 (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring).
What grave harm does the Executive face that prompts a
majority of this Court to grant it relief? The answer, the
Government says, is the inability to enforce the Citizenship
Order against nonparties. For the majority, that answer
suffices. See ante, at 24 ("When a federal court enters a
universal injunction against the Government, it 'im-
proper[ly] intrude[s]' on 'a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment' and prevents the Government from enforcing its pol-
icies against nonparties").
The problem, however, is that the Executive Branch has
no right to enforce the Citizenship Order against anyone.
As the Executive itself once put it, the Order is "unques-
tionably unconstitutional." Supra, at 9. It defies logic to
say that maintaining a centuries-long status quo for a few
months longer will irreparably injure the Government. See
Starbucks Corp. v. McKinney, -- 346
16 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(2024) (The "purpose" of equitable relief " 'is merely to pre-
serve the relative positions of the parties until a trial on the
merits can be held' "). The President's "mandate... to ex-
ercise his executive power," Myers v. United States, (1926), in any event, does not permit him to
rewrite the Constitution or statutory provisions at a whim.
By forging ahead and granting relief to the Government an-
yway, this Court endorses the radical proposition that the
President is harmed, irreparably, whenever he cannot do
something he wants to do, even if what he wants to do is
break the law.
The majority claims that it can sidestep "analysis of the
Executive Order" altogether because (in its view) every
overbroad injunction necessarily causes irreparable harm
sufficient to warrant emergency intervention. Ante, at 24.
Yet where a purportedly overbroad injunction orders the
Government to do only what this Court has expressly held
it is required to do, it is hard to see how it could cause any
harm. At oral argument, the Government conceded it was
bound to follow this Court's precedent. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
62 -- 63. This Court's precedent establishes beyond a shade
of doubt that the Executive Order is unconstitutional. See
supra, at 3 -- 9. Thus, by enjoining the Government from vi-
olating settled law, the District Courts' orders do not cause
the Government any harm.
The majority's contrary position is self-refuting. Suppose
an executive order barred women from receiving unemploy-
ment benefits or black citizens from voting. Is the Govern-
ment irreparably harmed, and entitled to emergency relief,
by a district court order universally enjoining such policies?
The majority, apparently, would say yes.
Nothing in this Court's precedents supports that result.
It turns one of the " 'most critical' factors we must consider
in deciding whether to grant a stay" into a box-checking ex-
ercise whenever the relevant enjoined action is an executive
one. Trump v. International Refugee Assistance Project, 582
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

U. S. 571, 584 (2017) (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and
dissenting in part). Even accepting that "[a]ny time a State
is enjoined by a court from effectuating statutes enacted by
representatives of its people, it suffers a form of irreparable
injury," Maryland v. King, (2012)
(ROBERTS, C. J., in chambers), that democratic considera-
tion cuts against the Government in these cases. Through
the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment, Congress
and the States constitutionalized birthright citizenship.
Congress also codified birthright citizenship in. It
is thus the Citizenship Order, not the District Courts' in-
junctions, that prevents the " 'effectuat[ion]' " of a constitu-
tional amendment and repeals a " 'statut[e] enacted by rep-
resentatives of [the American] people.' " Id., at 1303.
Simply put, it strains credulity to treat the Executive
Branch as irreparably harmed by injunctions that direct it
to continue following settled law. "All the officers of the
government, from the highest to the lowest, are creatures
of the law and are bound to obey it." United States v. Lee,
(1882); but see Trump v. United States,
(2024). The injunctions do no more harm to
the Executive than the Constitution and federal law do.
B
A majority of this Court nonetheless rushes to address
the merits of the Government's applications, holding that
universal injunctions "likely exceed the equitable authority
that Congress has granted to federal courts." Ante, at 1 -- 2.
A majority that has repeatedly pledged its fealty to "history
and tradition" thus eliminates an equitable power firmly
grounded in centuries of equitable principles and practice.
By stripping all federal courts, including itself, of that
power, the Court kneecaps the Judiciary's authority to stop
the Executive from enforcing even the most unconstitu-
tional policies. That runs directly counter to the point of
equity: empowering courts to do complete justice, including
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

through flexible remedies that have historically benefited
parties and nonparties alike.
1
A brief recounting of equity's history demonstrates the
majority's grave error. The American legal system grew out
of English law, which had two primary judicial institutions:
the common-law courts and equity courts. Equity courts
arose because of the inflexibility of the common-law system;
their purpose was to look beyond formal writs and provide
remedies where the common law gave inadequate relief. In
Blackstone's words, equity was meant "to give remedy in
cases where none before was administered." 3 Commen-
taries on the Laws of England, at 50.
Adaptability has always been a hallmark of equity, espe-
cially with regard to the scope of its remedies. While com-
mon-law courts were "compelled to limit their inquiry to the
very parties in the litigation before them," equity courts
could "adjust the rights of all, however numerous," and
"adapt their decrees to all the varieties of circumstances,
which may arise, and adjust them to all the peculiar rights
of all the parties in interest." J. Story, Commentaries on
Equity Jurisprudence, pp. 27 -- 28 (2d ed. 1839). After
all, equity's "constant aim" was "to do complete justice." J.
Story, Commentaries on Equity Pleadings, p. 74 (2d ed.
1840). Accordingly, equity courts could "decid[e] upon and
settl[e] the rights of all persons interested in the subject-
matter of the suit, so that the performance of the decree of
the Court may be perfectly safe to those, who are compelled
to obey it, and also, that future litigation may be pre-
vented." Ibid.
For equity courts, injunctions were "manifestly indispen-
sable for the purposes of social justice in a great variety of
cases." Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227. Unlike this Court, then, those courts "con-
stantly decline[d] to lay down any rule which shall limit
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

their power and discretion as to the particular cases, in
which such injunctions shall be granted, or withheld." Ibid.
Justice Story underscored the "wisdom in this course": Eq-
uity courts needed flexibility to craft injunctions for partic-
ular cases, as it was "impossible to foresee all the exigencies
of society which may require their aid and assistance to pro-
tect rights or redress wrongs." Ibid.
In their pursuit of complete justice, equity courts could
award injunctive and other equitable relief to parties and
nonparties alike. For centuries, they did so through what
was known as "bills of peace." If a plaintiff or group of
plaintiffs filed such a bill, an English court could use a sin-
gle case to settle disputes affecting whole communities, for
"the inherent jurisdiction of equity" included the power "to
interfere for the prevention of a multiplicity of suits." 1 J.
Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, p. 278 (1881). Bills
of peace issued in cases " 'where the parties [were] very nu-
merous, and the court perceive[d] that it [would] be almost
impossible to bring them all before the court; or where the
question is of general interest, and a few may sue for the
benefit of the whole.' " Ortiz v. Fibreboard Corp., (1999) (CC RI 1820) (Story, J.)). In such cases, a
court could "grant [equitable relief] without making other
persons parties," instead considering them "quasi parties to
the record, at least for the purpose of taking the benefit of
the decree, and of entitling themselves to other equitable
relief, if their rights [were] jeopard[iz]ed." Id., at 723.
Early American courts embraced bills of peace and ex-
tended their logic to cases "which [were] not technically
'bills of peace,' but '[were] analogous to,' or 'within the prin-
ciple' of such bills." 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence,
at 293. One example was taxpayer suits, which allowed
courts to enjoin universally the enforcement of a challenged
tax. Sometimes, such suits were filed "by any number of
taxpayers joined as co-plaintiffs, or by one taxpayer suing
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated." Id.,
at 277. But taxpayer suits were not always representative
in nature: Even "a single taxpayer suing on his own ac-
count," if victorious, could enjoin the collection of a tax
against anyone. Ibid. Individual plaintiffs, moreover, could
secure an order "to set aside and annul any and every illegal
public official action... whereby a debt... would be un-
lawfully created." Ibid. By allowing "complete and final
relief [to] be given to an entire community by means of one
judicial decree," American courts (like their English coun-
terparts) spared nonparties and themselves from the bur-
den of "an indefinite amount of separate litigation." Id., at
278.
Federal courts have also exercised equitable authority to
enjoin universally federal and state laws for more than a
century. For instance, before deciding the constitutionality
of a new federal law in Lewis Publishing Co. v. Morgan, (1913), this Court entered an order blocking the
law's enforcement against parties and nonparties. See M.
Sohoni, The Lost History of the "Universal" Injunction, 133
Harv. L. Rev. 920, 944 -- 946 (2020). In Lewis, two newspa-
per publishers challenged as unconstitutional a federal law
requiring publishers to file with the Postmaster General
twice-yearly disclosures about their editorial board mem-
bership, corporate ownership, and subscribership. Sohoni,
133 Harv. L. Rev., at 944. After the District Court upheld
the law and authorized a direct appeal to the Supreme
Court, one of the publishers moved for a restraining order.
The proposed order sought relief not only for the publisher
who filed it, but asked the Court to " 'restrai[n]' " the Post-
master General and other federal officials from enforcing
the law against " 'appellant and other newspaper publish-
ers.' " Id., at 946. This Court readily agreed, see Journal of
Commerce and Commercial Bulletin v. Burleson, (1913) (per curiam), even as it would have sufficed
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

for the movant publishers' sake to enjoin the Act's enforce-
ment against them alone pending their appeal.
In Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925), too,
this Court affirmed a universal injunction of Oregon's com-
pulsory public schooling law. See Sohoni, 133 Harv.
L. Rev., at 959 -- 962. Two private school owners challenged
that law in a suit against the Governor of Oregon and other
state officials. "The plaintiffs did not sue on behalf of a rep-
resented group or class; they sued for themselves, alleging
that the law was an unconstitutional interference with
their property rights." Id., at 959. Yet a three-judge federal
court awarded them a universal injunction. See id., at 960 -- 
961. This Court, in affirming that relief, twice described it
as "appropriate." Pierce, 268 U. S., at 530, 533. The Court
understood that the injunction it affirmed would provide re-
lief to nonparties, commenting that such relief was neces-
sary because enforcing the Act would result not only in the
"destruction of appellees' primary schools," but would also
destroy "perhaps all other private primary schools for nor-
mal children within the State of Oregon." Id., at 534.
Cases like Lewis and Pierce were not outliers. Through-
out the early 20th century, federal courts granted universal
injunctions even when a narrower remedy would have suf-
ficed to redress the parties' injuries. See, e.g., West Virginia
Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943) (affirming
an injunction that shielded the plaintiff class of Jehovah's
Witnesses, and any other children with religious scruples,
from complying with a state law requiring children to sa-
lute the American flag); see also Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev.,
at 943 -- 993 (collecting cases). It is certainly true that fed-
eral courts have granted more universal injunctions of fed-
eral laws in recent decades. But the issuance of broad eq-
uitable relief intended to benefit parties and nonparties has
deep roots in equity's history and in this Court's precedents.
The universal injunctions of the Citizenship Order fit
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

firmly within that tradition. The right to birthright citizen-
ship is "clear," the Citizenship Order is an " 'illegal act,' "
and without the " 'preventive process of injunction,' " the
right will be " 'irreparably injured.' " Arthur v. Oakes, 63 F.
310, 328 (CA7 1894) (Harlan, J.) (describing standard for
when an injunction should issue). It would be " 'almost im-
possible,' " moreover, " 'to bring all [affected individuals] be-
fore the court,' " Ortiz, 527 U. S., at 832, justifying the use
of one suit to settle the issue of the Citizenship Order's con-
stitutionality for all affected persons. See 1 Pomeroy, Eq-
uity Jurisprudence, at 450 -- 451. Complete justice, the
"constant aim" of equity, Story, Commentaries on Equity
Pleadings, at 74, demands a universal injunction: " 'the
only remedy which the law allows to prevent the commis-
sion' " of a flagrantly illegal policy. Arthur, 63 F., at 328.
The District Courts, by granting such relief, appropriately
"settle[d] the rights of all persons interested in the subject-
matter" of these suits, binding the Government so as to pre-
vent needless "future litigation." Story, Commentaries on
Equity Pleadings, at 74.
Of course, as a matter of equitable discretion, courts may
often have weighty reasons not to award universal relief.
Among other things, universal injunctions can prevent dif-
ferent district and appellate courts from considering the
same issues in parallel, forestalling the legal dialogue (or
"percolation") the federal system uses to answer difficult
questions correctly. Not so here, however, because the Cit-
izenship Order is patently unconstitutional under settled
law and a variety of district and appellate courts have re-
viewed the issue. So too can universal injunctions encour-
age forum shopping, by allowing preferred district judges in
a venue picked by one plaintiff to enjoin governmental pol-
icies nationwide. They also operate asymmetrically against
the Government, giving plaintiffs a litigation advantage: To
halt Government action everywhere, a plaintiff must win
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

only one universal injunction across many potential law-
suits. Yet this is not a scenario where granting universal
relief will encourage forum shopping or give plaintiffs the
upper hand. Quite the opposite: By awarding universal re-
lief below, the District Courts just ordered the Government
to do everywhere what any reasonable jurist would order
the Government to do anywhere.
There may be good reasons not to issue universal injunc-
tions in the typical case, when the merits are open to rea-
sonable disagreement and there is no claim of extraordi-
nary and imminent irreparable harm.3 See Story,
Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227 ("[In-
junctive relief] ought... to be guarded with extreme cau-
tion, and applied only in very clear cases"); cf. ante, at 13 (
"[The] use [of bills of peace] was confined to limited circum-
stances"). The universal injunctions in these cases, how-
ever, are more than appropriate. These injunctions, after
all, protect newborns from the exceptional, irreparable
harm associated with losing a foundational constitutional
right and its immediate benefits. They thus honor the most
basic value of our constitutional system: They keep the Gov-
ernment within the bounds of law. Marbury v. Madison, 1
Cranch 137, 163 (1803).
2
The majority's contrary reasoning falls flat. The majority
starts with the Judiciary Act of 1789, which gives federal
courts jurisdiction over "all suits... in equity.", 1 Stat.
78. In the majority's telling, universal injunctions are in-
consistent with equity jurisdiction because they are not
"sufficiently 'analogous' to the relief ' "exercised by the High
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 These prudential considerations, however, have nothing to do with

whether universal injunctions are consistent with historical equitable
principles and practice. Contra ante, at 21, ; but cf. ante, at 21
("[T]he policy pros and cons [of universal injunctions] are beside the
point").
24 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Court of Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution and the enactment of the original Judici-
ary Act." ' " Ante, at 6 ). In reaching that ahistorical result, the Court
claims that the English Chancellor's remedies were "typi-
cally" party specific, and emphasizes that party-specific
principles have permeated this Court's understanding of
equity. Ante, at 6 -- 9.
The majority's argument stumbles out the gate. As the
majority must itself concede, injunctions issued by English
courts of equity were "typically," but not always, party spe-
cific. Ante, at 7. After all, bills of peace, for centuries, al-
lowed English courts to adjudicate the rights of parties not
before it, and to award remedies intended to benefit entire
affected communities. Taxpayer suits, too, could lead to a
complete injunction of a tax, even when only a single plain-
tiff filed suit.
The majority seeks to distinguish bills of peace from uni-
versal injunctions by urging that the former (but not the
latter) typically applied to small and cohesive groups and
were representative in nature. See ante, at 13. Yet those
are distinctions without a difference. Equity courts had the
flexibility to "adapt their decrees to all the varieties of cir-
cumstances, which may arise, and adjust them to all the
peculiar rights of all the parties in interest." Story, Com-
mentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 28. There is no
equitable principle that caps the number of parties in inter-
est. Indeed, in taxpayer suits, a single plaintiff could get
the relief of "annul[ling] any and every kind of tax or as-
sessment" that applied to an entire "county, town, or city."
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 277.4 "[T]he in-
herent jurisdiction of equity to interfere for the prevention
of a multiplicity of suits," moreover, is what empowered
common law courts to issue bills of peace. Id., at 450 -- 451
(4th ed. 1918). That is why early American courts under-
stood taxpayer suits, in which even a "single taxpayer suing
on his own account" and not on behalf of others could secure
a total injunction, to be a natural extension of a bill of peace.
Id., at 277 (1881).5
It is also unclear why " 'cohesive[ness]' " or "representa-
tive[ness]" would preclude even those universal injunctions
that, like here, benefit a discrete and cohesive group. Ante,
at 13. The Citizenship Order itself applies only to a subset
group of newborn children: that is, children born to a
mother unlawfully or temporarily present, and a father who
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923), which addressed a tax-

payer's standing to challenge a federal appropriation, did not consider
how broadly a court could enjoin Government action and is therefore not
to the contrary. Id., at 488; contra, ante, at 15.
5 The majority asserts that taxpayer suits are an "inadequate historical

analogy" for a universal injunction, ante, at 14, but cannot dispute their
essential similarity: By providing relief to an entire affected community,
both do more than merely redress a plaintiff 's injuries. Instead, the ma-
jority says that single-plaintiff, nonrepresentative taxpayer suits cannot
be proper "historical" analogues because they trace only back to the "mid-
19th century." See ibid. Yet the same is true of plaintiff-protective in-
junctions against federal and state government officials, an equitable
remedy the majority embraces by reference to "a long line of cases au-
thorizing suits against State officials in certain circumstances" that
range from the cusp of the mid-19th century to the late mid-19th century.
Ante, at 11,. In any event, early American courts deemed taxpayer
suits " 'analogous to,' [and] 'within the principle of'... bills [of peace],' "
1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 293, which trace back to the
equitable practice of the English Chancery Court, ante, at 12. Nor is it
clear why it matters that individual taxpayer suits occurred in state
courts, or that those courts did not always award the broad injunctions
available to them. Contra, ante, at 15. The relevant question is simply
whether a court of equity could award injunctive relief to nonparties.
The answer to that question is, obviously, yes.
26 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

is neither a citizen nor lawful permanent resident. Those
mothers and fathers share "not only [a common] interest in
the question, but one in common in the subject-matter of
th[is] suit." Scott v. Donald, (1897). Nor
is there any doubt that at least the individual respondents
adequately represent the injunction's beneficiaries: Like all
affected parents, they "are necessarily interested in obtain-
ing the relief sought" to preserve their children's citizen-
ship. Emmons v. National Mut. Bldg. & Loan Assn. of NY,
135 F. 689, 691 (CA4 1905) (explaining the "well-known
doctrine of equity jurisprudence" that " 'the relief sought by
[a plaintiff]' " must be " 'beneficial to those whom he under-
takes to represent' " )). What was true of bills of peace is thus true of these
universal injunctions and universal injunctions generally,
too: Both allow courts to " 'adjudicate the rights of members
of dispersed groups without formally joining them to a law-
suit through the usual procedures.' " Ante, at 13.
That bills of peace bear some resemblance to modern day
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 class actions does not
mean they cannot also be a historical analogue to the uni-
versal injunction. Contra, ante, at 13 ("The bill of peace
lives in modern form" as the "modern class action... gov-
erned in federal court by Rule 23," "not as the universal in-
junction"). In the majority's view, Rule 23 class actions, but
not universal injunctions, would "be recognizable to an Eng-
lish Chancellor" because the limitations on class actions
mirror those that applied to bills of peace. Ante, at 14 (Rule
23 "requires numerosity (such that joinder is impractica-
ble), common questions of law or fact, typicality, and repre-
sentative parties who adequately protect the interests of
the class"); cf. supra, at 25 (explaining why the universal
injunctions in these cases are consistent with those limits).
To the extent that English Chancellors would care about
the differences between Rule 23 and universal injunctions,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the majority provides absolutely no reason to conclude they
would think the former permissible and not the latter. To
the contrary, unlike the Court today, the English Chancery
Court recognized that principles of equity permit granting
relief to nonparties. The history of bills of peace makes that
apparent, particularly because they went beyond what Rule
23 permits. See ante, at 13 -- 14 ("[T]he modern Rule 23 is in
some ways 'more restrictive of representative suits than the
original bills of peace' "). They are thus a common ancestor
to both class actions and universal injunctions.
In any event, nothing in Rule 23 purports to supplant or
modify federal courts' equitable authority under the Judici-
ary Act to grant relief to nonparties, nor could it. Contra,
ante, at 14. The majority frets that universal injunctions,
if permissible, will empower federal courts to create de facto
class actions at will, thereby circumventing Rule 23's pro-
cedural protections. Ibid. Those concerns, however, have
not been borne out in reality. Rule 23 has coexisted with
universal injunctions against the Government for decades.
Universal injunctions also cannot supplant the paradigm
form of class actions, which seek money damages. In all
events, to the extent the majority's concern has any teeth,
reviewing courts are already well equipped to safeguard
Rule 23's procedural protections. If there is a genuine lack
of clarity as to the lawfulness of challenged Government ac-
tion, district courts may well abuse their discretion by re-
flexively issuing universal injunctions where a Rule 23
class action would be more appropriate. See Ashcroft v.
American Civil Liberties Union, (2004)
(standard of review for preliminary injunctions is " 'abuse of
discretion' ").
The majority next insists that the practice of "founding-
era courts of equity in the United States" cuts against uni-
versal injunctions, and that this Court "consistently re-
buffed requests for relief that extended beyond the parties."
Ante, at 8. The majority's account is irreconcilable with
28 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

early American bills of peace and the history of taxpayer
suits. It further contradicts this Court's practice, in cases
like Lewis, Pierce, and Barnette, of affirming and granting
universal injunctions even when narrower, plaintiff-
focused injunctions would have offered complete relief to
the parties. See supra, at 20 -- 21. The majority instead fo-
cuses on one case from 1897, in which this Court "permitted
only a narro[w] decree between 'the parties named as plain-
tiff and defendants in the bill,' " ante, at 7, over others, including from the same pe-
riod, doing just the opposite. The majority offers no princi-
pled basis to deem the question resolved by a single case
from 1897 while cases just a few years later charted a dif-
ferent course. Indeed, if the relevant inquiry turns on
"founding-era practice," then there is no reason why a case
from 1897 should be dispositive. Ante, at 9,.
In the majority's telling, Scott merely "illustrates that as
late as 1897, this Court adhered to a party-specific view of
relief." Ante, at 7 -- 8,. Nothing in Scott, however, dic-
tates that equitable relief must always be party specific. To
the contrary, just one year after Scott, the Court endorsed
the opposite view: "Only a court of equity," the Court ex-
plained, "is competent to... determine, once for all and
without a multiplicity of suits, matters that affect not
simply individuals, but the interests of the entire commu-
nity." Smyth v. Ames, (1898); see also
id., at 517 ("[T]he circuit court of the United States, sitting
in equity, can make a comprehensive decree covering the
whole ground of controversy, and thus avoid the multiplic-
ity of suits that would inevitably arise under the statute").6

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Regardless of the actual decree the Smyth court approved, see ante,

at 7 -- 8, its analysis clearly reveals that the Court understood equity
to permit broad relief intended to benefit parties and nonparties alike.
That is why this Court later approved or granted universal injunctions
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

The majority does not identify a single case, from the found-
ing era or otherwise, in which this Court held that federal
courts may never issue universal injunctions or broad equi-
table relief that extends to nonparties. That is to be ex-
pected, given the historical support for such relief and its
use in bills of peace and taxpayer suits.
Most critically, the majority fundamentally misunder-
stands the nature of equity by freezing in amber the precise
remedies available at the time of the Judiciary Act. Even
as it declares that " '[e]quity is flexible,' " ante, at 11, the ma-
jority ignores the very flexibility that historically allowed
equity to secure complete justice where the rigid forms of
common law proved inadequate. Indeed, "[i]n th[e] early
times [of the common law] the chief juridical employment
of the chancellor must have been in devising new writs, di-
rected to the courts of common law, to give remedy in cases
where none before was administered." 3 Blackstone, Com-
mentaries on the Laws of England, at 50. Adaptability has
thus always been at the equity's core. Hence why equity
courts "constantly decline[d] to lay down any rule which
shall limit their power and discretion as to the particular
cases, in which such injunctions shall be granted, or with-
held." Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227. The Judiciary Act of 1789 codified equity
itself, not merely a static list of remedies.
Historical analogues are no doubt instructive and provide
important guidance, but requiring an exact historical
match for every equitable remedy defies equity's purpose.
Equity courts understood the "wisdom" in keeping injunc-
tive relief flexible, for it was "impossible to foresee all the
exigencies of society which may require their aid and assis-
tance to protect rights or redress wrongs." Ibid. Of course,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
in Lewis, Pierce, and Barnette without "address[ing] the propriety of uni-
versal relief." Ante, at 9,. See also Lewis Publishing Co. v. Morgan,
(1913); Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925);
West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943).
30 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

in assessing whether a remedy falls within federal courts'
equity jurisdiction under the Judiciary Act, this Court has
asked "[w]hether the relief... was traditionally accorded
by courts of equity." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 319.
Grupo Mexicano, however, does not dictate the level of gen-
erality for that historical inquiry, and general principles of
equity that themselves existed at the founding militate
against requiring a near exact match as the majority does.
Cf. United States v. Rahimi, (2024) ("The
law must comport with the principles underlying the Sec-
ond Amendment, but it need not be a 'dead ringer' or a 'his-
torical twin' ").
Indeed, equitable relief in the United States has evolved
in one respect to protect rights and redress wrongs that
even the majority does not question: Plaintiffs today may
obtain plaintiff-protective injunctions against Government
officials that block the enforcement of unconstitutional
laws, relief exemplified by Ex parte Young, 
(1908). That remedy, which traces back to the equity prac-
tice of mid-19th century courts, finds no analogue in the re-
lief exercised in the English Court of Chancery, which could
not enjoin the Crown or English officers. See supra, at 24,
; see also Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev., at 928, 1002 -- 1006;
see also R. Fallon, D. Meltzer, & D. Shapiro, Hart and
Wechsler's The Federal Courts and the Federal System
958 -- 959 (5th ed. 2003) (noting that, in Young, "the threat-
ened conduct of the defendant would not have been an ac-
tionable wrong at common law" and that the "principle [in
Young] has been easily absorbed in suits challenging fed-
eral official action"). Under the majority's rigid historical
test, however, even plaintiff-protective injunctions against
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

patently unlawful Government action should be impermis-
sible.7 Such a result demonstrates the folly of treating eq-
uity as a closed system, rather than one designed to adapt
to new circumstances.
The relative absence of universal injunctions against the
United States before the late 20th century, moreover, re-
flects constitutional and procedural limitations on judicial
power, not equitable ones. Brief for Legal Historians in No.
24A884 as Amici Curiae 13 -- 16. Until the enactment of the
Amendments to the Administrative Procedure Act in 1976,
sovereign immunity barred most suits against the Federal
Government. Id., at 14 -- 15, p. 339 (2016)). Officer
suits against Cabinet officials before that point, moreover,
could be brought only in Washington, D. C., due to limits on
personal jurisdiction and venue that existed at the time.
Brief for Legal Historians in No. 24A884 as Amici Curiae
15 -- 16. The later emergence of universal injunctions
against the United States followed the removal of those bar-
riers and the expansion of federal actions and laws. The
rise of universal injunctions therefore represents equity's
essential adaptation to modern governance.
It is a "common expression... that Courts of Equity de-
light to do justice, and not by halves." Story, Commentaries
on Equity Pleadings, at 74. The majority, however, de-
lights to do justice by piecemeal. Its decision to strip the
federal courts of the authority to issue universal injunctions
of even flagrantly unlawful Government action represents
a grave and unsupported diminution of the judicial power
of equity. Centuries ago, Chief Justice Marshall warned
that "[i]f the legislatures of the several states may, at will,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 The majority's expressed support for such injunctions is thus irrecon-

cilable with its view that equitable remedies must be very closely " 'anal-
ogous' to the relief ' "exercised by the High Court of Chancery in England
at the time of the adoption of the Constitution and the enactment of the
original Judiciary Act." ' " Ante, at 6.
32 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

annul the judgments of the courts of the United States, and
destroy the rights acquired under those judgments, the con-
stitution itself becomes a solemn mockery." United States
v. Peters, 5 Cranch 115, 136 (1809). The Court should have
heeded that warning today.
C
Even the majority's view of the law cannot justify issu-
ance of emergency relief to the Government in these cases,
for the majority leaves open whether these particular in-
junctions may pass muster under its ruling. Indeed, the
lower courts issued the challenged injunctions consistent
with an equitable principle that even the majority em-
braces: Courts may award an equitable remedy when it is
"necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs." Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979). As the major-
ity recounts, "[t]he equitable tradition has long embraced
the rule that courts generally 'may administer complete re-
lief between the parties.' " Ante, at 16 ; empha-
sis deleted).8
So too does the Court recognize that, in some cases, com-
plete relief will require a broad remedy that necessarily
benefits nonparties. See ante, at 17, ("There may be
other injuries for which it is all but impossible for courts to
craft relief that is both complete and benefits only the
named plaintiffs"); see also Gill v. Whitford, -- 67 (2018) ("[T]he only way to vindicate an individual
plaintiff 's right to an equally weighted vote [is] through a
wholesale 'restructuring of the geographical distribution of
seats in a state legislature' "). Hence the majority's nui-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 That explains the majority's bottom line, in which it declares that the

Government's applications are "granted, but only to the extent that the
injunctions are broader than necessary to provide complete relief to each
plaintiff with standing to sue." Ante, at 27.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sance hypothetical: If a plaintiff sues her neighbor for play-
ing loud music at night, a court can order the neighbor to
turn off the music at night, even if doing so will naturally
benefit other neighbors who are not parties to the suit. See
ante, at 16 -- 17.
The majority need not resort to hypotheticals, however,
because the very injunctions in these cases were necessary
to give respondents complete relief. Indeed, each District
Court found that a universal injunction was the only feasi-
ble option to redress fully respondents' injuries. See 763
F. Supp. 3d, at 746 (concluding that "[o]nly a nationwide in-
junction will provide complete relief to the plaintiffs" be-
cause the organizational plaintiffs have " 'over 680,000
members... who reside in all 50 U.S. states and several
U.S. territories' " and " '[h]undreds or even thousands' " of
those members " 'will give birth to children in the United
States over the coming weeks and months' " ); 765 F. Supp. 3d, at 1153 ("[A] geographically lim-
ited injunction would be ineffective, as it would not com-
pletely relieve [the plaintiff States] of the Order's financial
burden(s)"); 766 F. Supp. 3d, at 288 (explaining that "in-
junctive relief limited to the State plaintiffs [would be] in-
adequate" because it would "fai[l] in providing complete re-
lief to the State plaintiffs").
Recognizing as much, the majority retreats to the view
that, even if a court "can award complete relief," it "should
[not] do so" reflexively. Ante, at 18; see also ibid. ("Com-
plete relief is not a guarantee -- it is the maximum a court
can provide"); ante, at 2 (opinion of THOMAS, J.) (suggesting
courts "err insofar as they treat complete relief as a man-
date"). Even so, the Court never suggests that the District
Courts in these cases should not have awarded relief to the
parties that completely remedied their alleged injuries.
Nor could it. The majority recognizes that "in equity, 'the
broader and deeper the remedy the plaintiff wants, the
stronger the plaintiff 's story needs to be.' " Ante, at 18 -- 19.
34 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Here, respondents paired their respective requests for com-
plete relief with the strongest story possible: Without such
relief, an executive order that violates the Constitution, fed-
eral law, Supreme Court precedent, history, and over a cen-
tury of Executive Branch practice would infringe upon their
constitutional rights or cause them to incur significant fi-
nancial and administrative costs.
Perhaps that is why the majority leaves open the possi-
bility that the District Courts, in these cases, could have
granted at least respondent States a nationwide injunction
consistent with the notion of "complete relief." The majority
recognizes, correctly, that the Massachusetts District Court
"decided that a universal injunction was necessary to pro-
vide the States themselves with complete relief." Ante, at
18.9 And the majority does not dispute the basis for those
decisions: "Children often move across state lines or are
born outside their parents' State of residence," and "th[is]
cross-border flow" would make an injunction protecting
only children born in the party States "unworkable." Ante,
18. A narrower injunction would "require [the States] to
track and verify the immigration status of the parents of
every child, along with the birth State of every child for
whom they provide certain federally funded benefits." Ante,
at 18. Unrebutted record evidence bears this out and shows
that the Citizenship Order would irreparably harm the
States, even if it does not apply to children born within their
boundaries. The Court does not contend otherwise. That
should be the end of the matter.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 In the majority's telling, the Washington District Court "acknowl-

edged the state respondents' complete relief argument but primarily
granted a universal injunction" based on its weighing of the equities. See
ante, at 18,. Not so. That court carefully explained why "a geo-
graphically limited injunction would be ineffective, as it would not com-
pletely relieve [the States] of the Order's financial burden(s)." 765 F.
Supp. 3d 1142, 1153 -- 1154 (2025). A narrower injunction, it explained,
would be "unworkable" and would itself likely impose new "recordkeep-
ing and administrative burden[s]" on the States. Id., at 1154.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Nevertheless, the majority suggests that the District
Courts might consider, after this Court hands down its de-
cision, whether some alternative narrower injunction
would provide the States complete relief. See ibid. What
would such an injunction look like, and would it be feasible?
The Court does not say. The majority does note, but takes
no position on, two narrower injunctions the Government
claims would still give complete relief to the States: an or-
der prohibiting the Government from enforcing the Citizen-
ship Order in respondent States, including as to state resi-
dents born elsewhere; or an order directing the Government
to treat children covered by the Citizenship Order as eligi-
ble for federally funded welfare benefits when those chil-
dren reside in a respondent State. See ibid..
As an initial matter, the Government never raised those
narrower injunctions to the District Courts, meaning it for-
feited them. That is what the First Circuit expressly held,
131 F. 4th, at 43 ("declining to consider" those alternatives
because they were "raised for [the] first time... in support
of stay pending appeal of preliminary injunction"), and the
majority does not dispute the point. It is true that plaintiffs
seeking a preliminary injunction bear the burden of making
"a clear showing that [they are] entitled to such relief."
Winter v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., (2008). The States met that burden, however: They
presented what is still uncontroverted evidence that an in-
junction applicable only to children born within their bor-
ders would give them less than complete relief. Accord-
ingly, it was reasonable for the District Courts to fashion
the remedies that they did, for they were "not obligated to
undertake the task of chiseling from the government's
across-the-board [Executive Order] a different policy the
government never identified, endorsed, or defended." J. D.
v. Azar, 925 F. 3d 1291, 1336 (CADC 2019) (per curiam).
Those proffered alternatives, moreover, are unworkable
36 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

on their face. Each would require creating a two-tiered
scheme in which the Government's recognition of some chil-
dren's citizenship status or eligibility for federally funded
benefits would change based on whether a child resides in
one of respondent States at any given moment. That
scheme would have to operate, somehow, without imposing
an administrative burden on respondent States or disrupt-
ing their receipt of federal funds to which they are entitled.
"[T]he regular movement of the American people into and
out of different States... would make it difficult to sensibly
maintain such a scattershot system." Ante, at 5 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.).
Such a system would also be incompatible with federal
law. Some statutes, like those governing Medicaid and
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) bene-
fits, require States to give benefits only to applicants with
a Social Security number and to use those numbers for cer-
tain administrative purposes. See, e.g., 7 U. S. C. ;
42 U. S. C. -- 7(a)(1). States could not comply with
those laws under the Government's alternative injunctions
because children covered by the Citizenship Order in non-
party States would still be treated as noncitizens at birth.
Thus, when some of those children later move to one of re-
spondent States, they would lack Social Security numbers.
No matter how it is done, discarding the nationwide status
quo of birthright citizenship would result in chaos.
What is more, the principle of complete relief does not re-
quire courts to award only the absolute narrowest injunc-
tion possible. To conclude otherwise would eviscerate the
"discretion and judgment" that is integral to the crafting of
injunctive relief. International Refugee Assistance Project,
582 U. S., at 579. Indeed, equitable relief "[t]raditionally... has been characterized by a practical flexibility in shap-
ing its remedies and by a facility for adjusting and reconcil-
ing public and private needs." Brown v. Board of Educa-
tion, (1955) (footnote omitted). That is
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 37

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

why the court in the majority's nuisance hypothetical can
"order the defendant to turn her music down," or to turn it
"off," even though the latter is technically more burdensome
on the defendant than necessary to give the plaintiff com-
plete relief. Ante, at 16.
Accordingly, the District Courts appropriately deter-
mined that the "only one feasible option" that would give
complete relief to the States was a universal injunction.
See ibid. Clearly, the majority is asking the lower courts
themselves to explain what is patently obvious about the
Government's proposed injunctions and any others that can
be imagined.
Inexplicably, however, the Court declares that, for the as-
sociational and individual respondents, injunctions enjoin-
ing the Government from enforcing the Citizenship Order
against them (and only them) would have sufficed. See
ante, at 17 -- 18. In fashioning equitable relief, however,
courts must take into account " 'what is workable.' " North
Carolina v. Covington, (2017) (per cu-
riam). Just like the injunction that the majority blesses in
the context of its nuisance-suit hypothetical, which will be-
stow a peaceful night upon the plaintiff 's neighbors even
when the plaintiff is not herself at home, the preliminary
injunction for the associational and individual respondents
reflects what is practicable. As the Maryland District Court
found, " 'hundreds or even thousands' " of the associational
respondents' members, who reside in all 50 States, " 'will
give birth to children in the United States over the coming
weeks and months.' " 763 F. Supp. 3d, at 746. Theoreti-
cally, it might be possible for a court to fashion an injunc-
tion that runs to each of the thousands of expectant moth-
ers in that group. But see ante, at 5 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.) ("Often, it is not especially workable or
sustainable or desirable to have a patchwork scheme... in
which a major new federal statute or executive action...
applies to some people or organizations in certain States or
38 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

regions, but not to others"). Yet anything less than a na-
tionwide injunction creates a risk that the Government, in-
advertently or intentionally, will enforce the Citizenship
Order against some of the plaintiffs' children before this
Court rules definitively on the Order's lawfulness.
A narrower injunction would necessarily task "[t]hose [re-
sponsible for] determining a baby's citizenship status...
with [correctly] confirming [biological] parentage, the citi-
zenship or immigration status of both [biological] parents,
and membership in specific organizations." Opposition to
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884, p.
24. That, in turn, would "impose an enormous burden on
expecting parents, membership organizations, government
employees at all levels, and hospital staff," increasing the
risk of mistake. Ibid. The risk of noncompliance is also
particularly stark here, where the challenged action itself
reflects an utter disregard for settled precedent, and given
the Government's repeated insistence that it need not pro-
vide notice to individuals before their sudden deportations.
See, e.g., A. A. R. P. v. Trump, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(per curiam) ; Department of Homeland Secu-
rity v. D. V. D., 606 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). The majority does not identify
a narrower alternative that is both practical and mitigates
that risk.
At the very least, there is no reason to think that the Dis-
trict Court abused its discretion in deciding that only a na-
tionwide injunction could protect the plaintiffs' fundamen-
tal rights. See Ashcroft, 542 U. S., at 664 (setting forth the
standard of review). "Crafting a preliminary injunction,"
after all, "is an exercise of discretion and judgment, often
dependent as much on the equities of a given case as the
substance of the legal issues it presents." International Ref-
ugee Assistance Project, 582 U. S., at 579. Applying defer-
ential abuse-of-discretion review, the Fourth Circuit em-
phasized that the "[t]he district court... carefully
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 39

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

explained why an injunction limited to the parties -- includ-
ing organizations with hundreds of thousands of members
nationwide -- would be unworkable in practice and thus fail
to provide complete relie[f] to the plaintiffs." 2025 WL
654902, *1. The majority gives no justification for deeming
the District Court's reasoned assessment an abuse of dis-
cretion.
D
The equities and public interest weigh decisively against
the Government. For all of the reasons discussed, the Citi-
zenship Order is patently unconstitutional. To allow the
Government to enforce it against even one newborn child is
an assault on our constitutional order and antithetical to
equity and public interest. Cf. Salazar v. Buono, -- 715 (2010) (plurality opinion) (" '[A] court must
never ignore... circumstances underlying [equitable relief]
lest the decree be turned into an "instrument of wrong" ' ").
Meanwhile, newborns subject to the Citizenship Order
will face the gravest harms imaginable. If the Order does
in fact go into effect without further intervention by the Dis-
trict Courts, children will lose, at least for the time being,
"a most precious right," Kennedy v. Mendoza-Martinez, (1963), and "cherished status" that "carries
with it the privilege of full participation in the affairs of our
society," Knauer v. United States, (1946).
Affected children also risk losing the chance to participate
in American society altogether, unless their parents have
sufficient resources to file individual suits or successfully
challenge the Citizenship Order in removal proceedings.
Indeed, the Order risks the "creation of a substantial
'shadow population' " for covered children born in the
United States who remain here. Plyler, 457 U. S., at 218.
Without Social Security numbers and other documentation,
these children will be denied critical public services, like
SNAP and Medicaid, and lose the ability to engage fully in
40 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

civic life by being born in States that have not filed a law-
suit. Worse yet, the Order threatens to render American-
born children stateless, a status "deplored in the interna-
tional community" for causing "the total destruction of the
individual's status in organized society." Trop v. Dulles,
-- 102 (1958) (plurality opinion). That
threat hangs like a guillotine over this litigation.
The Order will cause chaos for the families of all affected
children too, as expecting parents scramble to understand
whether the Order will apply to them and what ramifica-
tions it will have. If allowed to take effect, the Order may
even wrench newborns from the arms of parents lawfully in
the United States, for it purports to strip citizenship from
the children of parents legally present on a temporary ba-
sis. See 90 Fed. Reg. 8449. Those newborns could face de-
portation, even as their parents remain lawfully in the
country. In light of all these consequences, there can be no
serious question over where the equities lie in these cases.
IV
The Court's decision is nothing less than an open invita-
tion for the Government to bypass the Constitution. The
Executive Branch can now enforce policies that flout settled
law and violate countless individuals' constitutional rights,
and the federal courts will be hamstrung to stop its actions
fully. Until the day that every affected person manages to
become party to a lawsuit and secures for himself injunctive
relief, the Government may act lawlessly indefinitely.
Not even a decision from this Court would necessarily
bind the Government to stop, completely and permanently,
its commission of unquestionably unconstitutional conduct.
The majority interprets the Judiciary Act, which defines
the equity jurisdiction for all federal courts, this Court in-
cluded, as prohibiting the issuance of universal injunctions
(unless necessary for complete relief ). What, besides eq-
uity, enables this Court to order the Government to cease
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 41

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

completely the enforcement of illegal policies? The majority
does not say. So even if this Court later rules that the Cit-
izenship Order is unlawful, we may nevertheless lack the
power to enjoin enforcement as to anyone not formally a
party before the Court. In a case where the Government is
acting in open defiance of the Constitution, federal law, and
this Court's holdings, it is naive to believe the Government
will treat this Court's opinions on those policies as "de facto"
universal injunctions absent an express order directing to-
tal nonenforcement. Ante, at 6 (opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.).
Indeed, at oral argument, the Government refused to
commit to obeying any court order issued by a Federal
Court of Appeals holding the Citizenship Order unlawful
(except with respect to the plaintiffs in the suit), even
within the relevant Circuit. Tr. of Oral Arg. 61 -- 63. To the
extent the Government cannot commit to compliance with
Court of Appeals decisions in those Circuits, it offers no
principled reason why it would treat the opinions of this
Court any differently nationwide. Thus, by stripping even
itself of the ability to issue universal injunctions, the Court
diminishes its role as "the ultimate decider of the interim
[and permanent] legal status of major new federal statutes
and executive actions." Ante, at 3 (opinion of KAVANAUGH,
J.).
There is a serious question, moreover, whether this Court
will ever get the chance to rule on the constitutionality of a
policy like the Citizenship Order. Contra, ante, at 6 (opin-
ion of KAVANAUGH, J.) ("[T]he losing parties in the courts of
appeals will regularly come to this Court in matters involv-
ing major new federal statutes and executive actions"). In
the ordinary course, parties who prevail in the lower courts
generally cannot seek review from this Court, likely leaving
it up to the Government's discretion whether a petition will
42 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

be filed here.10 These cases prove the point: Every court to
consider the Citizenship Order's merits has found that it is
unconstitutional in preliminary rulings. Because respond-
ents prevailed on the merits and received universal injunc-
tions, they have no reason to file an appeal. The Govern-
ment has no incentive to file a petition here either, because
the outcome of such an appeal would be preordained. The
Government recognizes as much, which is why its emer-
gency applications challenged only the scope of the prelim-
inary injunctions.
Even accepting that this Court will get the opportunity to
"ac[t] as the ultimate decider" of patently unlawful policies,
ante, at 3 (opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.), and that the Execu-
tive Branch will treat this Court's opinions as de facto uni-
versal injunctions,11 it is still necessary for the lower courts
to have the equitable authority to issue universal injunc-
tions, too. As JUSTICE KAVANAUGH notes, it can take, at a
minimum, "weeks" for an application concerning a major
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 On rare occasion, this Court has permitted a party who prevailed in

the lower courts nonetheless to obtain this Court's review of a legal ques-
tion. See, e.g., Camreta v. Greene, (2011) (allowing a
government official who prevailed on grounds of qualified immunity to
challenge an underlying adverse constitutional ruling). Those exceptions
have no relevance here, however, because there is no adverse determina-
tion for respondents to challenge.
11 The majority insists that the constitutionality of the Citizenship Or-

der will come before this Court eventually and that, when it does, the
Government will obey this Court's resulting opinion with respect to all
newborn children. Ante, at 25,. Why? The majority is sure that
the Government will honor its oral-argument promises to " 'seek cert' "
when it " 'lose[s] one of ' " its pending appeals and to "respect both the
judgments and opinions of this Court." Ibid.. The majority's certainty that the Government will keep its word is
nothing short of a leap of faith, given that the Government has adopted
a plainly unconstitutional policy in defiance of this Court's precedent and
then gamed the system to stymie this Court's consideration of the policy's
merits. In any event, the Government's promise is cold comfort to the
many children whose parents do not file a lawsuit and whose citizenship
status remains in flux pending this Court's review.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 43

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

new policy to reach this Court. Ibid. In the interim, the
Government may feel free to execute illegal policies against
nonparties and cause immeasurable harm that this Court
may never be able to remedy. Indeed, in these cases, there
is a serious risk the Government will seek to deport new-
borns whose parents have not filed suit if all the injunctions
are narrowed on remand. That unconscionable result only
underscores why it is necessary, in some cases, for lower
courts to issue universal injunctions.
Fortunately, in the rubble of its assault on equity juris-
diction, the majority leaves untouched one important tool
to provide broad relief to individuals subject to lawless Gov-
ernment conduct: Rule 23(b)(2) class actions for injunctive
relief. That mechanism may provide some relief, but it is
not a perfect substitute for a universal injunction. First, a
named plaintiff must incur the higher cost of pursuing class
relief, which will involve, at a minimum, overcoming the
hurdle of class certification. " '[D]emonstrating th[e] pre-
requisites' " of numerosity, commonality and typicality and
the adequacy of the named plaintiff to represent the class
" 'is difficult and time consuming and has been getting
harder as a result of recent court decisions and federal leg-
islation.' " Chicago v. Barr, 961 F. 3d 882, 917 (CA7 2020)
; alterations in original).
" 'Courts have heightened the evidentiary standard for class
certification' " as well, " 'requiring hearings and sometimes
significant amounts of evidence on the merits of the class
before certifying the class.' " 961 F. 3d, at 917. In recent
years, moreover, " 'courts have started to deny class certifi-
cation if they think there has been a flaw in class defini-
tion,' " sometimes " 'without first allowing the plaintiffs to
amend that definition in response to the court's concerns.' "
Ibid. What is more, " 'defendants can seek interlocutory re-
view of a court's decision to certify a class, adding further
delay and expense to the certification process.' " Ibid.
44 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Hence why some " 'describ[e] the class certification process
as a "drawn-out procedural bog," which comes with signifi-
cant expense and delay for the would be class member.' "
Ibid. Indeed, at oral argument, the Government refused to
concede that a class could be certified to challenge the Citi-
zenship Order and promised to invoke Rule 23's barriers to
stop it. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 31 -- 32.
Nevertheless, the parents of children covered by the Cit-
izenship Order would be well advised to file promptly class-
action suits and to request temporary injunctive relief for
the putative class pending class certification. See
A. A. R. P., 605 U. S., at ___ ; Califano, 442
U. S., at 701 -- 703; see also ante, at 1 -- 2 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.) (recognizing that lower courts, in some cir-
cumstances, can "award preliminary classwide relief that
may... be statewide, regionwide, or even nationwide").
For suits challenging policies as blatantly unlawful and
harmful as the Citizenship Order, moreover, lower courts
would be wise to act swiftly on such requests for relief and
to adjudicate the cases as quickly as they can so as to enable
this Court's prompt review.
* * *
The rule of law is not a given in this Nation, nor any
other. It is a precept of our democracy that will endure only
if those brave enough in every branch fight for its survival.
Today, the Court abdicates its vital role in that effort. With
the stroke of a pen, the President has made a "solemn mock-
ery" of our Constitution. Peters, 5 Cranch, at 136. Rather
than stand firm, the Court gives way. Because such com-
plicity should know no place in our system of law, I dissent.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting.
I agree with every word of JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's dissent.
I write separately to emphasize a key conceptual point: The
Court's decision to permit the Executive to violate the Con-
stitution with respect to anyone who has not yet sued is an
existential threat to the rule of law.
It is important to recognize that the Executive's bid to
vanquish so-called "universal injunctions" is, at bottom, a
request for this Court's permission to engage in unlawful
behavior. When the Government says "do not allow the
lower courts to enjoin executive action universally as a rem-
edy for unconstitutional conduct," what it is actually saying
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

is that the Executive wants to continue doing something
that a court has determined violates the Constitution -- 
please allow this. That is some solicitation. With its ruling
today, the majority largely grants the Government's wish.
But, in my view, if this country is going to persist as a Na-
tion of laws and not men, the Judiciary has no choice but to
deny it.
Stated simply, what it means to have a system of govern-
ment that is bounded by law is that everyone is constrained
by the law, no exceptions. And for that to actually happen,
courts must have the power to order everyone (including the
Executive) to follow the law -- full stop. To conclude other-
wise is to endorse the creation of a zone of lawlessness
within which the Executive has the prerogative to take or
leave the law as it wishes, and where individuals who would
otherwise be entitled to the law's protection become subject
to the Executive's whims instead.
The majority cannot deny that our Constitution was de-
signed to split the powers of a monarch between the govern-
ing branches to protect the People. Nor is it debatable that
the role of the Judiciary in our constitutional scheme is to
ensure fidelity to law. But these core values are strangely
absent from today's decision. Focusing on inapt compari-
sons to impotent English tribunals, the majority ignores the
Judiciary's foundational duty to uphold the Constitution
and laws of the United States. The majority's ruling thus
not only diverges from first principles, it is also profoundly
dangerous, since it gives the Executive the go-ahead to
sometimes wield the kind of unchecked, arbitrary power the
Founders crafted our Constitution to eradicate. The very
institution our founding charter charges with the duty to
ensure universal adherence to the law now requires judges
to shrug and turn their backs to intermittent lawlessness.
With deep disillusionment, I dissent.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I
To hear the majority tell it, this suit raises a mind-numb-
ingly technical query: Are universal injunctions "suffi-
ciently 'analogous' to the relief issued 'by the High Court of
Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution and the enactment of the original Judiciary Act' "
to fall within the equitable authority Congress granted fed-
eral courts in the Judiciary Act of 1789? Ante, at 6. But
that legalese is a smokescreen. It obscures a far more basic
question of enormous legal and practical significance: May
a federal court in the United States of America order the
Executive to follow the law?
A
To ask this question is to answer it. In a constitutional
Republic such as ours, a federal court has the power to or-
der the Executive to follow the law -- and it must. It is axi-
omatic that the Constitution of the United States and the
statutes that the People's representatives have enacted
govern in our system of government. Thus, everyone, from
the President on down, is bound by law. By duty and na-
ture, federal courts say what the law is (if there is a genuine
dispute), and require those who are subject to the law to
conform their behavior to what the law requires. This is
the essence of the rule of law.
Do not take my word for it. Venerated figures in our Na-
tion's history have repeatedly emphasized that "[t]he es-
sence of our free Government is 'leave to live by no man's
leave, underneath the law' -- to be governed by those imper-
sonal forces which we call law." Youngstown Sheet & Tube
Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (R. Jackson, J., con-
curring). "Our Government is fashioned to fulfill this con-
cept so far as humanly possible." Id., at 654 -- 655. Put dif-
ferently, the United States of America has " ' "a government
of laws and not of men." ' " Cooper v. Aaron, 
(1958) (Frankfurter, J., concurring) (Frankfurter, J.,
concurring in judgment)); see also, e.g., Mass. Const., pt. 1,
Art. XXX (1780), in 3 Federal and State Constitutions 1893
(F. Thorpe ed. 1909) (J. Adams); Marbury v. Madison, 1
Cranch 137, 163 (1803) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court);
United States v. Dickson, 15 Pet. 141, 162 (1841) (Story, J.,
for the Court).
That familiar adage is more than just mere " 'rhetorical
flourish.' " Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23. It is " 'the rejection in
positive terms of rule by fiat, whether by the fiat of govern-
mental or private power.' " Ibid. Indeed, "constitutionalism
has one essential quality: it is a legal limitation on govern-
ment; it is the antithesis of arbitrary rule; its opposite is
despotic government, the government of will instead of
law." C. McIlwain, Constitutionalism: Ancient and Modern
21 -- 22 (rev. ed. 1947); see also id., at 21 ("All constitutional
government is by definition limited government").
Those who birthed our Nation limited the power of gov-
ernment to preserve freedom. As they knew all too well,
"constant experience shows us that every man invested
with power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as
far as it will go." Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, in 38
Great Books of the Western World 69 (T. Nugent transl., R.
Hutchins ed. 1952). But the Founders reasoned that the
vice of human ambition could be channeled to prevent the
country from devolving into despotism -- ambition could be
"made to counteract ambition." The Federalist No. 51, p.
322 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (J. Madison). If there were, say,
a Constitution that divided power across institutions "in
such a manner as that each may be a check on the other,"
then it could be possible to establish Government by and for
the People and thus stave off autocracy. Ibid.; see also My-
ers v. United States, (1926) (Brandeis, J.,
dissenting) ("The doctrine of the separation of powers was
adopted by the Convention of 1787, not to promote effi-
ciency but to preclude the exercise of arbitrary power").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Through such separated institutions, power checks power.
See Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, at 69. Our system of
institutional checks thus exists for a reason: so that "the
private interest of every individual may be a sentinel over
the public rights." The Federalist No. 51, at 322.
B
The distribution of power between the Judiciary and the
Executive is of particular importance to the operation of a
society governed by law. Made up of " 'free, impartial, and
independent' " judges and justices, the Judiciary checks the
political branches of Government by explaining what the
law is and "securing obedience" with it. Mine Workers, 330
U. S., at 308, 312 (opinion of Frankfurter, J.); see Marbury,
1 Cranch, at 177. The federal courts were thus established
"not only to decide upon the controverted rights of the citi-
zens as against each other, but also upon rights in contro-
versy between them and the government." United States v.
Lee, (1882).
Quite unlike a rule-of-kings governing system, in a rule-
of-law regime, nearly "[e]very act of government may be
challenged by an appeal to law." Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23
(opinion of Frankfurter, J.). In this country, the Executive
does not stand above or outside of the law. Consequently,
when courts are called upon to adjudicate the lawfulness of
the actions of the other branches of Government, the Judi-
ciary plays "an essential part of the democratic process."
Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 312. Were it otherwise -- were
courts unable or unwilling to command the Government to
follow the law -- they would "sanctio[n] a tyranny" that has
no place in a country committed to "well-regulated liberty
and the protection of personal rights." Lee, 106 U. S., at
221. It is law -- and " 'Law alone' " -- that " 'saves a society
from being rent by internecine strife or ruled by mere brute
power however disguised.' " Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23 (quot-
ing Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 308).
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The power to compel the Executive to follow the law is
particularly vital where the relevant law is the Constitu-
tion. When the Executive transgresses an Act of Congress,
there are mechanisms through which Congress can assert
its check against the Executive unilaterally -- such as, for
example, asserting the power of the purse. See K. Stith,
Congress' Power of the Purse, 97 Yale L. J. 1343, 1360
(1988) (describing Congress's ability to "regulat[e] execu-
tive branch activities by limitations on appropriations").
But when the Executive violates the Constitution, the only
recourse is the courts. Eliminate that check, and our gov-
ernment ceases to be one of "limited powers." Gregory v.
Ashcroft, (1991). After all, a limit that
"do[es] not confine the perso[n] on whom [it is] imposed" is
no limit at all. Marbury, 1 Cranch, at 176.1
II
With that background, we can now turn to this suit and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 These foundational separation-of-powers principles are, of course, the

doctrinal underpinnings of the observations I make in Parts II and III,
infra. If my point is "difficult to pin down," ante, at 22, that could be due
to the majority's myopic initial framing -- it casts today's emergency ap-
plications as being solely about the scope of judicial authority, while ig-
noring (or forgetting) the concomitant expansion of executive power that
results when the equitable remedial power of judges is needlessly re-
stricted. Or perhaps the culprit is the majority's threshold decision to
rest its holding solely on the Judiciary Act, ante, at 5, thereby facil-
itating its convenient sidestepping of the startling constitutional impli-
cations that follow from blanket limitations on the Judiciary's response
to the Executive's lawlessness. Whatever the source of the majority's
confusion, there is no question that its statutory holding restricting the
traditional equitable power of federal courts to craft a suitable remedy
for established (or likely) constitutional violations has significant rami-
fications for the separation of powers and for constitutional rights more
broadly. JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR thoroughly explains why restricting judges
in this manner is legally and historically unfounded. My goal is to high-
light the myriad ways in which the majority's newly minted no-univer-
sal-injunctions limitation also subverts core constitutional norms and is
fundamentally incompatible with the rule of law.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

focus on the ways in which the majority's ruling under-
mines our constitutional system. JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR has
laid out the relevant facts, see ante, at 9 -- 13 (dissenting
opinion), and I will not repeat what she has said. It suffices
for my purposes to reiterate that, before these applications
arrived here, three District Courts had concluded that Ex-
ecutive Order No. 14160 -- which attempts to alter the Con-
stitution's express conferral of citizenship on all who are
born in this Nation, Amdt. 14, -- likely violates the Con-
stitution. Those courts each thus enjoined the Executive
from enforcing that order anywhere, against anyone. See
763 F. Supp. 3d 723 (Md. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 
1153 (CA4); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142 (WD Wash. 2025), appeal
pending, No. 25 -- 807 (CA9); Doe v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d
266 (Mass. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1170 (CA1).
Three Courts of Appeals then declined to upset these in-
junctions during the pendency of the Government's appeals.
See 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025); 2025 WL 553485
(CA9, Feb. 19, 2025); 131 F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025).
The majority now does what none of the lower courts that
have considered Executive Order No. 14160 would do: It al-
lows the Executive's constitutionally dubious mandate to go
into effect with respect to anyone who is not already a plain-
tiff in one of the existing legal actions. Notably, the Court
has not determined that any of the lower courts were wrong
about their conclusion that the executive order likely vio-
lates the Constitution -- the Executive has not asked us to
rule on the lawfulness of Executive Order No. 14160. But
the majority allows the Executive to implement this order
(which lower courts have so far uniformly declared likely
unconstitutional) nonetheless.
Given the critical role of the Judiciary in maintaining the
rule of law, see Part I, supra, it is odd, to say the least, that
the Court would grant the Executive's wish to be freed from
the constraints of law by prohibiting district courts from or-
dering complete compliance with the Constitution. But the
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

majority goes there. It holds that, even assuming that Ex-
ecutive Order No. 14160 violates the Constitution, federal
courts lack the power to prevent the Executive from contin-
uing to implement that unconstitutional directive.
As I understand the concern, in this clash over the respec-
tive powers of two coordinate branches of Government, the
majority sees a power grab -- but not by a presumably law-
less Executive choosing to act in a manner that flouts the
plain text of the Constitution. Instead, to the majority, the
power-hungry actors are... (wait for it)... the district
courts. See ante, at 1 (admonishing district courts for dar-
ing to "asser[t] the power" to order the Executive to follow
the law universally). In the majority's view, federal courts
only have the power to "afford the plaintiff complete relief "
in the cases brought before them; they can do nothing more.
Ante, at 16. And the majority thinks a so-called universal
injunction -- that is, a court order requiring the Executive to
follow the law across the board and not just with respect to
the plaintiff -- "grant[s] relief to nonparties." See ante, at 6 -- 
8. Therefore, the majority reasons, issuing such orders ex-
ceeds district courts' authority. See ante, at 21.
So many questions arise.2 The majority's analysis is fully
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Although I will not spend much space discussing it here, the major-

ity's primary premise -- that universal injunctions "grant relief to non-
parties" -- is suspect. When a court issues an injunction (universal or
otherwise), it does so via an order that governs the relationship between
the plaintiff and the defendant. Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 65(d). That order
provides the plaintiff with relief: If the plaintiff believes that the defend-
ant has violated the court's order, she may come back to court, injunction
in hand, and demand enforcement or compensation through the mecha-
nism of civil contempt. See Longshoremen v. Philadelphia Marine Trade
Assn., (1967) (recognizing that an "injunction" is "an eq-
uitable decree compelling obedience under the threat of contempt"). As
the majority recognizes, nonparties may benefit from an injunction a
court issues in a plaintiff 's case. See ante, at 16. But that does not mean
those incidental beneficiaries have received relief -- "the injunction's pro-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

interrogated, and countered, in JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's dis-
sent. My objective is to expose the core conceptual fallacy
underlying the majority's reasoning, which, to me, also
tends to demonstrate why, and how, today's ruling threat-
ens the rule of law.
The pillar upon which today's ruling rests is the major-
ity's contention that the remedial power of the federal
courts is limited to granting "complete relief " to the parties.
Ante, at 15 -- 16. And the majority's sole basis for that prop-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
tection" (i.e., the ability to seek contempt) "extends only to the suing
plaintiff." Ante, at 17.
An injunction prohibiting the Executive from acting unlawfully oper-
ates precisely the same way. Such an injunction may benefit nonparties
as a practical matter -- but only the named plaintiffs have the right to
return to the issuing court and seek contempt, if the Executive fails to
comply. See Gompers v. Bucks Stove & Range Co., -- 
445 (1911) ("Proceedings for civil contempt are between the original par-
ties"); Buckeye Coal & R. Co. v. Hocking Valley R. Co., -- 
49 (1925) (holding that a nonparty injured by the defendant's noncompli-
ance with an injunction could not enforce the injunction); cf. Blue Chip
Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores, (1975) ("[A] consent
decree is not enforceable directly or in collateral proceedings by those
who are not parties to it even though they were intended to be benefited
by it"). So, the majority's concern that universal injunctions inappropri-
ately grant "relief " to nonparties is incorrect. Nonparties may benefit
from an injunction, but only the plaintiff gets relief.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 71 is not to the contrary. Contra, ante,
at 15,. At most, that rule and the cases the majority cites suggest
that, in certain narrow circumstances, a nonparty for whose benefit an
injunction was issued may be able to go to the issuing court and seek
contempt. But "the precise contours of Rule 71... remain unclear,"
Beckett v. Air Line Pilots Assn., 995 F. 2d 280, 287 -- 288 (CADC 1993),
and courts have largely recognized that, to the extent nonparty enforce-
ment of an injunction is available, the nonparty must stand in a close
relationship to the plaintiff or have been specifically named in the in-
junction. See United States v. American Soc. of Composers, Authors, and
Publishers, 341 F. 2d 1003, 1008 (CA2 1965) (nonparty could not enforce
injunction where it was "not... named in the judgment" even though it
was "indirectly or economically benefited by the decree").
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

osition is the practice of the High Court of Chancery in Eng-
land. Ante, at 6 -- 7. But this cramped characterization of
the Judiciary's function is highly questionable when it
comes to suits against the Executive. That is, even if the
majority is correct that courts in England at the time of the
founding were so limited -- and I have my doubts, see ante,
at 18 -- 20 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting) -- why would courts in
our constitutional system be limited in the same way?
The Founders of the United States of America squarely
rejected a governing system in which the King ruled all, and
all others, including the courts, were his subordinates. In
our Constitution-centered system, the People are the rulers
and we have the rule of law. So, it makes little sense to look
to the relationship between English courts and the King for
guidance on the power of our Nation's Judiciary vis-à-vis its
Executive. See The Federalist No. 69, at 416 (A. Hamilton)
(explaining how the President differs from the King, includ-
ing because "[t]he person of the King of Great Britain is sa-
cred and inviolable; there is no constitutional tribunal to
which he is amenable"). Indeed, it is precisely because the
law constrains the Government in our system that the Ju-
diciary's assignment is so broad, per the Constitution. Fed-
eral courts entertain suits against the Government claim-
ing constitutional violations. Thus, the function of the
courts -- both in theory and in practice -- necessarily in-
cludes announcing what the law requires in such suits for
the benefit of all who are protected by the Constitution, not
merely doling out relief to injured private parties.
Put differently, the majority views the Judiciary's power
through an aperture that is much too small, leading it to
think that the only function of our courts is to provide "com-
plete relief " to private parties. Sure, federal courts do that,
and they do it well. But they also diligently maintain the
rule of law itself. When it comes to upholding the law, fed-
eral courts ensure that all comers -- i.e., everyone to whom
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

the law applies and over whom the court has personal ju-
risdiction (including and perhaps especially the Execu-
tive) -- know what the law is and, most important, follow it.3
III
Still, upon reading the Court's opinion, the majority's
foundational mistake in mischaracterizing the true scope
and nature of a federal court's power might seem only mar-
ginally impactful. Indeed, one might wonder: Why all the
fuss? After all, the majority recognizes that district courts
can still issue universal injunctions in some circumstances.
See ante, at 16 -- 18. It even acknowledges that the lower
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 No one is saying that the reasoning of a district court's opinion, on its

own, "has the legal force of a judgment," ante, at 22; of course it does not.
The real issue today's applications raise is whether district-court opin-
ions are entitled to respect while litigation over the lawfulness of the de-
fendant's conduct is ongoing. As I have explained, the majority's key
move is to start by assuming that the remedial power of federal courts is
quite narrow (i.e., it is only appropriately exercised to grant "complete
relief " to the parties). Ante, at 5 -- 11, 16. The majority forgets (or ignores)
that federal courts also make pronouncements of law and issue orders
compelling compliance if violations are identified. Then, having zeroed
in on solely the courts' plaintiff-specific-remedies function, the majority
unsurprisingly insists that a district court cannot respond to the Execu-
tive's decision to violate the law universally by issuing an order compel-
ling universal cessation of the Executive's unlawful behavior. This kind
of broad injunction is merely one tool in a judge's kit of remedial op-
tions -- one that is directly responsive to the court's duty to uphold the
law and the Executive's decision to consciously violate it -- and it is no
more or less binding than any of the district court's other determinations.
So, rather than disdainfully securing permission to disregard the district
court's opinion and continue engaging in unlawful conduct vis-à-vis any-
one who is not the plaintiff, an enjoined Executive that believes the dis-
trict court was wrong to conclude that its behavior is unlawful has a rule-
of-law-affirming response at the ready: It can seek expedited review of
the merits on appeal. District courts themselves also have the flexibility
to stay their injunctions pending appeal, if that is requested and the cir-
cumstances demand it. But rather than permit lower courts to adapt
their remedies to the particulars of a given case, the majority today ties
judges' hands, requiring them to acquiesce to executive lawlessness in
every situation.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

courts may reimpose the same universal injunctions at is-
sue in these cases, if the courts find on remand that doing
so is necessary to provide complete relief to the named
plaintiffs. See ante, at 19. From the standpoint of out-
comes, that's all welcome news. But, as I explain below,
from the perspective of constitutional theory and actual
practice, disaster looms.
What I mean by this is that our rights-based legal system
can only function properly if the Executive, and everyone
else, is always bound by law. Today's decision is a seismic
shock to that foundational norm. Allowing the Executive to
violate the law at its prerogative with respect to anyone
who has not yet sued carves out a huge exception -- a gash
in the basic tenets of our founding charter that could turn
out to be a mortal wound. What is more, to me, requiring
courts themselves to provide the dagger (by giving their im-
primatur to the Executive Branch's intermittent lawless-
ness) makes a mockery of the Judiciary's solemn duty to
safeguard the rule of law.
A
Do remember: The Executive has not asked this Court to
determine whether Executive Order No. 14160 complies
with the Constitution. Rather, it has come to us seeking
the right to continue enforcing that order regardless -- i.e.,
even though six courts have now said the order is likely un-
constitutional. What the Executive wants, in effect, is for
this Court to bless and facilitate its desire to operate in two
different zones moving forward: one in which it is required
to follow the law (because a particular plaintiff has secured
a personal injunction prohibiting its unlawful conduct), and
another in which it can choose to violate the law with re-
spect to certain people (those who have yet to sue).
In the first zone, law reigns. For the named plaintiffs in
the suits before us, for example, the lower courts' determi-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

nation that Executive Order No. 14160 is likely unconstitu-
tional and cannot be implemented has teeth. Per the courts'
orders, the Executive is prohibited from denying citizenship
to the offspring of the named plaintiffs. See ante, at 26
(leaving the injunctions in place to the extent "necessary to
provide complete relief to each plaintiff with standing to
sue"). Within this zone, the courts' rule of decision -- that
Executive Order No. 14160 is likely unconstitutional -- ap-
plies.
But with its ruling today, the majority endorses the crea-
tion of a second zone -- one in which that rule of decision has
no effect. In this zone, which is populated by those who lack
the wherewithal or ability to go to court, all bets are off.
There is no court-issued mandate requiring the Executive
to honor birthright citizenship in compliance with the Con-
stitution, so the people within this zone are left to the pre-
rogatives of the Executive as to whether their constitutional
rights will be respected. It does not matter what six federal
courts have said about Executive Order No. 14160; those
courts are powerless to make the Executive stop enforcing
that order altogether. In effect, then, that powerlessness
creates a void that renders the Constitution's constraints
irrelevant to the Executive's actions. Of course, the Execu-
tive might choose to follow the law in this zone as well -- but
that is left to its discretion. And the Solicitor General has
now confirmed that, in the absence of a personal injunction
secured by a particular plaintiff, this Executive's view is
that compliance with lower court rulings on matters of con-
stitutional significance is optional.4
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Solicitor General said that quiet part out loud by baldly asserting

that the Executive reserves the right to defy Circuit precedent. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 33 -- 34, 60 -- 61. Although he further suggested that the admin-
istration would abide by precedent from this Court in future similar
cases, id., at 35, 63, even that seems to be a matter of prerogative, as
there is no inherent limit to the limited-scope-of-authority logic that un-
derlies today's holding, see ante, at 41 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). The
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I am not the first to observe that a legal system that op-
erates on two different tracks (one of which grants to the
Executive the prerogative to disregard the law) is anath-
ema to the rule of law.5 Thus, the law-free zone that results
from this Court's near elimination of universal injunctions
is not an unfamiliar archetype. Also eerily echoing history's
horrors is the fact that today's prerogative zone is unlikely
to impact the public in a randomly distributed manner.
Those in the good graces of the Executive have nothing to
fear; the new prerogative that the Executive has to act un-
lawfully will not be exercised with respect to them. Those
who accede to the Executive's demands, too, will be in the
clear. The wealthy and the well connected will have little
difficulty securing legal representation, going to court, and
obtaining injunctive relief in their own name if the Execu-
tive violates their rights.
Consequently, the zone of lawlessness the majority has
now authorized will disproportionately impact the poor, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Executive's less-than-sterling record of compliance with Supreme Court
rulings to date casts further doubt on this compliance claim; as JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR has explained, the Executive Order at issue here seems to
squarely violate at least one -- and perhaps five -- of our bedrock prece-
dents. See ante, at 7 -- 9 (dissenting opinion).
5 See E. Fraenkel, The Dual State, pp. xiii, 3, 71 (1941) (describing the

way in which the creation of a "Prerogative State" where the Executive
"exercises unlimited arbitrariness... unchecked by any legal guaran-
tees" is incompatible with the rule of law); see also J. Locke, Second Trea-
tise of Civil Government 13 (J. Gough ed. 1948) ("[F]reedom of men under
government is to have a standing rule to live by, common to every one of
that society... and not to be subject to the... arbitrary will of another
man"); The Federalist No. 26, p. 169 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (A. Hamilton)
(contrasting the monarch's "prerogative" with the emergence of "lib-
erty"); Myers v. United States, (1926) (Brandeis, J., dis-
senting) ("[P]rotection of the individual... from the arbitrary or capri-
cious exercise of power [is] an essential of free government"); Youngstown
Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (R. Jackson, J.,
concurring) (observing that our Constitution -- which embodies the rule
of law -- does not grant to the Executive the "prerogative exercised by
George III").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

uneducated, and the unpopular -- i.e., those who may not
have the wherewithal to lawyer up, and will all too often
find themselves beholden to the Executive's whims. This is
yet another crack in the foundation of the rule of law, which
requires "equality and justice in its application." Papa-
christou v. Jacksonville, (1972). In the
end, though, everyone will be affected, because it is law's
evenhanded application -- "to minorities as well as majori-
ties, to the poor as well as the rich" -- that "holds society to-
gether." Ibid.
The majority "skips over" these consequences. Ante, at
23. No one denies that the power of federal courts is lim-
ited -- both by the Constitution and by Congress. But the
majority seems to forget (or ignores) that the Constitution
and Congress also limit the power of the Executive. In ad-
dition, it is indisputable that the Executive's power to lev-
erage physical force in a manner that directly threatens to
deprive people of life, liberty, or property creates uniquely
harmful risks when unconstrained by law. But the majority
today roots its holding in a purported statutory limitation,
not a constitutional one. Ante, at 5,. And, as I have
explained, our Constitution gives federal courts the author-
ity to order the Executive to stop acting unlawfully. See
Part I, supra. To the extent Congress has attempted to
strip federal courts of that power via the Judiciary Act (and,
to be clear, I do not think it has, for the reasons JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR discusses, see ante, at 23 -- 31), it is powerless
to do so.
The bottom line is this: If courts do not have the authority
to require the Executive to adhere to law universally, a
dual-track system develops in which courts are ousted as
guardians in some situations and compliance with law
sometimes becomes a matter of executive prerogative. But
"[t]here can be no free society without law administered
through an independent judiciary." Mine Workers, 330
U. S., at 312 (opinion of Frankfurter, J.). "If one man" -- 
16 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

even a very important man, and even a democratically
elected man -- "can be allowed to determine for himself what
is law, every man can. That means first chaos, then tyr-
anny." Ibid.
B
This leads me to another potentially destructive aspect of
today's decision -- the Court's dismissive treatment of the
solemn duties and responsibilities of the lower courts.
Sworn judicial officers must now put on blinders and take
a see-no-evil stance with respect to harmful executive con-
duct, even though those same officials have already an-
nounced that such conduct is likely unconstitutional. Yes,
certain named plaintiffs have brought particular lawsuits
seeking protection of their legal rights. But their claim is
that Executive Order No. 14160 violates the Constitution.
If the court agrees with them, why on Earth must it permit
that unconstitutional government action to take effect at
all?
I have already explained why the majority's answer -- be-
cause the court is powerless to do anything but give "com-
plete relief " to those parties -- is wrong in terms of the ac-
tual scope of federal courts' authority. See Part I, supra. I
now observe that this response also erroneously suggests
that a court does something wrongful when it imposes a
universal injunction in a single plaintiff 's lawsuit -- akin to
giving a windfall to those who do not deserve the law's pro-
tection because they have not sued. Ante, at 8 -- 9, 12 -- 15.
This way of conceptualizing universal injunctions mistakes
that remedy for the unearned spoils of particular adversar-
ial engagements, rather than a necessary tool employed to
defend the Constitution by reinforcing pre-existing rights.
Here is what I mean. Our Constitution indisputably con-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

fers individual rights that operate as unequivocal protec-
tions against government action.6 Thus, a constrained Ex-
ecutive -- i.e., one who is bound by the Constitution not to
violate people's rights -- is a public benefit, guaranteed to all
from the start, without regard to the nature or existence of
any particular enforcement action.7 Properly understood,
then, when the Executive violates those pre-existing rights
in a nonparticularized manner, a universal injunction
merely restores what the People were always owed; that
remedy does not improperly distribute an unearned benefit
to those who did not have the temerity to secure it for them-
selves by filing a lawsuit.
Or consider it the other way: When a court is prevented
from enjoining the Executive universally after the Execu-
tive establishes a universal practice of stripping people's
constitutional rights, anyone who is entitled to the Consti-
tution's protection but will instead be subjected to the Ex-
ecutive's whims is improperly divested of their inheritance.
The Constitution is flipped on its head, for its promises are
essentially nullified.8 So, rather than having a governing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 See, e.g., Amdt. 1 (prohibiting the government from preventing the

"free exercise" of religion or "abridging the freedom of speech"); Amdt. 2
(prohibiting the government from infringing on the right "to keep and
bear Arms"); Amdt. 4 (prohibiting the government from conducting "un-
reasonable searches and seizures"); Amdt. 5 (prohibiting the government
from depriving persons of "life, liberty, or property, without due process
of law").
7 In this way of framing the issue, nonparties are more than mere "in-

cidental" beneficiaries of universal injunctions that require the Execu-
tive to respect constitutional rights. See, supra. Rather, the very
concept of constitutional rights makes the People intended beneficiaries
of the constraints that the Constitution imposes on executive action.
8 Again, the law binds the Executive from the outset in our constitu-

tional scheme, for the benefit of all. See Part I, supra. Thus, a lawsuit
is merely the vehicle that invokes the Judiciary's power to check the Ex-
ecutive by enforcing the law. The topsy-turvy scheme the majority cre-
ates today gets those well-established norms exactly backward: The law
disappears as an initial constraint on the Executive, and apparently only
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

system characterized by protected rights, the default be-
comes an Executive that can do whatever it wants to whom-
ever it wants, unless and until each affected individual af-
firmatively invokes the law's protection.
A concrete example helps to illustrate why this turnabout
undermines the rule of law. Imagine an Executive who is-
sues a blanket order that is blatantly unconstitutional -- de-
manding, say, that any and all of its political foes be sum-
marily and indefinitely incarcerated in a prison outside the
jurisdiction of the United States, without any hearing or
chance to be heard in court. Shortly after learning of this
edict, one such political rival rushes into court with his law-
yer, claims the Executive's order violates the Constitution,
and secures an injunction that prohibits the Executive from
enforcing that unconstitutional mandate. The upshot of to-
day's decision is that, despite that rival's success in per-
suading a judge of the unconstitutional nature of the Exec-
utive's proclamation, the court's ruling and injunction can
only require the Executive to shelve any no-process incar-
ceration plan that targets that particular individual (the
named plaintiff ); the Executive can keep right on rounding
up its other foes, despite the court's clear and unequivocal
pronouncement that the executive order is unlawful.
The majority today says that, unless and until the other
political rivals seek and secure their own personal injunc-
tions, the Executive can carry on acting unconstitutionally
with respect to each of them, as if the Constitution's due
process requirement does not exist. For those who get to
court in time, their right not to be indefinitely imprisoned
without due process will be protected. But if they are una-
ble to sue or get to the courthouse too late, the majority
says, oh well, there is nothing to be done, despite the fact

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
exists if a particular plaintiff files a particular lawsuit in a particular
court, claiming his (particular) entitlement.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

JACKSON, J., dissenting

that their detention without due process is plainly prohib-
ited by law.
A Martian arriving here from another planet would see
these circumstances and surely wonder: "what good is the
Constitution, then?" What, really, is this system for protect-
ing people's rights if it amounts to this -- placing the onus
on the victims to invoke the law's protection, and rendering
the very institution that has the singular function of ensur-
ing compliance with the Constitution powerless to prevent
the Government from violating it? "Those things Ameri-
cans call constitutional rights seem hardly worth the paper
they are written on!"
These observations are indictments, especially for a Na-
tion that prides itself on being fair and free. But, after to-
day, that is where we are. What the majority has done is
allow the Executive to nullify the statutory and constitu-
tional rights of the uncounseled, the underresourced, and
the unwary, by prohibiting the lower courts from ordering
the Executive to follow the law across the board. Moreover,
officers who have sworn an oath to uphold the law are now
required to allow the Executive to blatantly violate it. Fed-
eral judges pledge to support and defend the Constitution
of the United States against all enemies, foreign or domes-
tic. 5 U. S. C.. They do not agree to permit unconsti-
tutional behavior by the Executive (or anyone else). But the
majority forgets (or ignores) this duty, eagerly imposing a
limit on the power of courts that, in essence, prevents
judges from doing what their oaths require.9
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The majority highlights a number of policy concerns that some say

warrant restriction of the universal-injunction remedy. Ante, at 20 -- 21.
In my view, those downsides pale in comparison to the consequences of
forcing federal courts to acquiesce to executive lawlessness. Moreover,
and in any event, the various practical problems critics have identified
are largely overblown. For example, while many accuse universal in-
junctions of preventing percolation, the facts of this very suit demon-
strate otherwise: Three different District Courts each considered the
merits of Executive Order No. 14160, and appeals are now pending in
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I view the demise of the notion that a federal judge can
order the Executive to adhere to the Constitution -- full
stop -- as a sad day for America. The majority's unpersua-
sive effort to justify this result makes it sadder still. It is
the responsibility of each and every jurist to hold the line.
But the Court now requires judges to look the other way
after finding that the Executive is violating the law, shame-
fully permitting unlawful conduct to continue unabated.
Today's ruling thus surreptitiously stymies the Judici-
ary's core duty to protect and defend constitutional rights.
It does this indirectly, by preventing lower courts from tell-
ing the Executive that it has to stop engaging in conduct
that violates the Constitution. Instead, now, a court's
power to prevent constitutional violations comes with an
asterisk -- a court can make the Executive cease its uncon-
stitutional conduct *but only with respect to the particular
plaintiffs named in the lawsuit before them, leaving the Ex-
ecutive free to violate the constitutional rights of anyone
and everyone else.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
three Courts of Appeals. See supra, at 7. Other prudential concerns are
better addressed in more targeted ways, such as by changing venue rules
to prevent forum or judge shopping, or by encouraging lower courts to
expedite their review, thereby teeing the merits up for this Court as
quickly as possible.
That is not to say that universal injunctions can or should be issued in
every case; a court must always fit its remedy to the particular case be-
fore it, and those particulars may caution against issuing universal relief
in certain instances. See ante, at 22 -- 23 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). But
the Court today for the first time ever adopts a blanket authority-dimin-
ishing rule: It declares that courts do not have the power to exercise their
equitable discretion to order the Executive to completely cease acting
pursuant to an unlawful directive (unless doing so is necessary to provide
complete relief to a given plaintiff ). And, again, this very suit illustrates
why that bright line rule goes much too far. As JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR em-
phasizes, multiple courts have recognized that Executive Order No.
14160 is "patently unconstitutional under settled law," and those courts
thus issued the relief necessary to "protect newborns from the excep-
tional, irreparable harm associated with losing a foundational constitu-
tional right and its immediate benefits." Ibid.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

JACKSON, J., dissenting

* * *
Make no mistake: Today's ruling allows the Executive to
deny people rights that the Founders plainly wrote into our
Constitution, so long as those individuals have not found a
lawyer or asked a court in a particular manner to have their
rights protected. This perverse burden shifting cannot co-
exist with the rule of law. In essence, the Court has now
shoved lower court judges out of the way in cases where ex-
ecutive action is challenged, and has gifted the Executive
with the prerogative of sometimes disregarding the law. As
a result, the Judiciary -- the one institution that is solely re-
sponsible for ensuring our Republic endures as a Nation of
laws -- has put both our legal system, and our system of gov-
ernment, in grave jeopardy.
"The accretion of dangerous power does not come in a
day." Youngstown, 343 U. S., at 594 (opinion of Frankfur-
ter, J.). But "[i]t does come," "from the generative force of
unchecked disregard of the restrictions that fence in even
the most disinterested assertion of authority." Ibid. By
needlessly granting the Government's emergency applica-
tion to prohibit universal injunctions, the Court has cleared
a path for the Executive to choose law-free action at this
perilous moment for our Constitution -- right when the Ju-
diciary should be hunkering down to do all it can to preserve
the law's constraints. I have no doubt that, if judges must
allow the Executive to act unlawfully in some circum-
stances, as the Court concludes today, executive lawless-
ness will flourish, and from there, it is not difficult to pre-
dict how this all ends. Eventually, executive power will
become completely uncontainable, and our beloved consti-
tutional Republic will be no more.
Perhaps the degradation of our rule-of-law regime would
happen anyway. But this Court's complicity in the creation
of a culture of disdain for lower courts, their rulings, and
the law (as they interpret it) will surely hasten the downfall
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

of our governing institutions, enabling our collective de-
mise. At the very least, I lament that the majority is so
caught up in minutiae of the Government's self-serving, fin-
ger-pointing arguments that it misses the plot. The major-
ity forgets (or ignores) that "[w]ith all its defects, delays and
inconveniences, men have discovered no technique for long
preserving free government except that the Executive be
under the law, and that the law be made by parliamentary
deliberations." Id., at 655 (opinion of R. Jackson, J.). Trag-
ically, the majority also shuns this prescient warning: Even
if "[s]uch institutions may be destined to pass away," "it is
the duty of the Court to be last, not first, to give them up."
Ibid.

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
The United States has filed three emergency applications
challenging the scope of a federal court's authority to enjoin
Government officials from enforcing an executive order.
Traditionally, courts issued injunctions prohibiting execu-
tive officials from enforcing a challenged law or policy only
against the plaintiffs in the lawsuit. The injunctions before
us today reflect a more recent development: district courts
asserting the power to prohibit enforcement of a law or pol-
icy against anyone. These injunctions -- known as "univer-
sal injunctions" -- likely exceed the equitable authority that
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Congress has granted to federal courts.1 We therefore grant
the Government's applications to partially stay the injunc-
tions entered below.
I
The applications before us concern three overlapping,
universal preliminary injunctions entered by three differ-
ent District Courts. See 763 F. Supp. 3d 723 (Md. 2025),
appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1153 (CA4); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142
(WD Wash. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 807 (CA9); Doe
v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d 266 (Mass. 2025), appeal pend-
ing, No. 25 -- 1170 (CA1). The plaintiffs -- individuals, organ-
izations, and States -- sought to enjoin the implementation
and enforcement of President Trump's Executive Order No.
14160.2 See Protecting the Meaning and Value of American
Citizenship, 90 Fed. Reg. 8449 (2025). The Executive Order
identifies circumstances in which a person born in the
United States is not "subject to the jurisdiction thereof " and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Such injunctions are sometimes called "nationwide injunctions," re-

flecting their use by a single district court to bar the enforcement of a
law anywhere in the Nation. But the term "universal" better captures
how these injunctions work. Even a traditional, parties-only injunction
can apply beyond the jurisdiction of the issuing court. Steele v. Bulova
Watch Co., (1952) (When "exercising its equity pow-
ers," a district court "may command persons properly before it to cease
or perform acts outside its territorial jurisdiction"). The difference be-
tween a traditional injunction and a universal injunction is not so much
where it applies, but whom it protects: A universal injunction prohibits
the Government from enforcing the law against anyone, anywhere. H.
Wasserman, "Nationwide" Injunctions Are Really "Universal" Injunc-
tions and They Are Never Appropriate, 22 Lewis & Clark L. Rev. 335,
338 (2018).
2 The Government does not dispute -- nor could it -- that the individual

plaintiffs have standing to sue. But it argues that the States lack third-
party standing because their claims rest exclusively on the rights of in-
dividuals. Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884,
pp. 28 -- 32. It also challenges the District Courts' authority to grant relief
to the organizations' members who are not identified in the complaints.
See id., at 22. We do not address these arguments.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

is thus not recognized as an American citizen. See ibid.
Specifically, it sets forth the "policy of the United States" to
no longer issue or accept documentation of citizenship in
two scenarios: "(1) when [a] person's mother was unlawfully
present in the United States and the person's father was
not a United States citizen or lawful permanent resident at
the time of said person's birth, or (2) when [a] person's
mother's presence in the United States was lawful but tem-
porary, and the person's father was not a United States cit-
izen or lawful permanent resident at the time of said per-
son's birth." Ibid. The Executive Order also provides for a
30-day ramp-up period. During that time, the order directs
executive agencies to develop and issue public guidance re-
garding the order's implementation. See id., at 8449 -- 8450.
The plaintiffs filed suit, alleging that the Executive Order
violates the Fourteenth Amendment's Citizenship Clause, as well as of the Nationality Act of 1940, 54 Stat.
1138 (codified at 8 U. S. C. ). In each case, the District
Court concluded that the Executive Order is likely unlawful
and entered a universal preliminary injunction barring var-
ious executive officials from applying the policy to anyone
in the country. And in each case, the Court of Appeals de-
nied the Government's request to stay the sweeping relief.
See 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025); 2025 WL 553485
(CA9, Feb. 19, 2025); 131 F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025).
The Government has now filed three nearly identical ap-
plications seeking to partially stay the universal prelimi-
nary injunctions and limit them to the parties. See Appli-
cation for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884;
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A885;
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A886.3
The applications do not raise -- and thus we do not ad-
dress -- the question whether the Executive Order violates

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Because the applications are materially identical, we cite only the ap-

plication in No. 24A884 throughout the rest of the opinion.
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the Citizenship Clause or Nationality Act. The issue before
us is one of remedy: whether, under the Judiciary Act of
1789, federal courts have equitable authority to issue uni-
versal injunctions.
II
The question whether Congress has granted federal
courts the authority to universally enjoin the enforcement
of an executive or legislative policy plainly warrants our re-
view, as Members of this Court have repeatedly empha-
sized. See, e.g., McHenry v. Texas Top Cop Shop, 604 U. S.
___, ___ (2025) (GORSUCH, J., concurring in grant of stay)
("I would... take this case now to resolve
definitively the question whether a district court may issue
universal injunctive relief "); Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___,
___ -- ___ (2024) (GORSUCH, J., joined by THOMAS and ALITO,
JJ., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 8) ("[T]he pro-
priety of universal injunctive relief [is] a question of great
significance that has been in need of the Court's attention
for some time"); Griffin v. HM Florida-ORL, LLC, 601 U. S.
___, ___ (2023) (statement of KAVANAUGH, J., joined by
BARRETT, J., except as to footnote 1, respecting denial of ap-
plication for stay) (Universal injunctions pre-
sent "an important question that could warrant our review
in the future"); Trump v. Hawaii, (2018)
(THOMAS, J., concurring) ("If [universal injunctions'] popu-
larity continues, this Court must address their legality").
On multiple occasions, and across administrations, the So-
licitor General has asked us to consider the propriety of this
expansive remedy. See, e.g., Application for Stay of Injunc-
tion in McHenry v. Texas Top Cop Shop, Inc., O. T. 2024,
No. 24A653 (Biden administration); Brief for Petitioners in
Trump v. Hawaii, O. T. 2017, No. 17 -- 965 (first Trump ad-
ministration).
It is easy to see why. By the end of the Biden administra-
tion, we had reached "a state of affairs where almost every
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

major presidential act [was] immediately frozen by a fed-
eral district court." W. Baude & S. Bray, Comment, Proper
Parties, Proper Relief, 137 Harv. L. Rev. 153, 174 (2023).
The trend has continued: During the first 100 days of the
second Trump administration, district courts issued ap-
proximately 25 universal injunctions. Congressional Re-
search Service, J. Lampe, Nationwide Injunctions in the
First Hundred Days of the Second Trump Administration 1
(May 16, 2025). As the number of universal injunctions has
increased, so too has the importance of the issue.
III
A
The Government is likely to succeed on the merits of its
argument regarding the scope of relief. See Nken v. Holder,
(2009) (holding that for a stay application
to be granted, the applicant must make " 'a strong showing
that [it] is likely to succeed on the merits' "). A universal
injunction can be justified only as an exercise of equitable
authority, yet Congress has granted federal courts no such
power.4
The Judiciary Act of 1789 endowed federal courts with
jurisdiction over "all suits... in equity,", 1 Stat. 78, and
still today, this statute "is what authorizes the federal
courts to issue equitable remedies," S. Bray & E. Sherwin,
Remedies 442 (4th ed. 2024). Though flexible, this equita-
ble authority is not freewheeling. We have held that the
statutory grant encompasses only those sorts of equitable
remedies "traditionally accorded by courts of equity" at our
country's inception. Grupo Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v.
Alliance Bond Fund, Inc., (1999); see
also, e.g., Payne v. Hook, 7 Wall. 425, 430 (1869) ("The eq-
uity jurisdiction conferred on the Federal courts is the same
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Our decision rests solely on the statutory authority that federal

courts possess under the Judiciary Act of 1789. We express no view on
the Government's argument that Article III forecloses universal relief.
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

that the High Court of Chancery in England possesses").5
We must therefore ask whether universal injunctions are
sufficiently "analogous" to the relief issued " 'by the High
Court of Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution and the enactment of the original Judici-
ary Act.' " Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 318 -- 319 ).
The answer is no: Neither the universal injunction nor
any analogous form of relief was available in the High
Court of Chancery in England at the time of the founding.
Equity offered a mechanism for the Crown "to secure justice
where it would not be secured by the ordinary and existing
processes of law." G. Adams, The Origin of English Equity,
16 Colum. L. Rev. 87, 91 (1916). This "judicial prerogative
of the King" thus extended to "those causes which the ordi-
nary judges were incapable of determining." 1 J. Pomeroy,
Equity Jurisprudence, p. 27 (1881). Eventually, the
Crown instituted the "practice of delegating the cases" that
"came before" the judicial prerogative "to the chancellor for
his sole decision." Id., at 28. This "became the common
mode of dealing with such controversies." Ibid.
Of importance here, suits in equity were brought by and
against individual parties. Indeed, the "general rule in Eq-
uity [was] that all persons materially interested [in the
suit] [were] to be made parties to it." J. Story, Commen-
taries on Equity Pleadings, p. 74 (2d ed. 1840) (Story).
Injunctions were no exception; there were "sometimes suits

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See also Guaranty Trust Co. v. York, (1945) ("[T]he

federal courts [have] no power that they would not have had in any event
when courts were given 'cognizance,' by the first Judiciary Act, of suits
'in equity' "); Boyle v. Zacharie & Turner, 6 Pet. 648, 658 (1832) ("[T]he
settled doctrine of this court is, that the remedies in equity are to be ad-
ministered, not according to the state practice, but according to the prac-
tice of courts of equity in the parent country").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

to restrain the actions of particular officers against partic-
ular plaintiffs." S. Bray, Multiple Chancellors: Reforming
the National Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 425 (2017)
(Bray, Multiple Chancellors). And in cer-
tain cases, the "Attorney General could be a defendant."
Ibid. The Chancellor's remedies were also typically party
specific. "As a general rule, an injunction" could not bind
one who was not a "party to the cause." F. Calvert, Suits in
Equity 120 (2d ed. 1847); see also Iveson v. Harris, 7 Ves.
251, 257, 32 Eng. Rep. 102, 104 (1802) ("[Y]ou cannot have
an injunction except against a party to the suit"). Suffice it
to say, then, under longstanding equity practice in Eng-
land, there was no remedy "remotely like a national injunc-
tion." Bray, Multiple Chancellors 425.
Nor did founding-era courts of equity in the United States
chart a different course. See 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurispru-
dence, at 33 -- 34. If anything, the approach traditionally
taken by federal courts cuts against the existence of such a
sweeping remedy. Consider Scott v. Donald, where the
plaintiff successfully challenged the constitutionality of a
law on which state officials had relied to confiscate alcohol
that the plaintiff kept for personal use. See (1897) (statement of case); id., at 111 -- 112 (opinion of
the Court). Although the plaintiff sought an injunction bar-
ring enforcement of the law against both himself and any-
one else "whose rights [were] infringed and threatened" by
it, this Court permitted only a narrower decree between
"the parties named as plaintiff and defendants in the bill."
Id., at 115 -- 117.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Though the principal dissent claims otherwise, we do not treat Scott

as "dispositive." Post, at 28 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). Under Grupo
Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v. Alliance Bond Fund, Inc., 
(1999), the lack of a historical analogue is dispositive. Scott simply illus-
trates that as late as 1897, this Court adhered to a party-specific view of
relief. And while the principal dissent relies on Smyth v. Ames, (1898), as a counterexample to Scott, see post, at 28 (opinion of
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

In the ensuing decades, we consistently rebuffed requests
for relief that extended beyond the parties. See, e.g., Per-
kins v. Lukens Steel Co., (1940) ("The
benefits of [the court's] injunction" improperly extended "to
bidders throughout the Nation who were not parties to any
proceeding, who were not before the court[,] and who had
sought no relief "); cf. Frothingham v. Mellon, decided with
Massachusetts v. Mellon, -- 489 (1923)
(concluding that the Court lacked authority to issue "pre-
ventive relief " that would apply to people who "suffe[r] in
some indefinite way in common with people generally");
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 433 (explaining that the Froth-
ingham analysis "intertwines concepts of equity, remedies,
and the judicial power"). As Justice Nelson put it while rid-
ing circuit, "[t]here is scarcely a suit at law, or in equity,...
in which a general statute is interpreted, that does not in-
volve a question in which other parties are interested." Cut-
ting v. Gilbert, 6 F. Cas. 1079, 1080 (No. 3,519) (CC SDNY
1865). But to allow all persons subject to the statute to be
treated as parties to a lawsuit "would confound the estab-
lished order of judicial proceedings." Ibid.
Our early refusals to grant relief to nonparties are con-
sistent with the party-specific principles that permeate our
understanding of equity. "[N]either declaratory nor injunc-
tive relief," we have said, "can directly interfere with en-
forcement of contested statutes or ordinances except with
respect to the particular federal plaintiffs." Doran v. Salem
Inn, Inc., (1975); see also Gregory v. Stet-
son, (1890) ("It is an elementary principle
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
SOTOMAYOR, J.), it is unclear why. Even supporters of the universal in-
junction recognize that "the decree [that Smyth] affirmed did not reach
beyond the parties." M. Sohoni, The Lost History of the "Universal" In-
junction, 133 Harv. L. Rev. 920, 939 (2020); Smyth, 169 U. S., at 476 -- 477
(statement of case) ).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

that a court cannot adjudicate directly upon a person's right
without having him either actually or constructively before
it. This principle is fundamental"); Baude, 137 Harv.
L. Rev., at 168 (noting the "party-specific understanding of
what equitable remedies do").
In fact, universal injunctions were not a feature of federal-
court litigation until sometime in the 20th century. See
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 448 -- 452 (discussing various ra-
tionales for the birth of the universal injunction); see also
Application in No. 24A884, at 17 -- 18. The D. C. Circuit is-
sued what some regard as the first universal injunction in
1963. See Wirtz v. Baldor Elec. Co., 337 F. 2d 518, 535 (en-
joining the Secretary of Labor "with respect to the entire
[electric motors and generators] industry," not just the
named plaintiffs to the lawsuit).7 Yet such injunctions re-
mained rare until the turn of the 21st century, when their
use gradually accelerated. See Bray, Multiple Chancellors
439 -- 443 (referencing Flast v. Cohen, (1968),
and Harlem Valley Transp. Assn. v. Stafford, 360 F. Supp.
1057 (SDNY 1973)). One study identified approximately
127 universal injunctions issued between 1963 and 2023.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 There is some dispute about whether Wirtz was the first universal

injunction. Professor Mila Sohoni points to other possible 20th-century
examples, including West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, 
(1943), Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925), and Lewis Pub-
lishing Co. v. Morgan, (1913). See M. Sohoni, 133 Harv.
L. Rev., at 943; Brief for Professor Mila Sohoni as Amica Curiae 3; see
also post, at 21 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). But see M. Morley, Disaggre-
gating the History of Nationwide Injunctions: A Response to Professor
Sohoni, 72 Ala. L. Rev. 239, 252 -- 256 (2020) (disputing these examples).
Regardless, under any account, universal injunctions postdated the
founding by more than a century -- and under Grupo Mexicano, equitable
authority exercised under the Judiciary Act must derive from founding-
era practice. 527 U. S., at 319. It also bears emphasis that none of these
cases addresses the propriety of universal relief. Like a "drive-by-juris-
dictional rulin[g]," implicit acquiescence to a broad remedy "ha[s] no
precedential effect." Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, (1998).
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

See District Court Reform: Nationwide Injunctions, 137
Harv. L. Rev. 1701, 1705 (2024). Ninety-six of them -- over
three quarters -- were issued during the administrations of
President George W. Bush, President Obama, President
Trump, and President Biden. Ibid.
The bottom line? The universal injunction was conspicu-
ously nonexistent for most of our Nation's history. Its ab-
sence from 18th- and 19th-century equity practice settles
the question of judicial authority.8 See Grupo Mexicano,
527 U. S., at 318 -- 319. That the absence continued into the
20th century renders any claim of historical pedigree still
more implausible. Even during the "deluge of constitu-
tional litigation that occurred in the wake of Ex parte
Young, throughout the Lochner Era, and at the dawn of the
New Deal," universal injunctions were nowhere to be found.
M. Morley, Disaggregating the History of Nationwide In-
junctions: A Response to Professor Sohoni, 72 Ala. L. Rev.
239, 252 (2020) (footnotes omitted). Had federal courts be-
lieved themselves to possess the tool, surely they would not
have let it lay idle.
Faced with this timeline, the principal dissent accuses us
of "misunderstand[ing] the nature of equity" as being
"fr[ozen] in amber... at the time of the Judiciary Act."
Post, at 29 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). Not so. We said it
before, see supra, at 5, and say it again: "[E]quity is flexi-
ble." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 322. At the same time,
its "flexibility is confined within the broad boundaries of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The principal dissent faults us for failing to identify a single founding-

era case in which this Court held that universal injunctions exceed a fed-
eral court's equitable authority. See post, at 29 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR,
J.). But this absence only bolsters our case. That this Court had no oc-
casion to reject the universal injunction as inconsistent with traditional
equity practice merely demonstrates that no party even bothered to ask
for such a sweeping remedy -- because no court would have entertained
the request. Cf. Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 332 ("[E]quitable powers
conferred by the Judiciary Act of 1789 did not include the power to create
remedies previously unknown to equity jurisprudence").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

traditional equitable relief."9 Ibid. A modern device need
not have an exact historical match, but under Grupo Mexi-
cano, it must have a founding-era antecedent. And neither
the universal injunction nor a sufficiently comparable pre-
decessor was available from a court of equity at the time of
our country's inception. See id., at 333. Because the uni-
versal injunction lacks a historical pedigree, it falls outside
the bounds of a federal court's equitable authority under
the Judiciary Act.10 See id., at 318 -- 319.
B
Respondents raise several counterarguments, which the
principal dissent echoes. First, they insist that the univer-
sal injunction has a sufficient historical analogue: a decree
resulting from a bill of peace. Second, they maintain that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 Notwithstanding Grupo Mexicano, the principal dissent invokes Ex

parte Young, (1908), as support for the proposition that
equity can encompass remedies that have "no analogue in the relief ex-
ercised in the English Court of Chancery," because Ex parte Young per-
mits plaintiffs to "obtain plaintiff-protective injunctions against Govern-
ment officials," and the English Court of Chancery "could not enjoin the
Crown or English officers," post, at 30 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). But
contrary to the principal dissent's suggestion, Ex parte Young does not
say -- either explicitly or implicitly -- that courts may devise novel reme-
dies that have no background in traditional equitable practice. Histori-
cally, a court of equity could issue an antisuit injunction to prevent an
officer from engaging in tortious conduct. Ex parte Young justifies its
holding by reference to a long line of cases authorizing suits against state
officials in certain circumstances. See 209 U. S., at 150 -- 152 ; Governor of Geor-
gia v. Madrazo, 1 Pet. 110 (1828); and Davis v. Gray, 16 Wall. 203
(1873)). Support for the principal dissent's approach is found not in
Ex parte Young, but in Justice Ginsburg's partial dissent in Grupo Mex-
icano, which eschews the governing historical approach in favor of "[a]
dynamic equity jurisprudence." 527 U. S., at 337 (opinion concurring in
part and dissenting in part).
10 Nothing we say today resolves the distinct question whether the Ad-

ministrative Procedure Act authorizes federal courts to vacate federal
agency action. See 5 U. S. C. (authorizing courts to "hold unlaw-
ful and set aside agency action").
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

universal injunctions are consistent with the principle that
a court of equity may fashion complete relief for the parties.
Third, they argue that universal injunctions serve im-
portant policy objectives.
1
In an effort to satisfy Grupo Mexicano's historical test,
respondents claim that universal injunctive relief does have
a founding-era forebear: the decree obtained on a "bill of
peace," which was a form of group litigation permitted in
English courts. See Opposition to Application in No.
24A884 (CASA), pp. 30 -- 31; see also Brief for Professor Mila
Sohoni as Amica Curiae 6 -- 8. This bill allowed the Chan-
cellor to consolidate multiple suits that involved a "common
claim the plaintiff could have against multiple defendants"
or "some kind of common claim that multiple plaintiffs
could have against a single defendant." Bray, Multiple
Chancellors 426; see How v. Tenants of Bromsgrove, 1 Vern.
22, 23 Eng. Rep. 277 (1681) (suit by a lord against his ten-
ants collectively); Brown v. Vermuden, 1 Ch. Ca. 283, 22
Eng. Rep. 802 (1676), and Brown v. Vermuden, 1 Ch. Ca.
272, 22 Eng. Rep. 796 (1676) (suit by a parson against lead
miners in a parish, who named four of their members to de-
fend the suit in a representative capacity). Universal in-
junctions are analogous to this traditional equitable device,
respondents say, so federal courts have authority under the
Judiciary Act to issue them.
The analogy does not work. True, "bills of peace allowed
[courts of equity] to adjudicate the rights of members of dis-
persed groups without formally joining them to a lawsuit
through the usual procedures." Arizona v. Biden, 40 F. 4th
375, 397 (CA6 2022) (Sutton, C. J., concurring); see Story
-- 135 (discussing representative suits). Even so, their
use was confined to limited circumstances. See 7A C.
Wright, A. Miller, & M. Kane, Federal Practice and Proce-
dure, p. 10, and (4th ed. 2021) 13

Opinion of the Court

New River Co., 11 Ves. 429, 32 Eng. Rep. 1154 (Ch. 1803)).
Unlike universal injunctions, which reach anyone affected
by legislative or executive action -- no matter how large the
group or how tangential the effect -- a bill of peace involved
a "group [that] was small and cohesive," and the suit did
not "resolve a question of legal interpretation for the entire
realm." Bray, Multiple Chancellors 426. And unlike uni-
versal injunctions, which bind only the parties to the suit,
decrees obtained on a bill of peace "would bind all members
of the group, whether they were present in the action or
not." 7A Wright, Federal Practice and Procedure, at
10; see Smith v. Swormstedt, 16 How. 288, 303 (1854)
(When "a court of equity permits a portion of the parties in
interest to represent the entire body... the decree binds all
of them the same as if all were before the court"); see also
Story ("[I]n most, if not in all, cases of this sort, the
decree obtained upon such a Bill will ordinarily be held
binding upon all other persons standing in the same predic-
ament"). As Chief Judge Sutton aptly put it, "[t]he domes-
ticated animal known as a bill of peace looks nothing like
the dragon of nationwide injunctions." Arizona, 40 F. 4th,
at 397 (concurring opinion).
The bill of peace lives in modern form, but not as the uni-
versal injunction. It evolved into the modern class action,
which is governed in federal court by Rule 23 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure. 7A Wright, Federal Practice and
Procedure, at 10 ("It was the English bill of peace
that developed into what is now known as the class action");
see Hansberry v. Lee, (1940) ("The class suit
was an invention of equity"). And while Rule 23 is in some
ways "more restrictive of representative suits than the orig-
inal bills of peace," Rodgers v. Bryant, 942 F. 3d 451, 464
(CA8 2019) (Stras, J., concurring), it would still be recog-
nizable to an English Chancellor. Rule 23 requires numer-
osity (such that joinder is impracticable), common ques-
tions of law or fact, typicality, and representative parties
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

who adequately protect the interests of the class. Fed. Rule
Civ. Proc. 23(a). The requirements for a bill of peace were
virtually identical. See 7A Wright, Federal Practice and
Procedure, at 10, and. None of these requirements is a pre-
requisite for a universal injunction.
Rule 23's limits on class actions underscore a significant
problem with universal injunctions. A " 'properly conducted
class action,' " we have said, "can come about in federal
courts in just one way -- through the procedure set out in
Rule 23." Smith v. Bayer Corp., (2011);
Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(a) ("One or more members of a class
may sue or be sued as representative parties on behalf of all
members only if " Rule 23(a)'s requirements are satisfied
). Yet by forging a shortcut to relief that
benefits parties and nonparties alike, universal injunctions
circumvent Rule 23's procedural protections and allow
" 'courts to "create de facto class actions at will." ' " Smith,
564 U. S., at 315 ). Why bother with a Rule 23 class action when
the quick fix of a universal injunction is on the table? Cf.
Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 330 -- 331 ("Why go through
the trouble of complying with local attachment and garnish-
ment statutes when this all-purpose prejudgment injunc-
tion is available?"). The principal dissent's suggestion that
these suits could have satisfied Rule 23's requirements
simply proves that universal injunctions are a class-action
workaround. Post, at 25 -- 26 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.).
The taxpayer suit is a similarly inadequate historical
analogy. Contra, post, at 24 -- 25. In a successful taxpayer
suit, a court would enjoin the collection of an unlawful tax
against "taxpayers joined as co-plaintiffs, or by one tax-
payer suing on behalf of himself and all others similarly sit-
uated." 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 277. To
be sure, some state courts would occasionally "enjoin the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

enforcement and collection" of taxes against an "entire com-
munity," even when a "single taxpayer su[ed] on his own
account." Id., at 277 -- 278. But the practice of extending
relief "with respect to any taxpayer" was not adopted by
state courts until the mid-19th century, and even then, not
all states were willing to provide such sweeping relief. See
Bray, Multiple Chancellors 427. This post-founding prac-
tice of some state courts thus sheds minimal light on federal
courts' equitable authority under the Judiciary Act. What
is more, in Frothingham, we refused to allow a single tax-
payer to challenge a federal appropriations act. 262 U. S.,
at 486 -- 487. That counsels against placing much, if any, re-
liance on taxpayer suits as justification for the modern uni-
versal injunction.
2
Respondents contend that universal injunctions -- or at
least these universal injunctions -- are consistent with the
principle that a court of equity may fashion a remedy that
awards complete relief. See Opposition to Application in
No. 24A884 (CASA), at 22 -- 25; Opposition to Application in
No. 24A885 (Washington), pp. 28 -- 32; Opposition to Appli-
cation in No. 24A886 (New Jersey), pp. 31 -- 39. We agree
that the complete-relief principle has deep roots in equity.
But to the extent respondents argue that it justifies the
award of relief to nonparties, they are mistaken.11
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 JUSTICE JACKSON, for her part, thinks the "premise" that universal

injunctions provide relief to nonparties is "suspect" because, in her view,
"[n]onparties may benefit from an injunction, but only the plaintiff gets
relief." Post, at 8 -- 9, (dissenting opinion). The availability of con-
tempt proceedings suggests otherwise. Consider the civil contempt con-
text. Under "traditional principles of equity practice," courts may "im-
pos[e] civil contempt sanctions to 'coerce [a] defendant into compliance'
with an injunction." Taggart v. Lorenzen, (2019)
).
Generally, civil contempt proceedings occur between the original parties
to the lawsuit. See Gompers v. Bucks Stove & Range Co., TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

"Complete relief " is not synonymous with "universal re-
lief." It is a narrower concept: The equitable tradition has
long embraced the rule that courts generally "may admin-
ister complete relief between the parties." Kinney-Coastal
Oil Co. v. Kieffer, (1928). While party-specific injunctions sometimes "ad-
vantag[e] nonparties," Trump, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS,
J., concurring), they do so only incidentally.
Consider an archetypal case: a nuisance in which one
neighbor sues another for blasting loud music at all hours
of the night. To afford the plaintiff complete relief, the court
has only one feasible option: order the defendant to turn her
music down -- or better yet, off. That order will necessarily
benefit the defendant's surrounding neighbors too; there is
no way "to peel off just the portion of the nuisance that
harmed the plaintiff." Rodgers, 942 F. 3d, at 462 (Stras, J.,
concurring); see A. Woolhandler & C. Nelson, Does History
Defeat Standing Doctrine? 102 Mich. L. Rev. 689, 702
(2004). But while the court's injunction might have the
practical effect of benefiting nonparties, "that benefit [is]
merely incidental." Trump, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring); see also 3 J. Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, pp. 380 -- 381 (1883).12 As a matter of law, the injunc-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
444 -- 445 (1911). But a federal court's "power in civil contempt proceed-
ings is determined by the requirements of full remedial relief " to "effect
compliance with its decree." McComb v. Jacksonville Paper Co., -- 194 (1949). And "[w]hen an order grants relief for a non-
party," as is the case with universal injunctions,"the procedure for en-
forcing the order is the same as for a party." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 71; see,
e.g., Zamecnik v. Indiana Prairie School Dist. No. 204, 636 F. 3d 874, 879
(CA7 2011). So a nonparty covered by a universal injunction is likely to
reap both the practical benefit and the formal relief of the injunction.
See M. Smith, Only Where Justified: Toward Limits and Explanatory
Requirements for Nationwide Injunctions, 95 Notre Dame L. Rev. 2013,
2019 (2020).
12 There may be other injuries for which it is all but impossible for
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

tion's protection extends only to the suing plaintiff -- as evi-
denced by the fact that only the plaintiff can enforce the
judgment against the defendant responsible for the nui-
sance. If the nuisance persists, and another neighbor wants
to shut it down, she must file her own suit.13
The individual and associational respondents are there-
fore wrong to characterize the universal injunction as
simply an application of the complete-relief principle. Un-
der this principle, the question is not whether an injunction
offers complete relief to everyone potentially affected by an
allegedly unlawful act; it is whether an injunction will offer
complete relief to the plaintiffs before the court. See Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979) ("[I]njunctive
relief should be no more burdensome to the defendant than
necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs" (em-
phasis added)). Here, prohibiting enforcement of the Exec-
utive Order against the child of an individual pregnant
plaintiff will give that plaintiff complete relief: Her child
will not be denied citizenship. Extending the injunction to
cover all other similarly situated individuals would not ren-
der her relief any more complete.
The complete-relief inquiry is more complicated for the
state respondents, because the relevant injunction does not
purport to directly benefit nonparties. Instead, the District
Court for the District of Massachusetts decided that a uni-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts to craft relief that is complete and benefits only the named plain-
tiffs. See, e.g., Shaw v. Hunt, (1996) (racially gerryman-
dered congressional maps).
13 The new plaintiff might be able to assert nonmutual offensive issue

preclusion. See Parklane Hosiery Co. v. Shore, -- 332
(1979) (setting forth prerequisites for applying the doctrine). But non-
mutual offensive issue preclusion is unavailable against the United
States. United States v. Mendoza, (1984). That uni-
versal injunctions end-run this rule is one of the Government's objections
to them.
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

versal injunction was necessary to provide the States them-
selves with complete relief. See 766 F. Supp. 3d, at 288.14
The States maintain that the District Court made the right
call. See Opposition to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jer-
sey), at 31 -- 39.
As the States see it, their harms -- financial injuries and
the administrative burdens flowing from citizen-dependent
benefits programs -- cannot be remedied without a blanket
ban on the enforcement of the Executive Order. See, e.g.,
id., at 9 -- 11. Children often move across state lines or are
born outside their parents' State of residence. Id., at 31, 35.
Given the cross-border flow, the States say, a "patchwork
injunction" would prove unworkable, because it would re-
quire them to track and verify the immigration status of the
parents of every child, along with the birth State of every
child for whom they provide certain federally funded bene-
fits. Ibid.
The Government -- unsurprisingly -- sees matters differ-
ently. It retorts that even if the injunction is designed to
benefit only the States, it is "more burdensome than neces-
sary to redress" their asserted harms. Califano, 442 U. S.,
at 702. After all, to say that a court can award complete
relief is not to say that it should do so. Complete relief is
not a guarantee -- it is the maximum a court can provide.
And in equity, "the broader and deeper the remedy the
plaintiff wants, the stronger the plaintiff 's story needs to
be." S. Bray & P. Miller, Getting into Equity, 97 Notre
Dame L. Rev. 1763, 1797 (2022). In short, "[t]he essence of
equity jurisdiction has been the power of the Chancellor to
do equity and to mould each decree to the necessities of the
particular case." Hecht Co. v. Bowles, 
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 The District Court for the Western District of Washington acknowl-

edged the state respondents' complete-relief argument but primarily
granted a universal injunction on the basis that the "extreme nature of
the equities... alone warrant[ed] nationwide relief." 765 F. Supp. 3d
1142, 1153 (2025).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

(1944).
Leaning on these principles, the Government contends
that narrower relief is appropriate. For instance, the Dis-
trict Court could forbid the Government to apply the Exec-
utive Order within the respondent States, including to chil-
dren born elsewhere but living in those States. Application
in No. 24A884, at 23. Or, the Government says, the District
Court could direct the Government to "treat covered chil-
dren as eligible for purposes of federally funded welfare
benefits." Ibid. It asks us to stay the injunction insofar as
it sweeps too broadly.
We decline to take up these arguments in the first in-
stance. The lower courts should determine whether a nar-
rower injunction is appropriate; we therefore leave it to
them to consider these and any related arguments.
3
Respondents also defend universal injunctions as a mat-
ter of policy. They argue that a universal injunction is
sometimes the only practical way to quickly protect groups
from unlawful government action. See Opposition to Appli-
cation in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 26 -- 27; see also A. Frost,
In Defense of Nationwide Injunctions, 93 N. Y. U. L. Rev.
1065, 1090 -- 1094 (2018) (suggesting that universal injunc-
tions are appropriate when not all interested individuals
can come quickly to court); post, at 37 -- 39 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). Respondents also contend that universal in-
junctions are an appropriate remedy to preserve equal
treatment among individuals when the Executive Branch
adopts a facially unlawful policy. Opposition to Application
in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 25 -- 27; cf. post, at 22
(SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). And they suggest that forcing
plaintiffs to proceed on an individual basis can result in con-
fusion or piecemeal litigation that imposes unnecessary
costs on courts and others. See Opposition to Application
in No. 24A885 (Washington), at 31 -- 32; Frost, 93 N. Y. U.
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

L. Rev., at 1098 -- 1101; see also post, at 31 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). So, they insist, universal injunctions must be
permitted for the good of the system.
The Government advances policy arguments running the
other way. Echoing Chief Judge Sutton, the Government
asserts that avoiding a patchwork enforcement system is a
justification that "lacks a limiting principle and would
make nationwide injunctions the rule rather than the ex-
ception" for challenges to many kinds of federal law. Ari-
zona, 40 F. 4th, at 397 (concurring opinion). It stresses -- as
the principal dissent also observes -- that universal injunc-
tions incentivize forum shopping, since a successful chal-
lenge in one jurisdiction entails relief nationwide. See Ap-
plication in No. 24A884, at 19 -- 20; see also post, at 22
(opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). In a similar vein, the Govern-
ment observes that universal injunctions operate asymmet-
rically: A plaintiff must win just one suit to secure sweeping
relief. But to fend off such an injunction, the Government
must win everywhere. See Application in No. 24A884,
at 19 -- 20; see also post, at 22 -- 23 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.)
(acknowledging this concern).15 Moreover, the Government
contends, the practice of universal injunctions means that
highly consequential cases are often decided in a "fast
and furious" process of " 'rushed, high-stakes, [and] low-
information' " decisionmaking. Labrador, 601 U. S., at ___
(GORSUCH, J., concurring in grant of stay).
When a district court issues a universal injunction, thereby
halting the enforcement of federal policy, the Government
says that it has little recourse but to proceed to the court of
appeals for an emergency stay. The loser in the court of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
15 The Government contrasts this with class actions. A judgment in a

Rule 23 class action (favorable or not) binds the whole class -- so if the
defendant wins, it is protected from future suits. But because an adverse
ruling on a request for universal relief lacks this preclusive effect, plain-
tiffs can continue to file in different forums until they find a court willing
to award such relief.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

appeals will then seek a stay from this Court. See Applica-
tion in No. 24A884, at 20. This process forces courts to re-
solve significant and difficult questions of law on a highly
expedited basis and without full briefing. See ibid.16
The upshot: As with most disputed issues, there are ar-
guments on both sides. But as with most questions of law,
the policy pros and cons are beside the point. Under our
well-established precedent, the equitable relief available in
the federal courts is that "traditionally accorded by courts
of equity" at the time of our founding. Grupo Mexicano, 527
U. S., at 319. Nothing like a universal injunction was avail-
able at the founding, or for that matter, for more than a
century thereafter. Thus, under the Judiciary Act, federal
courts lack authority to issue them.
C
The principal dissent focuses on conventional legal ter-
rain, like the Judiciary Act of 1789 and our cases on equity.
JUSTICE JACKSON, however, chooses a startling line of at-
tack that is tethered neither to these sources nor, frankly,
to any doctrine whatsoever. Waving away attention to the
limits on judicial power as a "mind-numbingly technical
query," post, at 3 (dissenting opinion), she offers a vision of

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
16 Acknowledging these problems, the principal dissent admits that

"[t]here may be good reasons not to issue universal injunctions in the
typical case." Post, at 23 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). This concession,
while welcome, is inconsistent with the position that the universal in-
junction is a "nothing to see here" extension of the kind of decree obtained
on a bill of peace. Neither the principal dissent nor respondents have
pointed to any evidence that such decrees presented any of the universal
injunction's systemic problems or that they were reserved for situations
in which the defendant's conduct was "patently unconstitutional" and
risked "exceptional" harm. Post, at 22 -- 23. It is precisely because the
universal injunction is a new, potent remedy that it poses new, potent
risks. Our observation in Grupo Mexicano rings true here: "Even when
sitting as a court in equity, we have no authority to craft a 'nuclear
weapon' of the law." 527 U. S., at 332.
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the judicial role that would make even the most ardent de-
fender of judicial supremacy blush. In her telling, the fun-
damental role of courts is to "order everyone (including the
Executive) to follow the law -- full stop." Post, at 2; see also
post, at 10 ("[T]he function of the courts -- both in theory and
in practice -- necessarily includes announcing what the law
requires in... suits for the benefit of all who are protected
by the Constitution, not merely doling out relief to injured
private parties"); see also post, at 11, 15. And, she
warns, if courts lack the power to "require the Executive to
adhere to law universally," post, at 15, courts will leave a
"gash in the basic tenets of our founding charter that could
turn out to be a mortal wound," post, at 12.
Rhetoric aside, JUSTICE JACKSON's position is difficult to
pin down. She might be arguing that universal injunctions
are appropriate -- even required -- whenever the defendant
is part of the Executive Branch. See, e.g., post, at 3, 10 -- 12,
16 -- 18. If so, her position goes far beyond the mainstream
defense of universal injunctions. See, e.g., Frost, 93
N. Y. U. L. Rev., at 1069 ("Nationwide injunctions come
with significant costs and should never be the default rem-
edy in cases challenging federal executive action"). As best
we can tell, though, her argument is more extreme still, be-
cause its logic does not depend on the entry of a universal
injunction: JUSTICE JACKSON appears to believe that the
reasoning behind any court order demands "universal ad-
herence," at least where the Executive is concerned. Post,
at 2 (dissenting opinion). In her law-declaring vision of the
judicial function, a district court's opinion is not just per-
suasive, but has the legal force of a judgment. But see Haa-
land v. Brackeen, (2023) ("It is a federal
court's judgment, not its opinion, that remedies an injury").
Once a single district court deems executive conduct unlaw-
ful, it has stated what the law requires. And the Executive
must conform to that view, ceasing its enforcement of the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

law against anyone, anywhere.17
We will not dwell on JUSTICE JACKSON's argument, which
is at odds with more than two centuries' worth of precedent,
not to mention the Constitution itself. We observe only this:
JUSTICE JACKSON decries an imperial Executive while em-
bracing an imperial Judiciary.
No one disputes that the Executive has a duty to follow
the law. But the Judiciary does not have unbridled author-
ity to enforce this obligation -- in fact, sometimes the law
prohibits the Judiciary from doing so. See, e.g., Marbury v.
Madison, 1 Cranch 137 (1803) (concluding that James Mad-
ison had violated the law but holding that the Court lacked
jurisdiction to issue a writ of mandamus ordering him to
follow it). But see post, at 15 (JACKSON, J., dissenting) ("If
courts do not have the authority to require the Executive to
adhere to law universally,... compliance with law some-
times becomes a matter of Executive prerogative"). Observ-
ing the limits on judicial authority -- including, as relevant
here, the boundaries of the Judiciary Act of 1789 -- is re-
quired by a judge's oath to follow the law.
JUSTICE JACKSON skips over that part. Because analyz-
ing the governing statute involves boring "legalese," post, at
3, she seeks to answer "a far more basic question of enor-
mous practical significance: May a federal court in the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
17 Think about what this position means. If a judge in the District of

Alaska holds that a criminal statute is unconstitutional, can the United
States prosecute a defendant under that statute in the District of Mary-
land? Perhaps JUSTICE JACKSON would instinctively say yes; it is hard to
imagine anyone saying no. But why, on JUSTICE JACKSON's logic, does it
not violate the rule of law for the Executive to initiate a prosecution else-
where? See post, at 2 (dissenting opinion). Among its many problems,
JUSTICE JACKSON's view is at odds with our system of divided judicial au-
thority. See, e.g., this Court's Rule 10(a) (identifying conflict in the deci-
sions of the courts of appeals as grounds for granting certiorari). It is
also in considerable tension with the reality that district court opinions
lack precedential force even vis-à-vis other judges in the same judicial
district. See Camreta v. Greene, (2011).
24 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

United States of America order the Executive to follow the
law?" Ibid. In other words, it is unecessary to consider
whether Congress has constrained the Judiciary; what mat-
ters is how the Judiciary may constrain the Executive.
JUSTICE JACKSON would do well to heed her own admoni-
tion: "[E]veryone, from the President on down, is bound by
law." Ibid. That goes for judges too.
IV
Finally, the Government must show a likelihood that it
will suffer irreparable harm absent a stay. Nken, 556 U. S.,
at 434 -- 435. When a federal court enters a universal injunc-
tion against the Government, it "improper[ly] intru[des]" on
"a coordinate branch of the Government" and prevents the
Government from enforcing its policies against nonparties.
INS v. Legalization Assistance Project of Los Angeles
County Federation of Labor, (1993)
(O'Connor, J., in chambers). That is enough to justify in-
terim relief.
The principal dissent disagrees, insisting that "it strains
credulity to treat the Executive Branch as irreparably
harmed" by these injunctions, even if they are overly broad.
Post, at 17 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.); see also Opposition
to Application in No. 24A884 (CASA), at 16 -- 20. That is so,
the principal dissent argues, because the Executive Order
is unconstitutional. Thus, "the Executive Branch has no
right to enforce [it] against anyone." Post, at 15.
The principal dissent's analysis of the Executive Order is
premature because the birthright citizenship issue is not
before us.18 And because the birthright citizenship issue is
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
18 The dissent worries that the Citizenship Clause challenge will never

reach this Court, because if the plaintiffs continue to prevail, they will
have no reason to petition for certiorari. And if the Government keeps
losing, it will "ha[ve] no incentive to file a petition here... because the
outcome of such an appeal would be preordained." Post, at 42 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). But at oral argument, the Solicitor General acknowl-
edged that challenges to the Executive Order are pending in multiple
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

Opinion of the Court

not before us, we take no position on whether the dissent's
analysis is right. The dissent is wrong to say, however, that
a stay applicant cannot demonstrate irreparable harm from
a threshold error without also showing that, at the end of
the day, it will prevail on the underlying merits. That is
not how the Nken factors work. See 556 U. S., at 434. For
instance, when we are asked to stay an execution on the
grounds of a serious legal question, we ask whether the cap-
ital defendant is likely to prevail on the merits of the issue
before us, not whether he is likely to prevail on the merits
of the underlying suit. See, e.g., Gutierrez v. Saenz, 603
U. S. ___ (2024) (granting application for a stay based on a
question implicating the prisoner's standing to attempt to
access DNA testing). The same is true when an applicant
seeks a stay in other contexts. See, e.g., OPM v. AFGE, 604
U. S. ___ (2025) (granting application for stay because the
organizational plaintiffs' allegations were "insufficient to
support [their] standing"). So too here.
The question before us is whether the Government is
likely to suffer irreparable harm from the District Courts'
entry of injunctions that likely exceed the authority con-
ferred by the Judiciary Act. The answer to that question is
yes. See Coleman v. Paccar Inc., -- 1308
(1976) (Rehnquist, C. J., in chambers); Trump v. Interna-
tional Refugee Assistance Project, -- 579
(2017) (per curiam); see also Maryland v. King, (2012) (ROBERTS, C. J., in chambers) (" '[A]ny
time a State is enjoined by a court from effectuating stat-
utes enacted by representatives of its people, it suffers a
form of irreparable injury' " ). And
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
circuits, Tr. of Oral Arg. 50, and when asked directly "When you lose one
of those, do you intend to seek cert?", the Solicitor General responded,
"yes, absolutely." Ibid. And while the dissent speculates that the Gov-
ernment would disregard an unfavorable opinion from this Court, the
Solicitor General represented that the Government will respect both the
judgments and the opinions of this Court. See id., at 62 -- 63.
26 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the balance of equities does not counsel against awarding
the Government interim relief: Partial stays will cause no
harm to respondents because they will remain protected by
the preliminary injunctions to the extent necessary and ap-
propriate to afford them complete relief.
* * *
Some say that the universal injunction "give[s] the Judi-
ciary a powerful tool to check the Executive Branch."
Trump, 585 U. S., at 720 (THOMAS, J., concurring) ;
S. Malveaux, Class Actions, Civil Rights, and the National
Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. Forum, 56, 57, 60 -- 62 (2017)).
But federal courts do not exercise general oversight of the
Executive Branch; they resolve cases and controversies con-
sistent with the authority Congress has given them. When
a court concludes that the Executive Branch has acted un-
lawfully, the answer is not for the court to exceed its power,
too.
The Government's applications to partially stay the pre-
liminary injunctions are granted, but only to the extent that
the injunctions are broader than necessary to provide com-
plete relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue. The lower
courts shall move expeditiously to ensure that, with respect
to each plaintiff, the injunctions comport with this rule and
otherwise comply with principles of equity. The injunctions
are also stayed to the extent that they prohibit executive
agencies from developing and issuing public guidance about
the Executive's plans to implement the Executive Order.
Consistent with the Solicitor General's representation, 
of the Executive Order shall not take effect until 30 days
after the date of this opinion. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 55.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring.
The Court today holds that federal courts may not issue
so-called universal injunctions. I agree and join in full. As
the Court explains, the Judiciary Act of 1789 -- the statute
that " 'authorizes the federal courts to issue equitable rem-
edies' " -- does not permit universal injunctions. Ante, at 5.
It authorizes only those remedies traditionally available in
equity, and there is no historical tradition allowing courts
to provide "relief that extend[s] beyond the parties." Ante,
at 5 -- 11. That conclusion is dispositive: As I have previously
explained, "[i]f district courts have any authority to issue
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

THOMAS, J., concurring

universal injunctions," it must come from some specific
statutory or constitutional grant. Trump v. Hawaii, -- 714 (2018) (concurring opinion). But, the
Judiciary Act is the only real possibility, and serious consti-
tutional questions would arise even if Congress purported
to one day allow universal injunctions. See id., at 714, ;
see also United States v. Texas, -- 694
(2023) (GORSUCH, J., concurring in judgment).
I write separately to emphasize the majority's guidance
regarding how courts should tailor remedies specific to the
parties. Courts must not distort "the rule that injunctive
relief should be no more burdensome to the defendant than
necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs." Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979). Otherwise,
they risk replicating the problems of universal injunctions
under the guise of granting complete relief.
As the Court recognizes, the complete-relief principle op-
erates as a ceiling: In no circumstance can a court award
relief beyond that necessary to redress the plaintiffs' inju-
ries. See ante, at 18 ("Complete relief is not a guarantee -- 
it is the maximum a court can provide"). This limitation
follows from both Article III and traditional equitable prac-
tice. Because Article III limits courts to resolving specific
"Cases" and "Controversies," see U. S. Const., Art. III, it
requires that any remedy "be tailored to redress the plain-
tiff 's particular injury." Gill v. Whitford, 
(2018). And, equitable remedies historically operated on a
plaintiff-specific basis. Ante, at 6 -- 9. Accordingly, any
"remedy must of course be limited to the inadequacy that
produced the injury in fact that the plaintiff has estab-
lished." Lewis v. Casey, (1996).
Courts therefore err insofar as they treat complete relief
as a mandate. Some judges have read our precedents to
suggest that courts should provide plaintiffs whatever rem-
edy is necessary to give them complete relief. See, e.g.,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

Mock v. Garland, 75 F. 4th 563, 587 (CA5 2023) ("[I]njunc-
tions should be crafted to 'provide complete relief to the
plaintiffs' "); Z. Siddique, Nationwide Injunctions, 117
Colum. L. Rev. 2095, 2106 (2017) ("[C]ourts... tailor their
injunctions to provide complete relief to the parties -- no less
and no more"). But, that reading misunderstands the com-
plete-relief principle.
This principle reflects the equitable "rule that courts gen-
erally 'may administer complete relief between the par-
ties.' " Ante, at 16 (emphasis deleted). It is an important
"aim of the law of remedies... to put the plaintiff in her
rightful position." S. Bray, Multiple Chancellors: Reform-
ing the National Injunction, 131 Harv. L. Rev. 417, 466
(2017) (Bray). But, "to say that a court can award complete
relief is not to say that it should do so." Ante, at 18. And,
in some circumstances, a court cannot award complete re-
lief.
As the Court today affirms, any relief must fall within
traditional limits on a court's equitable powers. See ante,
at 5 -- 6 ; Payne v.
Hook, 7 Wall. 425, 430 (1869)). Courts must ask whether
the relief plaintiffs seek "was traditionally accorded by
courts of equity." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 319. And,
they must ensure that any injunctions comport with both
the complete-relief principle and other "principles of eq-
uity." Ante, at 26. For example, courts may need to weigh
considerations such as equity's concern "with justice...
also for the defendant." Bray 468; see H. McClintock,
Handbook of the Principles of Equity 78 (2d ed. 1948). In
some cases, traditional equitable limits will require courts
and plaintiffs to make do with less than complete relief.
This Court's decision in Frothingham v. Mellon, decided
with Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923), exem-
plifies this constraint. Appellant Frothingham sought to
"enjoin the execution of a federal appropriation act" on the
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

THOMAS, J., concurring

grounds that the Act exceeded the Government's authority
and that its execution would improperly increase her tax
burden. Id., at 479, 486. On a maximalist view of the com-
plete-relief principle, Frothingham would have been enti-
tled to a national injunction had her claim been meritori-
ous. After all, "a prohibition on using her tax money for the
[statute] would have been wholly ineffectual" in remedying
the injury caused by unlawful federal spending, given "the
fungibility of money": The Government would still have
been free to execute the statute, so long as it labeled the
underlying funds as coming from other taxpayers. Bray
431. A court thus would have needed to enjoin all spending
under the statute to provide effective relief. But, this Court
rejected Frothingham's request for such an injunction as
beyond "the preventive powers of a court of equity." 262
U. S., at 487. Among other reasons, it emphasized that an
individual taxpayer's "interest in the moneys of the Treas-
ury" was "comparatively minute and indeterminable," and
that the petitioner had not suffered any "direct injury" but
rather was "suffer[ing] in some indefinite way in common
with people generally." Id., at 487 -- 488.*
To be sure, "[w]hat counts as complete relief " can be a
difficult question. Bray 467. Many plaintiffs argue that
only sweeping relief can redress their injuries. And, I do
not dispute that there will be cases requiring an "indivisible
remedy" that incidentally benefits third parties, Tr. of Oral
Arg., 14 -- 15, such as "[i]njunctions barring public nui-
sances," Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 717 (THOMAS, J., concurring).
But, such cases are by far the exception.
An indivisible remedy is appropriate only when it would
be "all but impossible" to devise relief that reaches only the
plaintiffs. Ante, at 16 -- 17,. Such impossibility is a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Although courts now treat Frothingham primarily as a case about
taxpayer standing, its analysis in fact "intertwine[d] concepts of equity,
remedies, and the judicial power." Bray 430 -- 433; see ante, at 8.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring

high bar. For example, the Court today readily dispatches
with the individual and associational respondents' position
that they require a universal injunction, notwithstanding
their argument that a "plaintiff-specific injunction" would
be difficult to administer and would subject the associa-
tions' members to the burden of having "to identify and dis-
close to the government" their membership. Tr. of Oral Arg.
141 -- 142. As the Court recognizes, "prohibiting enforce-
ment of the Executive Order against the child of an individ-
ual pregnant plaintiff " is all that is required to "give that
plaintiff complete relief." Ante, at 17. Courts may not use
the complete-relief principle to revive the universal injunc-
tion.
* * *
For good reason, the Court today puts an end to the "in-
creasingly common" practice of federal courts issuing uni-
versal injunctions. Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 713 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring). The Court also makes clear that the complete-
relief principle provides a ceiling on federal courts' author-
ity, which must be applied alongside other "principles of eq-
uity" and our holding that universal injunctions are imper-
missible. Ante, at 26. Lower courts should carefully heed
this Court's guidance and cabin their grants of injunctive
relief in light of historical equitable limits. If they cannot
do so, this Court will continue to be "dutybound" to inter-
vene. Hawaii, 585 U. S., at 721 (THOMAS, J., concurring).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

ALITO, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins, con-
curring.
I join the opinion of the Court but write separately to note
two related issues that are left unresolved and potentially
threaten the practical significance of today's decision: the
availability of third-party standing and class certification.
First, the Court does not address the weighty issue
whether the state plaintiffs have third-party standing to as-
sert the Citizenship Clause claims of their individual resi-
dents. See ante, at 2, ; see also ante, at 26 ("The Gov-
ernment's applications to partially stay the preliminary
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

ALITO, J., concurring

injunctions are granted, but only to the extent that the in-
junctions are broader than necessary to provide complete
relief to each plaintiff with standing to sue" ). Ordinarily, "a litigant must assert his or her own
legal rights and interests, and cannot rest a claim to relief
on the legal rights or interests of third parties." Powers v.
Ohio, (1991). In limited circumstances,
however, the Court has permitted a party to assert the
rights of a third party. Admittedly, the Court has not
pinned down the precise circumstances in which third-
party standing is permissible. See Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v.
Static Control Components, Inc., (2014). And commentators have emphasized the need for
"greater doctrinal coherence." C. Bradley & E. Young, Un-
packing Third-Party Standing, 131 Yale L. J. 1, 7 (2021)
(Bradley & Young).
But at a minimum, we have said that a litigant seeking
to assert the legal rights or interests of others must demon-
strate ordinary Article III standing for itself and answer
the additional "threshold question whether [it has] stand-
ing to raise the rights of others." Kowalski v. Tesmer, (2004). But see FDA v. Alliance for Hippo-
cratic Medicine, (2024) (THOMAS, J., con-
curring). This latter requirement, as we have explained,
entails a showing that the litigant has a "close relationship"
to the right holder and that there is some " 'hindrance' " to
the right holder's ability to "protect his own interests."
Kowalski, 543 U. S., at 130. So long as third-party standing doctrine remains good
law, federal courts should take care to apply these limita-
tions conscientiously, including against state plaintiffs.
That is especially so in cases such as these, in which the
parties claiming third-party standing (i.e., the States) are
not directly subject to the challenged policy in the relevant
respect and face, at most, collateral injuries. See Bradley
& Young 56 -- 60.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

ALITO, J., concurring

Today's decision only underscores the need for rigorous
and evenhanded enforcement of third-party-standing limi-
tations. The Court holds today that injunctive relief should
generally extend only to the suing plaintiff. See ante, at 16 -- 
17. That will have the salutary effect of bringing an end to
the practice of runaway "universal" injunctions, but it
leaves other questions unanswered. Perhaps most im-
portant, when a State brings a suit to vindicate the rights
of individual residents and then procures injunctive relief,
does the injunction bind the defendant with respect to all
residents of that State? If so, States will have every incen-
tive to bring third-party suits on behalf of their residents to
obtain a broader scope of equitable relief than any individ-
ual resident could procure in his own suit. Left unchecked,
the practice of reflexive state third-party standing will un-
dermine today's decision as a practical matter.
Second, today's decision will have very little value if dis-
trict courts award relief to broadly defined classes without
following "Rule 23's procedural protections" for class certi-
fication. Ante, at 14. The class action is a powerful tool,
and we have accordingly held that class "certification is
proper only if the trial court is satisfied, after a rigorous
analysis, that the prerequisites of Rule 23(a) have been sat-
isfied." Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. Dukes, -- 
351 (2011). These re-
quirements are more than "a mere pleading standard," id.,
at 350, and a hasty application of Rule 23 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure can have drastic consequences, cre-
ating "potential unfairness" for absent class members and
confusion (and pressure to settle) for defendants. General
Telephone Co. of Southwest v. Falcon, 
(1982). Recognizing these effects, Congress took the excep-
tional step of authorizing interlocutory review of class cer-
tification. See Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(f ).
Putting the kibosh on universal injunctions does nothing
to disrupt Rule 23's requirements. Of course, Rule 23 may
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

ALITO, J., concurring

permit the certification of nationwide classes in some dis-
crete scenarios. But district courts should not view today's
decision as an invitation to certify nationwide classes with-
out scrupulous adherence to the rigors of Rule 23. Other-
wise, the universal injunction will return from the grave
under the guise of "nationwide class relief," and today's de-
cision will be of little more than minor academic interest.
* * *
Lax enforcement of the requirements for third-party
standing and class certification would create a potentially
significant loophole to today's decision. Federal courts
should thus be vigilant against such potential abuses of
these tools. I do not understand the Court's decision to re-
flect any disagreement with these concerns, so I join its de-
cision in full.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring.
The plaintiffs here sought preliminary injunctions
against enforcement of the President's Executive Order on
birthright citizenship. The District Courts granted
universal preliminary injunctions -- that is, injunctions
prohibiting enforcement of the Executive Order against
anyone. Under the Court's holding today, district courts
issuing injunctions under the authority afforded by the
Judiciary Act of 1789 may award only plaintiff-specific
relief. I join the Court's careful and persuasive opinion,
which will bring needed clarity to the law of remedies.
To be sure, in the wake of the Court's decision, plaintiffs
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

who challenge the legality of a new federal statute or
executive action and request preliminary injunctive relief
may sometimes seek to proceed by class action under
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(b)(2) and ask a court to
award preliminary classwide relief that may, for example,
be statewide, regionwide, or even nationwide. See ante, at
13 -- 14; A. A. R. P. v. Trump, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(per curiam) ; Califano v. Yamasaki, -- 703 (1979). And in cases under the
Administrative Procedure Act, plaintiffs may ask a court to
preliminarily "set aside" a new agency rule. 5 U. S. C.
; see, e.g., West Virginia v. EPA, 
(2016); see also Corner Post, Inc. v. Board of Governors, -- 843 (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring).1
But importantly, today's decision will require district
courts to follow proper legal procedures when awarding
such relief. Most significantly, district courts can no longer
award preliminary nationwide or classwide relief except
when such relief is legally authorized. And that salutary
development will help bring substantially more order and
discipline to the ubiquitous preliminary litigation over new
federal statutes and executive actions.
I write separately simply to underscore that this case
focuses on only one discrete aspect of the preliminary
litigation relating to major new federal statutes and
executive actions -- namely, what district courts may do
with respect to those new statutes and executive actions in
what might be called "the interim before the interim."
Although district courts have received much of the
attention (and criticism) in debates over the universal-
injunction issue, those courts generally do not have the last
word when they grant or deny preliminary injunctions. The

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In addition, as the Court notes, an injunction granting complete relief

to plaintiffs may also, as a practical matter, benefit nonparties. Ante, at
15 -- 19.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

courts of appeals and this Court can (and regularly do)
expeditiously review district court decisions awarding or
denying preliminary injunctive relief. The losing party in
the district court -- the defendant against whom an
injunction is granted, or the plaintiff who is denied an
injunction -- will often go to the court of appeals to seek a
temporary stay or injunction. And then the losing party in
the court of appeals may promptly come to this Court with
an application for a stay or injunction. This Court has
therefore often acted as the ultimate decider of the interim
legal status of major new federal statutes and executive
actions. See, e.g., Ohio v. EPA, (2024); Danco
Laboratories, LLC v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 598
U. S. ___ (2023); National Federation of Independent
Business v. OSHA, (2022) (per curiam);
Alabama Assn. of Realtors v. Department of Health and
Human Servs., (2021) (per curiam); see also
Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024)
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 
3).
After today's decision, that order of operations will not
change. In justiciable cases, this Court, not the district
courts or courts of appeals, will often still be the ultimate
decisionmaker as to the interim legal status of major new
federal statutes and executive actions -- that is, the interim
legal status for the several-year period before a final
decision on the merits.
I
The Court's decision today focuses on the "interim before
the interim" -- the preliminary relief that district courts can
award (and courts of appeals can approve) for the generally
weeks-long interim before this Court can assess and settle
the matter for the often years-long interim before a final
decision on the merits. To appreciate the broader context
surrounding today's decision, it is important to understand
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

this Court's role in preliminary litigation of this sort.
The basic scenario in these kinds of applications to this
Court is by now familiar. Congress passes a major new
statute, or the Executive Branch issues a major new rule or
executive order. The litigation over the legality of the new
statute or executive action winds its way through the
federal courts. And that litigation may meander on for
many months or often years before this Court can issue a
final ruling deciding the legality of the new statute or
executive action.
In the meantime, various plaintiffs may seek preliminary
injunctions, sometimes in many different district courts.
And a government defendant against whom a preliminary
injunction is granted (or a plaintiff who is denied a
preliminary injunction) may seek a temporary stay or
injunction in the court of appeals and then in this Court.
That preliminary-injunction litigation -- which typically
takes place at a rapid-fire pace long before the merits
litigation culminates several years down the road -- raises a
question: What should the interim legal status of the
significant new federal statute or executive action at issue
be during the several-year period before this Court's final
ruling on the merits?
That interim-status question is itself immensely
important. The issue of whether a major new federal
statute or executive action "is enforceable during the
several years while the parties wait for a final merits ruling... raises a separate question of extraordinary significance
to the parties and the American people." Labrador v. Poe,
601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring
in grant of stay) ( -- 3).
The interim-status issue in turn raises two other critical
questions: Should there be a nationally uniform answer on
the question of whether a major new federal statute or
executive action can be legally enforced in the often years-
long interim period until this Court reaches a final decision
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

on the merits? If so, who decides what the nationally
uniform interim answer is?
First, in my view, there often (perhaps not always, but
often) should be a nationally uniform answer on whether a
major new federal statute, rule, or executive order can be
enforced throughout the United States during the several-
year interim period until its legality is finally decided on
the merits.
Consider just a few of the major executive actions that
have been the subject of intense preliminary-injunction or
other pre-enforcement litigation in the past 10 years or so,
under Presidents of both political parties. They range from
travel bans to birthright citizenship, from the Clean Power
Plan to student loan forgiveness, from the OSHA vaccine
mandate to the service of transgender individuals in the
military, from Title IX regulations to abortion drugs. And
the list goes on. Those executive actions often are highly
significant and have widespread effects on many
individuals, businesses, governments, and other
organizations throughout the United States.
Often, it is not especially workable or sustainable or
desirable to have a patchwork scheme, potentially for
several years, in which a major new federal statute or
executive action of that kind applies to some people or
organizations in certain States or regions, but not to others.
The national reach of many businesses and government
programs, as well as the regular movement of the American
people into and out of different States and regions, would
make it difficult to sensibly maintain such a scattershot
system of federal law.
Second, if one agrees that the years-long interim status
of a highly significant new federal statute or executive
action should often be uniform throughout the United
States, who decides what the interim status is?
The answer typically will be this Court, as has been the
case both traditionally and recently. This Court's actions
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

in resolving applications for interim relief help provide
clarity and uniformity as to the interim legal status of
major new federal statutes, rules, and executive orders. In
particular, the Court's disposition of applications for
interim relief often will effectively settle, de jure or de facto,
the interim legal status of those statutes or executive
actions nationwide.
The decision today will not alter this Court's traditional
role in those matters. Going forward, in the wake of a major
new federal statute or executive action, different district
courts may enter a slew of preliminary rulings on the
legality of that statute or executive action. Or
alternatively, perhaps a district court (or courts) will grant
or deny the functional equivalent of a universal
injunction -- for example, by granting or denying a
preliminary injunction to a putative nationwide class under
Rule 23(b)(2), or by preliminarily setting aside or declining
to set aside an agency rule under the APA.
No matter how the preliminary-injunction litigation on
those kinds of significant matters transpires in the district
courts, the courts of appeals in turn will undoubtedly be
called upon to promptly grant or deny temporary stays or
temporary injunctions in many cases.
And regardless of whether the district courts have issued
a series of individual preliminary rulings, or instead have
issued one or more broader classwide or set-aside
preliminary rulings, the losing parties in the courts of
appeals will regularly come to this Court in matters
involving major new federal statutes and executive
actions.2
If there is no classwide or set-aside relief in those kinds
of nationally significant matters, then one would expect a
flood of decisions from lower courts, after which the losing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 By statute, some litigation may start in a court of appeals or three-

judge district court and then come directly to this Court.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

parties on both sides will probably inundate this Court with
applications for stays or injunctions.3 And in cases where
classwide or set-aside relief has been awarded, the losing
side in the lower courts will likewise regularly come to this
Court if the matter is sufficiently important.
When a stay or injunction application arrives here, this
Court should not and cannot hide in the tall grass. When
we receive such an application, we must grant or deny.4
And when we do -- that is, when this Court makes a decision
on the interim legal status of a major new federal statute or
executive action -- that decision will often constitute a form
of precedent (de jure or de facto) that provides guidance
throughout the United States during the years-long interim
period until a final decision on the merits.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 That scenario explains why it would not make much sense for this

Court to apply different standards to (i) an application for an injunction
and (ii) an application for a stay of an injunction. See, e.g., Tandon v.
Newsom, (2021) (per curiam) (applying the usual stay
standard to an application for an injunction).
Suppose a district court in Circuit A enjoins a new executive action.
And the court of appeals in Circuit A then declines to stay the injunction.
Meanwhile, a district court in Circuit B does not enjoin that new
executive action, and the court of appeals in Circuit B also declines to
enjoin it. Both cases come to this Court on applications for interim
relief -- one seeking a stay of injunction and one seeking an injunction. It
would not be particularly rational to deny a stay and leave the injunction
in place in Circuit A, and then to turn around and deny an injunction in
Circuit B on account of a purportedly higher standard for this Court to
grant injunctions rather than stays. The standards should mesh so that
this Court can ensure uniformity without regard to the happenstance of
how various courts of appeals and district courts ruled.
4 To obtain an interim stay or injunction, "an applicant must show (1) a

reasonable probability that four Justices will consider the issue
sufficiently meritorious to grant certiorari; (2) a fair prospect that a
majority of the Court will vote to reverse the judgment below; and (3) a
likelihood that irreparable harm will result from the denial" of the
application. Hollingsworth v. Perry, (2010) (per
curiam); see Tandon, 593 U. S., at 64. The Court may also consider
(4) the "balance" of "the equities" and "relative harms" to the parties.
Hollingsworth, 558 U. S., at 190.
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

II
It is sometimes suggested, however, that this Court
should adopt a policy of presumptively denying applications
for stays or injunctions -- even applications involving
significant new federal statutes or executive actions -- 
regardless of which way the various lower courts have
ruled. That suggestion is flawed, in my view, because it
would often leave an unworkable or intolerable patchwork
of federal law in place. And even in cases where there is no
patchwork -- for example, because an application comes to
us with a single nationwide class-action injunction -- what
if this Court thinks the lower court's decision is wrong? On
student loan forgiveness or the Clean Power Plan or
mifepristone or the travel bans, for example? Should we
have a rule of presumptively denying relief, thereby
allowing erroneous injunctions (or erroneous denials of
injunctions) of major new statutes and executive actions to
remain in place for several years, and thus severely
harming the Government and would-be beneficiaries of (or
regulated parties under) those new statutes and executive
actions? I think not. And this Court's actions over the years
reflect that the Court thinks not.
Unless and until this Court grants or denies an
application for stay or injunction, tremendous uncertainty
may surround the interim legal status of the new federal
statute or executive action throughout the country. The
statute or executive action may be in effect in some places
but not others, for some businesses but not others, for some
Americans but not others. That temporary geographic,
organizational, and individual variation in federal law
might not warrant this Court's intervention in run-of-the-
mill cases -- which is why it makes sense that this Court
denies applications for interim relief when the Court is
unlikely to later grant certiorari. See Does 1 -- 3 v. Mills, 595
U. S. ___, ___ (2021) (BARRETT, J., concurring in denial of
application for injunctive relief ). But in cases involving
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

major new federal statutes or executive actions, uniformity
is often essential or at least sensible and prudent. In those
kinds of cases, disuniformity -- even if only for a few years
or less -- can be chaotic. And such chaos is not good for the
law or the country.
One of this Court's roles, in justiciable cases, is to resolve
major legal questions of national importance and ensure
uniformity of federal law. So a default policy of off-loading
to lower courts the final word on whether to green-light or
block major new federal statutes and executive actions for
the several-year interim until a final ruling on the merits
would seem to amount to an abdication of this Court's
proper role.
Some might object that this Court is not well equipped to
make those significant decisions -- namely, decisions about
the interim status of a major new federal statute or
executive action -- on an expedited basis. But district courts
and courts of appeals are likewise not perfectly equipped to
make expedited preliminary judgments on important
matters of this kind. Yet they have to do so, and so do we.
By law, federal courts are open and can receive and review
applications for relief 24/7/365. See 28 U. S. C. ("All
courts of the United States shall be deemed always open for
the purpose of filing proper papers... and making motions
and orders"). And this Court has procedural tools that can
help us make the best possible interim decision in the
limited time available -- administrative stays, additional
briefing, amicus briefs, oral argument, certiorari before
judgment, and the like. On top of that, this Court has nine
Justices, each of whom can (and does) consult and
deliberate with the other eight to help the Court determine
the best answer, unlike a smaller three-judge court of
appeals panel or one-judge district court. And this Court
also will have the benefit of the prior decisions in the case
at hand from the court of appeals and the district court.
Some might argue that preliminary disputes over the
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

legality of major new statutes and executive actions can
draw this Court into difficult or controversial matters
earlier than we might like, as distinct from what happens
on our slower-moving merits docket. That is an
understandable concern. But when it comes to the interim
status of major new federal statutes and executive actions,
it is often important for reasons of clarity, stability, and
uniformity that this Court be the decider. And Members of
the Court have life tenure so that we can make tough calls
without fear or favor. As with the merits docket, the Court's
role in resolving applications for interim relief is to
neutrally referee each matter based on the relevant legal
standard. Avoiding controversial or difficult decisions on
those applications is neither feasible nor appropriate.
Some might also worry that an early or rushed decision
on an application could "lock in" the Court's assessment of
the merits and subtly deter the Court from later making a
different final decision. But in deciding applications for
interim relief involving major new statutes or executive
actions, we often have no choice but to make a preliminary
assessment of likelihood of success on the merits; after all,
in cases of that sort, the other relevant factors (irreparable
harm and the equities) are often very weighty on both sides.
See Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2024)
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in grant of stay) ( -- 
4). Moreover, judges strive to make the correct decision
based on current information notwithstanding any previous
assessment of the merits earlier in the litigation. It is not
uncommon to think and decide differently when one knows
more. This Court has done so in the past, see West Virginia
Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943), and
undoubtedly will continue to do so in the future.
To reiterate, this Court should not insert itself into run-
of-the-mill preliminary-injunction cases where we are not
likely to grant certiorari down the road. But determining
the nationally uniform interim legal status for several years
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

of, say, the Clean Power Plan or Title IX regulations or
mifepristone rules is a role that the American people
appropriately expect this Court -- and not only the courts of
appeals or district courts -- to fulfill.
* * *
The volume of preliminary-injunction and other pre-
enforcement litigation over new federal laws and executive
actions coming to this Court has been growing in recent
years. That trend is in part the result of the increasing
number of major new executive actions by recent
Presidential administrations (of both political parties) that
have had difficulty passing significant new legislation
through Congress. Meanwhile, applications for stays or
injunctions in capital-punishment cases, election disputes,
and other time-sensitive matters (including numerous
COVID -- 19-related disputes in the few years beginning in
2020) have also continued to come to this Court on a steady
basis, as they traditionally have.
Although the volume of applications has increased, the
Court's responsibility for deciding consequential
applications for stays or injunctions is not new. See, e.g.,
West Virginia v. EPA, (2016) (temporarily
enjoining Clean Power Plan); Purcell v. Gonzalez, (2006) (per curiam) (vacating injunction pending appeal
regarding state voter ID law); Rubin v. United States, (1998) (Rehnquist, C. J., in chambers) (denying
stay pending certiorari of order enforcing subpoenas to
Secret Service agents regarding their observations of the
President); Schlesinger v. Holtzman, (1973)
(Marshall, J., in chambers) (staying District Court's
injunction that had ordered a halt to bombing in
Cambodia); Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, 589 (1952) (after expedited oral argument,
affirming District Court's preliminary injunction that
proscribed seizure of steel mills by government); cf.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

Rosenberg v. United States, -- 285 (1953)
(vacating stay of execution of the Rosenbergs).
Today's decision on district court injunctions will not
affect this Court's vitally important responsibility to resolve
applications for stays or injunctions with respect to major
new federal statutes and executive actions. Deciding those
applications is not a distraction from our job. It is a critical
part of our job. With that understanding, I join the Court's
opinion in full.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
Children born in the United States and subject to its laws
are United States citizens. That has been the legal rule
since the founding, and it was the English rule well before
then. This Court once attempted to repudiate it, holding in
Dred Scott v. Sandford, 19 How. 393 (1857), that the chil-
dren of enslaved black Americans were not citizens. To
remedy that grievous error, the States passed in 1866 and
Congress ratified in 1868 the Fourteenth Amendment's Cit-
izenship Clause, which enshrined birthright citizenship in
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the Constitution. There it has remained, accepted and re-
spected by Congress, by the Executive, and by this Court.
Until today.
It is now the President who attempts, in an Executive Or-
der (Order or Citizenship Order), to repudiate birthright
citizenship. Every court to evaluate the Order has deemed
it patently unconstitutional and, for that reason, has en-
joined the Federal Government from enforcing it. Unde-
terred, the Government now asks this Court to grant emer-
gency relief, insisting it will suffer irreparable harm unless
it can deprive at least some children born in the United
States of citizenship. See Protecting the Meaning and
Value of American Citizenship, Exec. Order No. 14160, 90
Fed. Reg. 8849 (2025).
The Government does not ask for complete stays of the
injunctions, as it ordinarily does before this Court. Why?
The answer is obvious: To get such relief, the Government
would have to show that the Order is likely constitutional,
an impossible task in light of the Constitution's text, his-
tory, this Court's precedents, federal law, and Executive
Branch practice. So the Government instead tries its hand
at a different game. It asks this Court to hold that, no mat-
ter how illegal a law or policy, courts can never simply tell
the Executive to stop enforcing it against anyone. Instead,
the Government says, it should be able to apply the Citizen-
ship Order (whose legality it does not defend) to everyone
except the plaintiffs who filed this lawsuit.
The gamesmanship in this request is apparent and the
Government makes no attempt to hide it. Yet, shamefully,
this Court plays along. A majority of this Court decides that
these applications, of all cases, provide the appropriate oc-
casion to resolve the question of universal injunctions and
end the centuries-old practice once and for all. In its rush
to do so the Court disregards basic principles of equity as
well as the long history of injunctive relief granted to non-
parties.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

No right is safe in the new legal regime the Court creates.
Today, the threat is to birthright citizenship. Tomorrow, a
different administration may try to seize firearms from law-
abiding citizens or prevent people of certain faiths from
gathering to worship. The majority holds that, absent cum-
bersome class-action litigation, courts cannot completely
enjoin even such plainly unlawful policies unless doing so
is necessary to afford the formal parties complete relief.
That holding renders constitutional guarantees meaningful
in name only for any individuals who are not parties to a
lawsuit. Because I will not be complicit in so grave an at-
tack on our system of law, I dissent.
I
The majority ignores entirely whether the President's Ex-
ecutive Order is constitutional, instead focusing only on the
question whether federal courts have the equitable author-
ity to issue universal injunctions. Yet the Order's patent
unlawfulness reveals the gravity of the majority's error and
underscores why equity supports universal injunctions as
appropriate remedies in this kind of case. As every conceiv-
able source of law confirms, birthright citizenship is the law
of the land.
A
The Citizenship Clause provides that "[a]ll persons born
or naturalized in the United States and subject to the juris-
diction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the
State wherein they reside." U. S. Const., Amdt. 14,.
That means what it says. Nestled in the Fourteenth
Amendment alongside the Equal Protection Clause, the
Citizenship Clause does not discriminate on the basis of
race, sex, ethnicity, religion, or, importantly here, parent-
age. It refers instead to "[a]ll persons born or naturalized
in the United States." Ibid.
Besides birth, there is only one condition: that one be
4 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

"subject to the jurisdiction" of the United States. Yet that
condition too leaves no room for ambiguity. To be "subject
to the jurisdiction" of the United States means simply to be
bound to its authority and its laws. See N. Webster, An
American Dictionary of the English Language 732 (C.
Goodrich & N. Porter eds. 1865) (defining jurisdiction as the
"[p]ower of governing or legislating," or "the power or right
of exercising authority"). As the Government would pre-
sumably concede, virtually everyone born in the United
States and present in its territory is subject to its authority
and its laws. After all, "[t]he jurisdiction of the nation
within its own territory is necessarily exclusive and abso-
lute." Schooner Exchange v. McFaddon, 7 Cranch 116, 136
(1812) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). Once a citizen of an-
other nation steps onto United States soil, she is (with nar-
row exception) "amenable to the jurisdiction" of the United
States. Id., at 144. That is why "no plausible distinction
with respect to Fourteenth Amendment 'jurisdiction' can be
drawn between resident aliens whose entry into the United
States was lawful, and resident aliens whose entry was un-
lawful." Plyler v. Doe, (1982).
Few constitutional questions can be answered by resort
to the text of the Constitution alone, but this is one. The
Fourteenth Amendment guarantees birthright citizenship.
B
Unsurprisingly given the clarity of the Citizenship
Clause's text, every other source of interpretation confirms
this conclusion. Consider, first, its history. Long before the
Fourteenth Amendment, and indeed before the founding,
the common-law rule of jus soli (literally, right of the soil)
governed English citizenship. That rule rendered a per-
son's birthplace determinative of her citizenship status.
Thus, "the children of aliens, born... in England," gener-
ally were "natural-born subjects, and entitled to all the
privileges of such." 1 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Laws of England 361 -- 362 (1765); see also H. Broom & G.
Denman, Constitutional Law Viewed in Relation to Com-
mon Law 31 (2d ed. 1885) (describing Calvin's Case (1608),
which established that "[e]very one born within the domin-
ions of the King of England... is... entitled to enjoy all
the rights and liberties of an Englishman").
That English common-law rule carried over to the United
States after the founding. Shortly after the Constitution's
ratification, James Madison observed that "it [was] an es-
tablished maxim that birth is a criterion of allegiance," i.e.,
of citizenship. 1 Annals of Cong. 404 (1789). Birth, he ex-
plained, could convey citizenship in two ways: either
through "place" (under the "right of the soil" principle) or
through "parentage" (as for one born to United States citi-
zens). Ibid. "[B]ut, in general," Madison explained, "place
is the most certain criterion" and "it is what applies in the
United States." Ibid. Mere decades later, Justice Story
wrote that "[n]othing is better settled... than the doctrine
that the children even of aliens born in a country... are
subjects by birth." Inglis v. Trustees of Sailor's Snug Har-
bour in City of New York, 3 Pet. 99, 164 (1830). Well before
the Fourteenth Amendment, then, it was the undisputed
"law of the United States [that] every person born within
the dominions and allegiance of the United States, what-
ever were the situation of his parents, is a natural born cit-
izen." Lynch v. Clarke, 1 Sand. Ch. 583, 663 (N. Y. Ch.
1844).
Though the law was clear, the Nation did not always live
up to its promise. Infamously, this Court departed from the
birthright citizenship principle in Dred Scott, 19 How. 393,
holding that the children of enslaved black Americans "are
not included, and were not intended to be included, under
the word 'citizens' in the Constitution." Id., at 404. Follow-
ing the Civil War, the Reconstruction Congress corrected
that grave error. Section 1 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866,
14 Stat. 27, declared that "all persons born in the United
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

States and not subject to any foreign power" would be "citi-
zens of the United States." The Fourteenth Amendment's
guarantee of birthright citizenship followed two years later.
The lawmakers who ratified the Fourteenth Amendment
understood that it would extend citizenship to all children
born here, regardless of parental citizenship. Indeed, some
objected to its passage on those grounds, complaining that
it would permanently extend citizenship to immigrants who
"invade [state] borders" and "settle as trespassers." Cong.
Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess., 2891 (1866). Proponents
agreed, if not with the anti-immigrant sentiment, that the
Clause would extend citizenship to the children of immi-
grants. For example, Senator Conness of California (one of
the Amendment's lead supporters) confirmed on the floor
"that the children born here of Mongolian parents shall be
declared by the Constitution of the United States to be en-
titled to civil rights and to equal protection before the law."
Id., at 2892. "We have declared that by law" in the Civil
Rights Act, he explained, and "now it is proposed to incor-
porate the same provision in the fundamental instrument
of the nation." Id., at 2891. Not one Senator disagreed with
this understanding of the Clause.
In the end, "[t]he Citizenship Clause was no legal inno-
vation." J. Ho, Defining "American": Birthright Citizenship
and the Original Understanding of the 14th Amendment, 9
Green Bag 2d 367, 369 (2006); see also id., at 368 ("Birth-
right citizenship is guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amend-
ment. That birthright is protected no less for children of
undocumented persons than for descendants of Mayflower
passengers"). "It simply restored the longstanding English
common law doctrine of jus soli" abrogated by Dred Scott.
Ho, 9 Green Bag 2d, at 369; see also M. Ramsey, Original-
ism and Birthright Citizenship, 109 Geo. L. J. 405, 472
(2020) (The "central purpose" of the Citizenship Clause
"was, of course, to overrule Dred Scott").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

C
Following the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment,
this Court confirmed the Amendment's plain meaning in
United States v. Wong Kim Ark, (1898). At
issue was the citizenship of Wong Kim Ark, a young Cali-
fornia resident born in San Francisco to Chinese immigrant
parents. Id., at 652. When Wong returned to California
from a trip to China, a custom's collector denied him entry
on the sole ground that he was not a citizen of the United
States. Id., at 653.
This Court held that "[t]he Fourteenth Amendment af-
firms the ancient and fundamental rule of citizenship by
birth within the territory." Id., at 693. As the President
does today, the Government in Wong Kim Ark rested its
case on the Clause's sole qualifier. Wong was not subject to
the jurisdiction of the United States, the Government
claimed, because at birth his parents were aliens in the
United States who were "subjects of the emperor of China,"
thus making Wong a subject of the emperor of China as
well. Id., at 652 -- 653. This Court squarely rejected that
attempt to limit the Citizenship Clause's reach. Instead, it
held, the " 'subject to the jurisdiction' " qualifier excludes
only "children born of alien enemies in hostile occupation,
and children of diplomatic representatives of a foreign
State," id., at 682, "with the single additional exception of
children of members of the Indian tribes owing direct alle-
giance to their several tribes," id., at 693.1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The first two exceptions "ha[d] already been shown, by the law of Eng-

land and by our own law, from the time of the first settlement of the
English colonies in America, [to be] recognized exceptions to the funda-
mental rule of citizenship by birth within the country." Wong Kim Ark,
169 U. S., at 682. The additional exception for certain children born to
Indian tribe members reflected the country's historical understanding
that Indian tribes were "quasi foreign nations" within the physical
boundaries of the United States. See Cong. Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess.,
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

That holding conclusively settled any remaining dispute
over the Citizenship Clause's meaning. Since then, all
three branches of Government have unflinchingly adhered
to it.
This Court, for one, has repeatedly reaffirmed Wong Kim
Ark's holding. Notwithstanding legislation purporting to
render Japanese persons "ineligible" for citizenship, we
held in Morrison v. California, (1934), that a
child with Japanese parents "is a citizen of the United
States if he was born within the United States." Id., at 85.
The Court recognized the same rule even during World War
II, when individuals of Japanese ancestry were subject to
curfew and exclusion orders. See Hirabayashi v. United
States, -- 97 (1943). So too has the Court
recognized that the child of parents unlawfully present in
the United States "is, of course, an American citizen by
birth." United States ex rel. Hintopoulos v. Shaughnessy,
(1957). The same is true of children whose
parents gained admission into the United States by unlaw-
ful means. See, e.g., INS v. Errico, -- 216
(1966); INS v. Rios-Pineda, (1985).
Congress, for its part, has also reaffirmed the principles
of birthright citizenship by enshrining it in a federal stat-
ute. Section 201 of the Nationality Act of 1940 provides that
all those "born in the United States, and subject to the ju-
risdiction thereof," "shall be nationals and citizens of the
United States at birth." 8 U. S. C. ; see also Tag-
gart v. Lorenzen, (2019) (recognizing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2890 (1866). Treaties between many tribes and the Federal Government,
at the time, ensured that it was the tribe, and not the United States Gov-
ernment, that had "prescriptive and law enforcement authority" over
tribal members. M. Ramsey, Originalism and Birthright Citizenship,
109 Geo. L. J. 405, 443 -- 444 (2020); see id., at 442 -- 444. Congress even-
tually extended birthright citizenship to tribal members born in the
United States in 1924. See Indian Citizenship Act of 1924, ch. 233, 43
Stat. 253, 8 U. S. C.. These exceptions are not at issue in these
cases.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

"longstanding interpretive principle" that if statutory term
" 'is "obviously transplanted from another legal source," it
"brings the old soil with it" ' ").
For at least the last century, the Executive Branch has
adhered to the same principle. When Congress proposed to
reaffirm birthright citizenship in the 1940 Nationality Act,
cabinet officials described it as "a statement of the common-
law rule, which has been in the United States from the be-
ginning of its existence." House Committee on Immigration
and Naturalization, Nationality Laws of the United States,
76th Cong., 1st Sess., 7 (Comm. Print 1939). Indeed, the
Government concedes even now that the Executive Branch
has recognized the vitality of birthright citizenship "at least
back to World War II, if not earlier." App. to Opposition to
Application in No. 24A886, p. 323a. That explains, among
other things, why the Social Security Administration and
the Department of State have long accepted proof of one's
birthplace as proof of citizenship. See 44 Fed. Reg. 10369,
10371 (1979); 20 CFR.107(d), 422.103(c)(2) (2024); 22
CFR.40, 51.42 (2024).
Some decades ago, the Office of Legal Counsel was asked
to respond to a House bill that would have denied birthright
citizenship to " 'children born in the United States to par-
ents who are not citizens or permanent resident aliens.' " 19
Op. OLC 340, 341 (1995). The answer well summed up the
state of the law: This "office grapples with many difficult
and close issues of constitutional law. The lawfulness of
this bill is not among them. This legislation is unquestion-
ably unconstitutional." Ibid.
II
A
Undeterred by the Constitution, history, Supreme Court
precedent, federal law, and longstanding Executive Branch
practice, President Donald J. Trump issued Executive Or-
der No. 14160 on the day of his inauguration that purported
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

to redefine American citizenship. The Order declares that
United States citizenship does not extend to persons who
are born to a mother unlawfully present in the United
States, or lawfully present on a temporary basis, and a fa-
ther who is neither a citizen nor lawful permanent resident.
Ibid. It further prohibits federal agencies from issuing cit-
izenship documentation to such persons or accepting state
documentation to that effect, and it directs a slew of federal
officials to conform agency regulations to the Order. Id., at
8449 -- 8450. The prohibition, according to the Order, ap-
plies "only to persons who are born within the United States
after 30 days from the date of th[e] order." Id., at 8449.
B
Shortly after the President issued the Citizenship Order,
several groups of plaintiffs (together, respondents) chal-
lenged the Order in Federal District Courts in Maryland,
Massachusetts, and Washington. Respondents include: a
group of pregnant women2 whose children will not be
United States citizens under the terms of the Citizenship
Order; two immigrants-rights organizations with thou-
sands of members across the country who are likely to give
birth to children who would also be denied citizenship un-
der the Order; and 22 States, the District of Columbia, and
the city of San Francisco. In their respective suits, respond-
ents asserted that the Citizenship Order violates the Four-
teenth Amendment and.
Respondents also sought a preliminary injunction bar-
ring enforcement of the Citizenship Order during the pen-
dency of the litigation. If allowed to go into effect, they said,
the policy would inflict irreparable harm on their children

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Two of these women seek to represent a class of pregnant women and

children residing in Washington State, who are affected by the Citizen-
ship Order. See Complaint in No. 2:25 -- cv -- 00127 (WD Wash., Feb. 4,
2025), ECF Doc. 106. The District Court has yet to rule on the certifica-
tion of that putative class.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(and their members' children) by denying them "enjoyment
of the full privileges, rights, and benefits that come with
U. S. citizenship," and rendering them vulnerable to unlaw-
ful deportation before the Courts could adjudicate their con-
stitutional claim. Complaint in No. 8:25 -- cv -- 00201 (D Md.,
Jan. 21, 2025), p. 6, ¶12; see also Complaint in No. 2:25 -- cv -- 
00127 (WD Wash., Feb. 4, 2025), ECF Doc. 106, pp. 33 -- 36,
¶¶120 -- 139 (Washington Complaint).
As for the States, they attested that enforcement of the
Citizenship Order would cost them millions of dollars in
federal funding and impose significant administrative bur-
dens. The States "administer numerous programs for the
benefit of their residents, including for newborns and young
children, some of whom are wards of the plaintiff States
who are entitled to care by statute." Id., at 23, ¶79. Those
social welfare programs include ones provided for by state
law, as well as ones established by federal law, such as Med-
icaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program: Sev-
eral of them "are funded in part by federal dollars, with fed-
eral funding frequently tied to the citizenship and
immigration status of the individuals served." Ibid. By
stripping some children within the States of their citizen-
ship, the Order would reduce the States' federal funding,
"forc[ing the States] to bear significantly increased costs to
operate and fund programs that ensure the health and well-
being of their residents." Id., at 6, ¶8, 4 -- 5, ¶6; see also Op-
position to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jersey), pp. 9 -- 
11; Complaint in No. 1:25 -- cv -- 10139 (D Mass., Jan. 21,
2025), pp. 23 -- 42, ¶¶121 -- 201. Relatedly, because the States
must verify the citizenship status of the individuals they
serve, the States alleged that the Citizenship Order would
force them to expend significant sums to "modif[y] their...
operational structures and administration" to account for
the changes in citizenship. Washington Complaint 6, ¶8;
see also Opposition to Application in No. 24A886 (New Jer-
sey), at 9 -- 11.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

All three District Courts preliminarily enjoined enforce-
ment of the Citizenship Order. Each court determined that
the Citizenship Order was likely unlawful, that respond-
ents were likely to face irreparable harm without an injunc-
tion, and that the equities and public interest cut decisively
in respondents' favor. See 763 F. Supp. 3d 723, 727, 744 -- 
745 (Md. 2025); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142, 1152 -- 1153 (WD
Wash. 2025); Doe v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d 266, 274, 285 -- 
287 (Mass. 2025).
The District Courts further determined that only injunc-
tions blocking the Citizenship Order's enforcement nation-
wide would completely redress respondents' injuries. For
the organizational plaintiffs, the Maryland District Court
explained that those plaintiffs have " 'over 680,000 mem-
bers... who reside in all 50 U.S. states' " and "hundreds of
them expect to give birth soon." 763 F. Supp. 3d, at 746.
The Washington District Court found that "a geograph-
ically limited injunction would be ineffective" for the state
plaintiffs "as it would not completely relieve [the States] of
the Order's financial burden(s)." 765 F. Supp. 3d, at 1153.
For one thing, that court explained, the constant flow of
people moving in and out of various States meant some chil-
dren born to noncitizen parents in a nonplaintiff State
would later reside in a plaintiff State. Once there, those
children (under state law) would be eligible for state bene-
fits. Yet due to the Citizenship Order, the plaintiff States
would no longer receive federal funding to support those
benefits. In addition, the plaintiff States would have to cre-
ate an entirely new administrative and recordkeeping sys-
tem to accommodate children who were not citizens under
the Order and born in a nonplaintiff State. So if the District
Court allowed birthright citizenship to continue for chil-
dren born in the plaintiff States, but not in any other State,
that would not completely redress the States' financial in-
jury. Ibid.
For identical reasons, the Massachusetts District Court
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

also found that the state plaintiffs' injuries could be re-
dressed only by a universal injunction. See 766 F. Supp.
3d, at 288 ("The harms [the States] have established stem
from the [Order's] impact on the citizenship status -- and
the ability to discern or verify such status -- for any child
located or seeking various services within their jurisdic-
tion").
The Government filed motions to stay the injunctions in
three separate Courts of Appeals. Nowhere did the Govern-
ment contest the District Courts' uniform holdings that the
Citizenship Order likely violated the Constitution. Instead,
it challenged only the scope of the ordered relief, arguing
that the injunctions should be narrowed to block the Order's
enforcement against only the individual persons named in
the complaints.
All three appellate courts denied the Government's re-
quest and left the preliminary injunctions intact. See 131
F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025); 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025);
2025 WL 553485 (CA9, Feb. 19, 2025). The Fourth Circuit,
which reviewed the preliminary injunction issued to the or-
ganizational plaintiffs, concluded that "[t]he district court... carefully explained why an injunction limited to the par-
ties -- including organizations with hundreds of thousands
of members nationwide -- would be unworkable in practice
and thus fail to provide complete relie[f] to the plaintiffs."
2025 WL 654902, *1. The First and Ninth Circuits left un-
disturbed the Massachusetts and Washington District
Courts' respective determinations that only universal in-
junctions would fully redress the States' injuries. See 131
F. 4th, 42 -- 43; 2025 WL 553485, *1.
On March 13, the Government filed emergency applica-
tions with this Court requesting partial stays of the three
preliminary injunctions of the Citizenship Order. The Gov-
ernment renews its contention that the injunctions must be
narrowed to benefit only formal parties in these cases.
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

III
In partially granting the Government's remarkable re-
quest, the Court distorts well-established equitable princi-
ples several times over. A stay, this Court has said, " 'is not
a matter of right,' " but rather " 'an exercise of judicial dis-
cretion.' " Nken v. Holder, (2009). For
centuries, courts have "close[d] the doors" of equity to those
"tainted with inequitableness or bad faith relative to the
matter in which [they] seek relief." Precision Instrument
Mfg. Co. v. Automotive Maintenance Machinery Co., (1945). Yet the majority throws the doors of
equity open to the Government in a case where it seeks to
undo a fundamental and clearly established constitutional
right. The Citizenship Order's patent unlawfulness is rea-
son enough to deny the Government's applications.
The Government also falls well short of satisfying its bur-
den to show that it will likely suffer irreparable harm ab-
sent a stay and that it will likely succeed on the merits of
its challenge to the scope of the injunctions. Nken, 556
U. S., at 434 -- 435. The Executive Branch has respected
birthright citizenship for well over a century, and it ad-
vances no plausible reason why maintaining the status quo
while the litigation proceeds would cause it irrevocable
harm. Nor could it, for the Constitution and federal law
prohibit the enforcement of the Citizenship Order.
For all that, moreover, the Government is not even cor-
rect on the merits of universal injunctions. To the contrary,
universal injunctions are consistent with long-established
principles of equity, once respected by this Court. What is
more, these cases do not even squarely present the legality
of universal injunctions. That is because, even if the major-
ity were right that injunctions can only offer "complete re-
lief to the plaintiffs before the court," ante, at 17, each of the
lower courts here correctly determined that the nationwide
relief they issued was necessary to remedy respondents' in-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

juries completely. So even ignoring the traditional stay fac-
tors and accepting the majority's view of the merits, there
is no reason to grant relief in these cases.
A
It is a bedrock principle that parties who request a stay
must show they will likely suffer irreparable harm absent
such relief. Indeed, "[t]he authority to grant stays has his-
torically been justified by the perceived need 'to prevent ir-
reparable injury to the parties or to the public' pending re-
view." Nken, 556 U. S., at 432 ). Thus, an appar-
ent likelihood of success on the merits never suffices on its
own to justify this Court's intervention: Our emergency
docket is not a mechanism for an expedited appeal. Accord-
ingly, "this Court can avoid delving into the merits" "[i]f the
[applicant does not] demonstrat[e] an irreparable injury."
Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. ___, ___ (2024) (KAVANAUGH, J.,
concurring in grant of stay) ; contra, ante, at
8 -- 11 (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring).
What grave harm does the Executive face that prompts a
majority of this Court to grant it relief? The answer, the
Government says, is the inability to enforce the Citizenship
Order against nonparties. For the majority, that answer
suffices. See ante, at 24 ("When a federal court enters a
universal injunction against the Government, it 'im-
proper[ly] intrude[s]' on 'a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment' and prevents the Government from enforcing its pol-
icies against nonparties").
The problem, however, is that the Executive Branch has
no right to enforce the Citizenship Order against anyone.
As the Executive itself once put it, the Order is "unques-
tionably unconstitutional." Supra, at 9. It defies logic to
say that maintaining a centuries-long status quo for a few
months longer will irreparably injure the Government. See
Starbucks Corp. v. McKinney, -- 346
16 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(2024) (The "purpose" of equitable relief " 'is merely to pre-
serve the relative positions of the parties until a trial on the
merits can be held' "). The President's "mandate... to ex-
ercise his executive power," Myers v. United States, (1926), in any event, does not permit him to
rewrite the Constitution or statutory provisions at a whim.
By forging ahead and granting relief to the Government an-
yway, this Court endorses the radical proposition that the
President is harmed, irreparably, whenever he cannot do
something he wants to do, even if what he wants to do is
break the law.
The majority claims that it can sidestep "analysis of the
Executive Order" altogether because (in its view) every
overbroad injunction necessarily causes irreparable harm
sufficient to warrant emergency intervention. Ante, at 24.
Yet where a purportedly overbroad injunction orders the
Government to do only what this Court has expressly held
it is required to do, it is hard to see how it could cause any
harm. At oral argument, the Government conceded it was
bound to follow this Court's precedent. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
62 -- 63. This Court's precedent establishes beyond a shade
of doubt that the Executive Order is unconstitutional. See
supra, at 3 -- 9. Thus, by enjoining the Government from vi-
olating settled law, the District Courts' orders do not cause
the Government any harm.
The majority's contrary position is self-refuting. Suppose
an executive order barred women from receiving unemploy-
ment benefits or black citizens from voting. Is the Govern-
ment irreparably harmed, and entitled to emergency relief,
by a district court order universally enjoining such policies?
The majority, apparently, would say yes.
Nothing in this Court's precedents supports that result.
It turns one of the " 'most critical' factors we must consider
in deciding whether to grant a stay" into a box-checking ex-
ercise whenever the relevant enjoined action is an executive
one. Trump v. International Refugee Assistance Project, 582
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

U. S. 571, 584 (2017) (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and
dissenting in part). Even accepting that "[a]ny time a State
is enjoined by a court from effectuating statutes enacted by
representatives of its people, it suffers a form of irreparable
injury," Maryland v. King, (2012)
(ROBERTS, C. J., in chambers), that democratic considera-
tion cuts against the Government in these cases. Through
the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment, Congress
and the States constitutionalized birthright citizenship.
Congress also codified birthright citizenship in. It
is thus the Citizenship Order, not the District Courts' in-
junctions, that prevents the " 'effectuat[ion]' " of a constitu-
tional amendment and repeals a " 'statut[e] enacted by rep-
resentatives of [the American] people.' " Id., at 1303.
Simply put, it strains credulity to treat the Executive
Branch as irreparably harmed by injunctions that direct it
to continue following settled law. "All the officers of the
government, from the highest to the lowest, are creatures
of the law and are bound to obey it." United States v. Lee,
(1882); but see Trump v. United States,
(2024). The injunctions do no more harm to
the Executive than the Constitution and federal law do.
B
A majority of this Court nonetheless rushes to address
the merits of the Government's applications, holding that
universal injunctions "likely exceed the equitable authority
that Congress has granted to federal courts." Ante, at 1 -- 2.
A majority that has repeatedly pledged its fealty to "history
and tradition" thus eliminates an equitable power firmly
grounded in centuries of equitable principles and practice.
By stripping all federal courts, including itself, of that
power, the Court kneecaps the Judiciary's authority to stop
the Executive from enforcing even the most unconstitu-
tional policies. That runs directly counter to the point of
equity: empowering courts to do complete justice, including
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

through flexible remedies that have historically benefited
parties and nonparties alike.
1
A brief recounting of equity's history demonstrates the
majority's grave error. The American legal system grew out
of English law, which had two primary judicial institutions:
the common-law courts and equity courts. Equity courts
arose because of the inflexibility of the common-law system;
their purpose was to look beyond formal writs and provide
remedies where the common law gave inadequate relief. In
Blackstone's words, equity was meant "to give remedy in
cases where none before was administered." 3 Commen-
taries on the Laws of England, at 50.
Adaptability has always been a hallmark of equity, espe-
cially with regard to the scope of its remedies. While com-
mon-law courts were "compelled to limit their inquiry to the
very parties in the litigation before them," equity courts
could "adjust the rights of all, however numerous," and
"adapt their decrees to all the varieties of circumstances,
which may arise, and adjust them to all the peculiar rights
of all the parties in interest." J. Story, Commentaries on
Equity Jurisprudence, pp. 27 -- 28 (2d ed. 1839). After
all, equity's "constant aim" was "to do complete justice." J.
Story, Commentaries on Equity Pleadings, p. 74 (2d ed.
1840). Accordingly, equity courts could "decid[e] upon and
settl[e] the rights of all persons interested in the subject-
matter of the suit, so that the performance of the decree of
the Court may be perfectly safe to those, who are compelled
to obey it, and also, that future litigation may be pre-
vented." Ibid.
For equity courts, injunctions were "manifestly indispen-
sable for the purposes of social justice in a great variety of
cases." Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227. Unlike this Court, then, those courts "con-
stantly decline[d] to lay down any rule which shall limit
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

their power and discretion as to the particular cases, in
which such injunctions shall be granted, or withheld." Ibid.
Justice Story underscored the "wisdom in this course": Eq-
uity courts needed flexibility to craft injunctions for partic-
ular cases, as it was "impossible to foresee all the exigencies
of society which may require their aid and assistance to pro-
tect rights or redress wrongs." Ibid.
In their pursuit of complete justice, equity courts could
award injunctive and other equitable relief to parties and
nonparties alike. For centuries, they did so through what
was known as "bills of peace." If a plaintiff or group of
plaintiffs filed such a bill, an English court could use a sin-
gle case to settle disputes affecting whole communities, for
"the inherent jurisdiction of equity" included the power "to
interfere for the prevention of a multiplicity of suits." 1 J.
Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, p. 278 (1881). Bills
of peace issued in cases " 'where the parties [were] very nu-
merous, and the court perceive[d] that it [would] be almost
impossible to bring them all before the court; or where the
question is of general interest, and a few may sue for the
benefit of the whole.' " Ortiz v. Fibreboard Corp., (1999) (CC RI 1820) (Story, J.)). In such cases, a
court could "grant [equitable relief] without making other
persons parties," instead considering them "quasi parties to
the record, at least for the purpose of taking the benefit of
the decree, and of entitling themselves to other equitable
relief, if their rights [were] jeopard[iz]ed." Id., at 723.
Early American courts embraced bills of peace and ex-
tended their logic to cases "which [were] not technically
'bills of peace,' but '[were] analogous to,' or 'within the prin-
ciple' of such bills." 1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence,
at 293. One example was taxpayer suits, which allowed
courts to enjoin universally the enforcement of a challenged
tax. Sometimes, such suits were filed "by any number of
taxpayers joined as co-plaintiffs, or by one taxpayer suing
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated." Id.,
at 277. But taxpayer suits were not always representative
in nature: Even "a single taxpayer suing on his own ac-
count," if victorious, could enjoin the collection of a tax
against anyone. Ibid. Individual plaintiffs, moreover, could
secure an order "to set aside and annul any and every illegal
public official action... whereby a debt... would be un-
lawfully created." Ibid. By allowing "complete and final
relief [to] be given to an entire community by means of one
judicial decree," American courts (like their English coun-
terparts) spared nonparties and themselves from the bur-
den of "an indefinite amount of separate litigation." Id., at
278.
Federal courts have also exercised equitable authority to
enjoin universally federal and state laws for more than a
century. For instance, before deciding the constitutionality
of a new federal law in Lewis Publishing Co. v. Morgan, (1913), this Court entered an order blocking the
law's enforcement against parties and nonparties. See M.
Sohoni, The Lost History of the "Universal" Injunction, 133
Harv. L. Rev. 920, 944 -- 946 (2020). In Lewis, two newspa-
per publishers challenged as unconstitutional a federal law
requiring publishers to file with the Postmaster General
twice-yearly disclosures about their editorial board mem-
bership, corporate ownership, and subscribership. Sohoni,
133 Harv. L. Rev., at 944. After the District Court upheld
the law and authorized a direct appeal to the Supreme
Court, one of the publishers moved for a restraining order.
The proposed order sought relief not only for the publisher
who filed it, but asked the Court to " 'restrai[n]' " the Post-
master General and other federal officials from enforcing
the law against " 'appellant and other newspaper publish-
ers.' " Id., at 946. This Court readily agreed, see Journal of
Commerce and Commercial Bulletin v. Burleson, (1913) (per curiam), even as it would have sufficed
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

for the movant publishers' sake to enjoin the Act's enforce-
ment against them alone pending their appeal.
In Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925), too,
this Court affirmed a universal injunction of Oregon's com-
pulsory public schooling law. See Sohoni, 133 Harv.
L. Rev., at 959 -- 962. Two private school owners challenged
that law in a suit against the Governor of Oregon and other
state officials. "The plaintiffs did not sue on behalf of a rep-
resented group or class; they sued for themselves, alleging
that the law was an unconstitutional interference with
their property rights." Id., at 959. Yet a three-judge federal
court awarded them a universal injunction. See id., at 960 -- 
961. This Court, in affirming that relief, twice described it
as "appropriate." Pierce, 268 U. S., at 530, 533. The Court
understood that the injunction it affirmed would provide re-
lief to nonparties, commenting that such relief was neces-
sary because enforcing the Act would result not only in the
"destruction of appellees' primary schools," but would also
destroy "perhaps all other private primary schools for nor-
mal children within the State of Oregon." Id., at 534.
Cases like Lewis and Pierce were not outliers. Through-
out the early 20th century, federal courts granted universal
injunctions even when a narrower remedy would have suf-
ficed to redress the parties' injuries. See, e.g., West Virginia
Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943) (affirming
an injunction that shielded the plaintiff class of Jehovah's
Witnesses, and any other children with religious scruples,
from complying with a state law requiring children to sa-
lute the American flag); see also Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev.,
at 943 -- 993 (collecting cases). It is certainly true that fed-
eral courts have granted more universal injunctions of fed-
eral laws in recent decades. But the issuance of broad eq-
uitable relief intended to benefit parties and nonparties has
deep roots in equity's history and in this Court's precedents.
The universal injunctions of the Citizenship Order fit
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

firmly within that tradition. The right to birthright citizen-
ship is "clear," the Citizenship Order is an " 'illegal act,' "
and without the " 'preventive process of injunction,' " the
right will be " 'irreparably injured.' " Arthur v. Oakes, 63 F.
310, 328 (CA7 1894) (Harlan, J.) (describing standard for
when an injunction should issue). It would be " 'almost im-
possible,' " moreover, " 'to bring all [affected individuals] be-
fore the court,' " Ortiz, 527 U. S., at 832, justifying the use
of one suit to settle the issue of the Citizenship Order's con-
stitutionality for all affected persons. See 1 Pomeroy, Eq-
uity Jurisprudence, at 450 -- 451. Complete justice, the
"constant aim" of equity, Story, Commentaries on Equity
Pleadings, at 74, demands a universal injunction: " 'the
only remedy which the law allows to prevent the commis-
sion' " of a flagrantly illegal policy. Arthur, 63 F., at 328.
The District Courts, by granting such relief, appropriately
"settle[d] the rights of all persons interested in the subject-
matter" of these suits, binding the Government so as to pre-
vent needless "future litigation." Story, Commentaries on
Equity Pleadings, at 74.
Of course, as a matter of equitable discretion, courts may
often have weighty reasons not to award universal relief.
Among other things, universal injunctions can prevent dif-
ferent district and appellate courts from considering the
same issues in parallel, forestalling the legal dialogue (or
"percolation") the federal system uses to answer difficult
questions correctly. Not so here, however, because the Cit-
izenship Order is patently unconstitutional under settled
law and a variety of district and appellate courts have re-
viewed the issue. So too can universal injunctions encour-
age forum shopping, by allowing preferred district judges in
a venue picked by one plaintiff to enjoin governmental pol-
icies nationwide. They also operate asymmetrically against
the Government, giving plaintiffs a litigation advantage: To
halt Government action everywhere, a plaintiff must win
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

only one universal injunction across many potential law-
suits. Yet this is not a scenario where granting universal
relief will encourage forum shopping or give plaintiffs the
upper hand. Quite the opposite: By awarding universal re-
lief below, the District Courts just ordered the Government
to do everywhere what any reasonable jurist would order
the Government to do anywhere.
There may be good reasons not to issue universal injunc-
tions in the typical case, when the merits are open to rea-
sonable disagreement and there is no claim of extraordi-
nary and imminent irreparable harm.3 See Story,
Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227 ("[In-
junctive relief] ought... to be guarded with extreme cau-
tion, and applied only in very clear cases"); cf. ante, at 13 (
"[The] use [of bills of peace] was confined to limited circum-
stances"). The universal injunctions in these cases, how-
ever, are more than appropriate. These injunctions, after
all, protect newborns from the exceptional, irreparable
harm associated with losing a foundational constitutional
right and its immediate benefits. They thus honor the most
basic value of our constitutional system: They keep the Gov-
ernment within the bounds of law. Marbury v. Madison, 1
Cranch 137, 163 (1803).
2
The majority's contrary reasoning falls flat. The majority
starts with the Judiciary Act of 1789, which gives federal
courts jurisdiction over "all suits... in equity.", 1 Stat.
78. In the majority's telling, universal injunctions are in-
consistent with equity jurisdiction because they are not
"sufficiently 'analogous' to the relief ' "exercised by the High
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 These prudential considerations, however, have nothing to do with

whether universal injunctions are consistent with historical equitable
principles and practice. Contra ante, at 21, ; but cf. ante, at 21
("[T]he policy pros and cons [of universal injunctions] are beside the
point").
24 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Court of Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution and the enactment of the original Judici-
ary Act." ' " Ante, at 6 ). In reaching that ahistorical result, the Court
claims that the English Chancellor's remedies were "typi-
cally" party specific, and emphasizes that party-specific
principles have permeated this Court's understanding of
equity. Ante, at 6 -- 9.
The majority's argument stumbles out the gate. As the
majority must itself concede, injunctions issued by English
courts of equity were "typically," but not always, party spe-
cific. Ante, at 7. After all, bills of peace, for centuries, al-
lowed English courts to adjudicate the rights of parties not
before it, and to award remedies intended to benefit entire
affected communities. Taxpayer suits, too, could lead to a
complete injunction of a tax, even when only a single plain-
tiff filed suit.
The majority seeks to distinguish bills of peace from uni-
versal injunctions by urging that the former (but not the
latter) typically applied to small and cohesive groups and
were representative in nature. See ante, at 13. Yet those
are distinctions without a difference. Equity courts had the
flexibility to "adapt their decrees to all the varieties of cir-
cumstances, which may arise, and adjust them to all the
peculiar rights of all the parties in interest." Story, Com-
mentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 28. There is no
equitable principle that caps the number of parties in inter-
est. Indeed, in taxpayer suits, a single plaintiff could get
the relief of "annul[ling] any and every kind of tax or as-
sessment" that applied to an entire "county, town, or city."
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 277.4 "[T]he in-
herent jurisdiction of equity to interfere for the prevention
of a multiplicity of suits," moreover, is what empowered
common law courts to issue bills of peace. Id., at 450 -- 451
(4th ed. 1918). That is why early American courts under-
stood taxpayer suits, in which even a "single taxpayer suing
on his own account" and not on behalf of others could secure
a total injunction, to be a natural extension of a bill of peace.
Id., at 277 (1881).5
It is also unclear why " 'cohesive[ness]' " or "representa-
tive[ness]" would preclude even those universal injunctions
that, like here, benefit a discrete and cohesive group. Ante,
at 13. The Citizenship Order itself applies only to a subset
group of newborn children: that is, children born to a
mother unlawfully or temporarily present, and a father who
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923), which addressed a tax-

payer's standing to challenge a federal appropriation, did not consider
how broadly a court could enjoin Government action and is therefore not
to the contrary. Id., at 488; contra, ante, at 15.
5 The majority asserts that taxpayer suits are an "inadequate historical

analogy" for a universal injunction, ante, at 14, but cannot dispute their
essential similarity: By providing relief to an entire affected community,
both do more than merely redress a plaintiff 's injuries. Instead, the ma-
jority says that single-plaintiff, nonrepresentative taxpayer suits cannot
be proper "historical" analogues because they trace only back to the "mid-
19th century." See ibid. Yet the same is true of plaintiff-protective in-
junctions against federal and state government officials, an equitable
remedy the majority embraces by reference to "a long line of cases au-
thorizing suits against State officials in certain circumstances" that
range from the cusp of the mid-19th century to the late mid-19th century.
Ante, at 11,. In any event, early American courts deemed taxpayer
suits " 'analogous to,' [and] 'within the principle of'... bills [of peace],' "
1 Pomeroy, Equity Jurisprudence, at 293, which trace back to the
equitable practice of the English Chancery Court, ante, at 12. Nor is it
clear why it matters that individual taxpayer suits occurred in state
courts, or that those courts did not always award the broad injunctions
available to them. Contra, ante, at 15. The relevant question is simply
whether a court of equity could award injunctive relief to nonparties.
The answer to that question is, obviously, yes.
26 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

is neither a citizen nor lawful permanent resident. Those
mothers and fathers share "not only [a common] interest in
the question, but one in common in the subject-matter of
th[is] suit." Scott v. Donald, (1897). Nor
is there any doubt that at least the individual respondents
adequately represent the injunction's beneficiaries: Like all
affected parents, they "are necessarily interested in obtain-
ing the relief sought" to preserve their children's citizen-
ship. Emmons v. National Mut. Bldg. & Loan Assn. of NY,
135 F. 689, 691 (CA4 1905) (explaining the "well-known
doctrine of equity jurisprudence" that " 'the relief sought by
[a plaintiff]' " must be " 'beneficial to those whom he under-
takes to represent' " )). What was true of bills of peace is thus true of these
universal injunctions and universal injunctions generally,
too: Both allow courts to " 'adjudicate the rights of members
of dispersed groups without formally joining them to a law-
suit through the usual procedures.' " Ante, at 13.
That bills of peace bear some resemblance to modern day
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 class actions does not
mean they cannot also be a historical analogue to the uni-
versal injunction. Contra, ante, at 13 ("The bill of peace
lives in modern form" as the "modern class action... gov-
erned in federal court by Rule 23," "not as the universal in-
junction"). In the majority's view, Rule 23 class actions, but
not universal injunctions, would "be recognizable to an Eng-
lish Chancellor" because the limitations on class actions
mirror those that applied to bills of peace. Ante, at 14 (Rule
23 "requires numerosity (such that joinder is impractica-
ble), common questions of law or fact, typicality, and repre-
sentative parties who adequately protect the interests of
the class"); cf. supra, at 25 (explaining why the universal
injunctions in these cases are consistent with those limits).
To the extent that English Chancellors would care about
the differences between Rule 23 and universal injunctions,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the majority provides absolutely no reason to conclude they
would think the former permissible and not the latter. To
the contrary, unlike the Court today, the English Chancery
Court recognized that principles of equity permit granting
relief to nonparties. The history of bills of peace makes that
apparent, particularly because they went beyond what Rule
23 permits. See ante, at 13 -- 14 ("[T]he modern Rule 23 is in
some ways 'more restrictive of representative suits than the
original bills of peace' "). They are thus a common ancestor
to both class actions and universal injunctions.
In any event, nothing in Rule 23 purports to supplant or
modify federal courts' equitable authority under the Judici-
ary Act to grant relief to nonparties, nor could it. Contra,
ante, at 14. The majority frets that universal injunctions,
if permissible, will empower federal courts to create de facto
class actions at will, thereby circumventing Rule 23's pro-
cedural protections. Ibid. Those concerns, however, have
not been borne out in reality. Rule 23 has coexisted with
universal injunctions against the Government for decades.
Universal injunctions also cannot supplant the paradigm
form of class actions, which seek money damages. In all
events, to the extent the majority's concern has any teeth,
reviewing courts are already well equipped to safeguard
Rule 23's procedural protections. If there is a genuine lack
of clarity as to the lawfulness of challenged Government ac-
tion, district courts may well abuse their discretion by re-
flexively issuing universal injunctions where a Rule 23
class action would be more appropriate. See Ashcroft v.
American Civil Liberties Union, (2004)
(standard of review for preliminary injunctions is " 'abuse of
discretion' ").
The majority next insists that the practice of "founding-
era courts of equity in the United States" cuts against uni-
versal injunctions, and that this Court "consistently re-
buffed requests for relief that extended beyond the parties."
Ante, at 8. The majority's account is irreconcilable with
28 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

early American bills of peace and the history of taxpayer
suits. It further contradicts this Court's practice, in cases
like Lewis, Pierce, and Barnette, of affirming and granting
universal injunctions even when narrower, plaintiff-
focused injunctions would have offered complete relief to
the parties. See supra, at 20 -- 21. The majority instead fo-
cuses on one case from 1897, in which this Court "permitted
only a narro[w] decree between 'the parties named as plain-
tiff and defendants in the bill,' " ante, at 7, over others, including from the same pe-
riod, doing just the opposite. The majority offers no princi-
pled basis to deem the question resolved by a single case
from 1897 while cases just a few years later charted a dif-
ferent course. Indeed, if the relevant inquiry turns on
"founding-era practice," then there is no reason why a case
from 1897 should be dispositive. Ante, at 9,.
In the majority's telling, Scott merely "illustrates that as
late as 1897, this Court adhered to a party-specific view of
relief." Ante, at 7 -- 8,. Nothing in Scott, however, dic-
tates that equitable relief must always be party specific. To
the contrary, just one year after Scott, the Court endorsed
the opposite view: "Only a court of equity," the Court ex-
plained, "is competent to... determine, once for all and
without a multiplicity of suits, matters that affect not
simply individuals, but the interests of the entire commu-
nity." Smyth v. Ames, (1898); see also
id., at 517 ("[T]he circuit court of the United States, sitting
in equity, can make a comprehensive decree covering the
whole ground of controversy, and thus avoid the multiplic-
ity of suits that would inevitably arise under the statute").6

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Regardless of the actual decree the Smyth court approved, see ante,

at 7 -- 8, its analysis clearly reveals that the Court understood equity
to permit broad relief intended to benefit parties and nonparties alike.
That is why this Court later approved or granted universal injunctions
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

The majority does not identify a single case, from the found-
ing era or otherwise, in which this Court held that federal
courts may never issue universal injunctions or broad equi-
table relief that extends to nonparties. That is to be ex-
pected, given the historical support for such relief and its
use in bills of peace and taxpayer suits.
Most critically, the majority fundamentally misunder-
stands the nature of equity by freezing in amber the precise
remedies available at the time of the Judiciary Act. Even
as it declares that " '[e]quity is flexible,' " ante, at 11, the ma-
jority ignores the very flexibility that historically allowed
equity to secure complete justice where the rigid forms of
common law proved inadequate. Indeed, "[i]n th[e] early
times [of the common law] the chief juridical employment
of the chancellor must have been in devising new writs, di-
rected to the courts of common law, to give remedy in cases
where none before was administered." 3 Blackstone, Com-
mentaries on the Laws of England, at 50. Adaptability has
thus always been at the equity's core. Hence why equity
courts "constantly decline[d] to lay down any rule which
shall limit their power and discretion as to the particular
cases, in which such injunctions shall be granted, or with-
held." Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence, at 227. The Judiciary Act of 1789 codified equity
itself, not merely a static list of remedies.
Historical analogues are no doubt instructive and provide
important guidance, but requiring an exact historical
match for every equitable remedy defies equity's purpose.
Equity courts understood the "wisdom" in keeping injunc-
tive relief flexible, for it was "impossible to foresee all the
exigencies of society which may require their aid and assis-
tance to protect rights or redress wrongs." Ibid. Of course,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
in Lewis, Pierce, and Barnette without "address[ing] the propriety of uni-
versal relief." Ante, at 9,. See also Lewis Publishing Co. v. Morgan,
(1913); Pierce v. Society of Sisters, (1925);
West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943).
30 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

in assessing whether a remedy falls within federal courts'
equity jurisdiction under the Judiciary Act, this Court has
asked "[w]hether the relief... was traditionally accorded
by courts of equity." Grupo Mexicano, 527 U. S., at 319.
Grupo Mexicano, however, does not dictate the level of gen-
erality for that historical inquiry, and general principles of
equity that themselves existed at the founding militate
against requiring a near exact match as the majority does.
Cf. United States v. Rahimi, (2024) ("The
law must comport with the principles underlying the Sec-
ond Amendment, but it need not be a 'dead ringer' or a 'his-
torical twin' ").
Indeed, equitable relief in the United States has evolved
in one respect to protect rights and redress wrongs that
even the majority does not question: Plaintiffs today may
obtain plaintiff-protective injunctions against Government
officials that block the enforcement of unconstitutional
laws, relief exemplified by Ex parte Young, 
(1908). That remedy, which traces back to the equity prac-
tice of mid-19th century courts, finds no analogue in the re-
lief exercised in the English Court of Chancery, which could
not enjoin the Crown or English officers. See supra, at 24,
; see also Sohoni, 133 Harv. L. Rev., at 928, 1002 -- 1006;
see also R. Fallon, D. Meltzer, & D. Shapiro, Hart and
Wechsler's The Federal Courts and the Federal System
958 -- 959 (5th ed. 2003) (noting that, in Young, "the threat-
ened conduct of the defendant would not have been an ac-
tionable wrong at common law" and that the "principle [in
Young] has been easily absorbed in suits challenging fed-
eral official action"). Under the majority's rigid historical
test, however, even plaintiff-protective injunctions against
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

patently unlawful Government action should be impermis-
sible.7 Such a result demonstrates the folly of treating eq-
uity as a closed system, rather than one designed to adapt
to new circumstances.
The relative absence of universal injunctions against the
United States before the late 20th century, moreover, re-
flects constitutional and procedural limitations on judicial
power, not equitable ones. Brief for Legal Historians in No.
24A884 as Amici Curiae 13 -- 16. Until the enactment of the
Amendments to the Administrative Procedure Act in 1976,
sovereign immunity barred most suits against the Federal
Government. Id., at 14 -- 15, p. 339 (2016)). Officer
suits against Cabinet officials before that point, moreover,
could be brought only in Washington, D. C., due to limits on
personal jurisdiction and venue that existed at the time.
Brief for Legal Historians in No. 24A884 as Amici Curiae
15 -- 16. The later emergence of universal injunctions
against the United States followed the removal of those bar-
riers and the expansion of federal actions and laws. The
rise of universal injunctions therefore represents equity's
essential adaptation to modern governance.
It is a "common expression... that Courts of Equity de-
light to do justice, and not by halves." Story, Commentaries
on Equity Pleadings, at 74. The majority, however, de-
lights to do justice by piecemeal. Its decision to strip the
federal courts of the authority to issue universal injunctions
of even flagrantly unlawful Government action represents
a grave and unsupported diminution of the judicial power
of equity. Centuries ago, Chief Justice Marshall warned
that "[i]f the legislatures of the several states may, at will,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 The majority's expressed support for such injunctions is thus irrecon-

cilable with its view that equitable remedies must be very closely " 'anal-
ogous' to the relief ' "exercised by the High Court of Chancery in England
at the time of the adoption of the Constitution and the enactment of the
original Judiciary Act." ' " Ante, at 6.
32 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

annul the judgments of the courts of the United States, and
destroy the rights acquired under those judgments, the con-
stitution itself becomes a solemn mockery." United States
v. Peters, 5 Cranch 115, 136 (1809). The Court should have
heeded that warning today.
C
Even the majority's view of the law cannot justify issu-
ance of emergency relief to the Government in these cases,
for the majority leaves open whether these particular in-
junctions may pass muster under its ruling. Indeed, the
lower courts issued the challenged injunctions consistent
with an equitable principle that even the majority em-
braces: Courts may award an equitable remedy when it is
"necessary to provide complete relief to the plaintiffs." Cali-
fano v. Yamasaki, (1979). As the major-
ity recounts, "[t]he equitable tradition has long embraced
the rule that courts generally 'may administer complete re-
lief between the parties.' " Ante, at 16 ; empha-
sis deleted).8
So too does the Court recognize that, in some cases, com-
plete relief will require a broad remedy that necessarily
benefits nonparties. See ante, at 17, ("There may be
other injuries for which it is all but impossible for courts to
craft relief that is both complete and benefits only the
named plaintiffs"); see also Gill v. Whitford, -- 67 (2018) ("[T]he only way to vindicate an individual
plaintiff 's right to an equally weighted vote [is] through a
wholesale 'restructuring of the geographical distribution of
seats in a state legislature' "). Hence the majority's nui-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 That explains the majority's bottom line, in which it declares that the

Government's applications are "granted, but only to the extent that the
injunctions are broader than necessary to provide complete relief to each
plaintiff with standing to sue." Ante, at 27.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sance hypothetical: If a plaintiff sues her neighbor for play-
ing loud music at night, a court can order the neighbor to
turn off the music at night, even if doing so will naturally
benefit other neighbors who are not parties to the suit. See
ante, at 16 -- 17.
The majority need not resort to hypotheticals, however,
because the very injunctions in these cases were necessary
to give respondents complete relief. Indeed, each District
Court found that a universal injunction was the only feasi-
ble option to redress fully respondents' injuries. See 763
F. Supp. 3d, at 746 (concluding that "[o]nly a nationwide in-
junction will provide complete relief to the plaintiffs" be-
cause the organizational plaintiffs have " 'over 680,000
members... who reside in all 50 U.S. states and several
U.S. territories' " and " '[h]undreds or even thousands' " of
those members " 'will give birth to children in the United
States over the coming weeks and months' " ); 765 F. Supp. 3d, at 1153 ("[A] geographically lim-
ited injunction would be ineffective, as it would not com-
pletely relieve [the plaintiff States] of the Order's financial
burden(s)"); 766 F. Supp. 3d, at 288 (explaining that "in-
junctive relief limited to the State plaintiffs [would be] in-
adequate" because it would "fai[l] in providing complete re-
lief to the State plaintiffs").
Recognizing as much, the majority retreats to the view
that, even if a court "can award complete relief," it "should
[not] do so" reflexively. Ante, at 18; see also ibid. ("Com-
plete relief is not a guarantee -- it is the maximum a court
can provide"); ante, at 2 (opinion of THOMAS, J.) (suggesting
courts "err insofar as they treat complete relief as a man-
date"). Even so, the Court never suggests that the District
Courts in these cases should not have awarded relief to the
parties that completely remedied their alleged injuries.
Nor could it. The majority recognizes that "in equity, 'the
broader and deeper the remedy the plaintiff wants, the
stronger the plaintiff 's story needs to be.' " Ante, at 18 -- 19.
34 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Here, respondents paired their respective requests for com-
plete relief with the strongest story possible: Without such
relief, an executive order that violates the Constitution, fed-
eral law, Supreme Court precedent, history, and over a cen-
tury of Executive Branch practice would infringe upon their
constitutional rights or cause them to incur significant fi-
nancial and administrative costs.
Perhaps that is why the majority leaves open the possi-
bility that the District Courts, in these cases, could have
granted at least respondent States a nationwide injunction
consistent with the notion of "complete relief." The majority
recognizes, correctly, that the Massachusetts District Court
"decided that a universal injunction was necessary to pro-
vide the States themselves with complete relief." Ante, at
18.9 And the majority does not dispute the basis for those
decisions: "Children often move across state lines or are
born outside their parents' State of residence," and "th[is]
cross-border flow" would make an injunction protecting
only children born in the party States "unworkable." Ante,
18. A narrower injunction would "require [the States] to
track and verify the immigration status of the parents of
every child, along with the birth State of every child for
whom they provide certain federally funded benefits." Ante,
at 18. Unrebutted record evidence bears this out and shows
that the Citizenship Order would irreparably harm the
States, even if it does not apply to children born within their
boundaries. The Court does not contend otherwise. That
should be the end of the matter.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 In the majority's telling, the Washington District Court "acknowl-

edged the state respondents' complete relief argument but primarily
granted a universal injunction" based on its weighing of the equities. See
ante, at 18,. Not so. That court carefully explained why "a geo-
graphically limited injunction would be ineffective, as it would not com-
pletely relieve [the States] of the Order's financial burden(s)." 765 F.
Supp. 3d 1142, 1153 -- 1154 (2025). A narrower injunction, it explained,
would be "unworkable" and would itself likely impose new "recordkeep-
ing and administrative burden[s]" on the States. Id., at 1154.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Nevertheless, the majority suggests that the District
Courts might consider, after this Court hands down its de-
cision, whether some alternative narrower injunction
would provide the States complete relief. See ibid. What
would such an injunction look like, and would it be feasible?
The Court does not say. The majority does note, but takes
no position on, two narrower injunctions the Government
claims would still give complete relief to the States: an or-
der prohibiting the Government from enforcing the Citizen-
ship Order in respondent States, including as to state resi-
dents born elsewhere; or an order directing the Government
to treat children covered by the Citizenship Order as eligi-
ble for federally funded welfare benefits when those chil-
dren reside in a respondent State. See ibid..
As an initial matter, the Government never raised those
narrower injunctions to the District Courts, meaning it for-
feited them. That is what the First Circuit expressly held,
131 F. 4th, at 43 ("declining to consider" those alternatives
because they were "raised for [the] first time... in support
of stay pending appeal of preliminary injunction"), and the
majority does not dispute the point. It is true that plaintiffs
seeking a preliminary injunction bear the burden of making
"a clear showing that [they are] entitled to such relief."
Winter v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., (2008). The States met that burden, however: They
presented what is still uncontroverted evidence that an in-
junction applicable only to children born within their bor-
ders would give them less than complete relief. Accord-
ingly, it was reasonable for the District Courts to fashion
the remedies that they did, for they were "not obligated to
undertake the task of chiseling from the government's
across-the-board [Executive Order] a different policy the
government never identified, endorsed, or defended." J. D.
v. Azar, 925 F. 3d 1291, 1336 (CADC 2019) (per curiam).
Those proffered alternatives, moreover, are unworkable
36 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

on their face. Each would require creating a two-tiered
scheme in which the Government's recognition of some chil-
dren's citizenship status or eligibility for federally funded
benefits would change based on whether a child resides in
one of respondent States at any given moment. That
scheme would have to operate, somehow, without imposing
an administrative burden on respondent States or disrupt-
ing their receipt of federal funds to which they are entitled.
"[T]he regular movement of the American people into and
out of different States... would make it difficult to sensibly
maintain such a scattershot system." Ante, at 5 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.).
Such a system would also be incompatible with federal
law. Some statutes, like those governing Medicaid and
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) bene-
fits, require States to give benefits only to applicants with
a Social Security number and to use those numbers for cer-
tain administrative purposes. See, e.g., 7 U. S. C. ;
42 U. S. C. -- 7(a)(1). States could not comply with
those laws under the Government's alternative injunctions
because children covered by the Citizenship Order in non-
party States would still be treated as noncitizens at birth.
Thus, when some of those children later move to one of re-
spondent States, they would lack Social Security numbers.
No matter how it is done, discarding the nationwide status
quo of birthright citizenship would result in chaos.
What is more, the principle of complete relief does not re-
quire courts to award only the absolute narrowest injunc-
tion possible. To conclude otherwise would eviscerate the
"discretion and judgment" that is integral to the crafting of
injunctive relief. International Refugee Assistance Project,
582 U. S., at 579. Indeed, equitable relief "[t]raditionally... has been characterized by a practical flexibility in shap-
ing its remedies and by a facility for adjusting and reconcil-
ing public and private needs." Brown v. Board of Educa-
tion, (1955) (footnote omitted). That is
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 37

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

why the court in the majority's nuisance hypothetical can
"order the defendant to turn her music down," or to turn it
"off," even though the latter is technically more burdensome
on the defendant than necessary to give the plaintiff com-
plete relief. Ante, at 16.
Accordingly, the District Courts appropriately deter-
mined that the "only one feasible option" that would give
complete relief to the States was a universal injunction.
See ibid. Clearly, the majority is asking the lower courts
themselves to explain what is patently obvious about the
Government's proposed injunctions and any others that can
be imagined.
Inexplicably, however, the Court declares that, for the as-
sociational and individual respondents, injunctions enjoin-
ing the Government from enforcing the Citizenship Order
against them (and only them) would have sufficed. See
ante, at 17 -- 18. In fashioning equitable relief, however,
courts must take into account " 'what is workable.' " North
Carolina v. Covington, (2017) (per cu-
riam). Just like the injunction that the majority blesses in
the context of its nuisance-suit hypothetical, which will be-
stow a peaceful night upon the plaintiff 's neighbors even
when the plaintiff is not herself at home, the preliminary
injunction for the associational and individual respondents
reflects what is practicable. As the Maryland District Court
found, " 'hundreds or even thousands' " of the associational
respondents' members, who reside in all 50 States, " 'will
give birth to children in the United States over the coming
weeks and months.' " 763 F. Supp. 3d, at 746. Theoreti-
cally, it might be possible for a court to fashion an injunc-
tion that runs to each of the thousands of expectant moth-
ers in that group. But see ante, at 5 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.) ("Often, it is not especially workable or
sustainable or desirable to have a patchwork scheme... in
which a major new federal statute or executive action...
applies to some people or organizations in certain States or
38 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

regions, but not to others"). Yet anything less than a na-
tionwide injunction creates a risk that the Government, in-
advertently or intentionally, will enforce the Citizenship
Order against some of the plaintiffs' children before this
Court rules definitively on the Order's lawfulness.
A narrower injunction would necessarily task "[t]hose [re-
sponsible for] determining a baby's citizenship status...
with [correctly] confirming [biological] parentage, the citi-
zenship or immigration status of both [biological] parents,
and membership in specific organizations." Opposition to
Application for Partial Stay of Injunction in No. 24A884, p.
24. That, in turn, would "impose an enormous burden on
expecting parents, membership organizations, government
employees at all levels, and hospital staff," increasing the
risk of mistake. Ibid. The risk of noncompliance is also
particularly stark here, where the challenged action itself
reflects an utter disregard for settled precedent, and given
the Government's repeated insistence that it need not pro-
vide notice to individuals before their sudden deportations.
See, e.g., A. A. R. P. v. Trump, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(per curiam) ; Department of Homeland Secu-
rity v. D. V. D., 606 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
dissenting). The majority does not identify
a narrower alternative that is both practical and mitigates
that risk.
At the very least, there is no reason to think that the Dis-
trict Court abused its discretion in deciding that only a na-
tionwide injunction could protect the plaintiffs' fundamen-
tal rights. See Ashcroft, 542 U. S., at 664 (setting forth the
standard of review). "Crafting a preliminary injunction,"
after all, "is an exercise of discretion and judgment, often
dependent as much on the equities of a given case as the
substance of the legal issues it presents." International Ref-
ugee Assistance Project, 582 U. S., at 579. Applying defer-
ential abuse-of-discretion review, the Fourth Circuit em-
phasized that the "[t]he district court... carefully
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 39

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

explained why an injunction limited to the parties -- includ-
ing organizations with hundreds of thousands of members
nationwide -- would be unworkable in practice and thus fail
to provide complete relie[f] to the plaintiffs." 2025 WL
654902, *1. The majority gives no justification for deeming
the District Court's reasoned assessment an abuse of dis-
cretion.
D
The equities and public interest weigh decisively against
the Government. For all of the reasons discussed, the Citi-
zenship Order is patently unconstitutional. To allow the
Government to enforce it against even one newborn child is
an assault on our constitutional order and antithetical to
equity and public interest. Cf. Salazar v. Buono, -- 715 (2010) (plurality opinion) (" '[A] court must
never ignore... circumstances underlying [equitable relief]
lest the decree be turned into an "instrument of wrong" ' ").
Meanwhile, newborns subject to the Citizenship Order
will face the gravest harms imaginable. If the Order does
in fact go into effect without further intervention by the Dis-
trict Courts, children will lose, at least for the time being,
"a most precious right," Kennedy v. Mendoza-Martinez, (1963), and "cherished status" that "carries
with it the privilege of full participation in the affairs of our
society," Knauer v. United States, (1946).
Affected children also risk losing the chance to participate
in American society altogether, unless their parents have
sufficient resources to file individual suits or successfully
challenge the Citizenship Order in removal proceedings.
Indeed, the Order risks the "creation of a substantial
'shadow population' " for covered children born in the
United States who remain here. Plyler, 457 U. S., at 218.
Without Social Security numbers and other documentation,
these children will be denied critical public services, like
SNAP and Medicaid, and lose the ability to engage fully in
40 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

civic life by being born in States that have not filed a law-
suit. Worse yet, the Order threatens to render American-
born children stateless, a status "deplored in the interna-
tional community" for causing "the total destruction of the
individual's status in organized society." Trop v. Dulles,
-- 102 (1958) (plurality opinion). That
threat hangs like a guillotine over this litigation.
The Order will cause chaos for the families of all affected
children too, as expecting parents scramble to understand
whether the Order will apply to them and what ramifica-
tions it will have. If allowed to take effect, the Order may
even wrench newborns from the arms of parents lawfully in
the United States, for it purports to strip citizenship from
the children of parents legally present on a temporary ba-
sis. See 90 Fed. Reg. 8449. Those newborns could face de-
portation, even as their parents remain lawfully in the
country. In light of all these consequences, there can be no
serious question over where the equities lie in these cases.
IV
The Court's decision is nothing less than an open invita-
tion for the Government to bypass the Constitution. The
Executive Branch can now enforce policies that flout settled
law and violate countless individuals' constitutional rights,
and the federal courts will be hamstrung to stop its actions
fully. Until the day that every affected person manages to
become party to a lawsuit and secures for himself injunctive
relief, the Government may act lawlessly indefinitely.
Not even a decision from this Court would necessarily
bind the Government to stop, completely and permanently,
its commission of unquestionably unconstitutional conduct.
The majority interprets the Judiciary Act, which defines
the equity jurisdiction for all federal courts, this Court in-
cluded, as prohibiting the issuance of universal injunctions
(unless necessary for complete relief ). What, besides eq-
uity, enables this Court to order the Government to cease
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 41

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

completely the enforcement of illegal policies? The majority
does not say. So even if this Court later rules that the Cit-
izenship Order is unlawful, we may nevertheless lack the
power to enjoin enforcement as to anyone not formally a
party before the Court. In a case where the Government is
acting in open defiance of the Constitution, federal law, and
this Court's holdings, it is naive to believe the Government
will treat this Court's opinions on those policies as "de facto"
universal injunctions absent an express order directing to-
tal nonenforcement. Ante, at 6 (opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.).
Indeed, at oral argument, the Government refused to
commit to obeying any court order issued by a Federal
Court of Appeals holding the Citizenship Order unlawful
(except with respect to the plaintiffs in the suit), even
within the relevant Circuit. Tr. of Oral Arg. 61 -- 63. To the
extent the Government cannot commit to compliance with
Court of Appeals decisions in those Circuits, it offers no
principled reason why it would treat the opinions of this
Court any differently nationwide. Thus, by stripping even
itself of the ability to issue universal injunctions, the Court
diminishes its role as "the ultimate decider of the interim
[and permanent] legal status of major new federal statutes
and executive actions." Ante, at 3 (opinion of KAVANAUGH,
J.).
There is a serious question, moreover, whether this Court
will ever get the chance to rule on the constitutionality of a
policy like the Citizenship Order. Contra, ante, at 6 (opin-
ion of KAVANAUGH, J.) ("[T]he losing parties in the courts of
appeals will regularly come to this Court in matters involv-
ing major new federal statutes and executive actions"). In
the ordinary course, parties who prevail in the lower courts
generally cannot seek review from this Court, likely leaving
it up to the Government's discretion whether a petition will
42 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

be filed here.10 These cases prove the point: Every court to
consider the Citizenship Order's merits has found that it is
unconstitutional in preliminary rulings. Because respond-
ents prevailed on the merits and received universal injunc-
tions, they have no reason to file an appeal. The Govern-
ment has no incentive to file a petition here either, because
the outcome of such an appeal would be preordained. The
Government recognizes as much, which is why its emer-
gency applications challenged only the scope of the prelim-
inary injunctions.
Even accepting that this Court will get the opportunity to
"ac[t] as the ultimate decider" of patently unlawful policies,
ante, at 3 (opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.), and that the Execu-
tive Branch will treat this Court's opinions as de facto uni-
versal injunctions,11 it is still necessary for the lower courts
to have the equitable authority to issue universal injunc-
tions, too. As JUSTICE KAVANAUGH notes, it can take, at a
minimum, "weeks" for an application concerning a major
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 On rare occasion, this Court has permitted a party who prevailed in

the lower courts nonetheless to obtain this Court's review of a legal ques-
tion. See, e.g., Camreta v. Greene, (2011) (allowing a
government official who prevailed on grounds of qualified immunity to
challenge an underlying adverse constitutional ruling). Those exceptions
have no relevance here, however, because there is no adverse determina-
tion for respondents to challenge.
11 The majority insists that the constitutionality of the Citizenship Or-

der will come before this Court eventually and that, when it does, the
Government will obey this Court's resulting opinion with respect to all
newborn children. Ante, at 25,. Why? The majority is sure that
the Government will honor its oral-argument promises to " 'seek cert' "
when it " 'lose[s] one of ' " its pending appeals and to "respect both the
judgments and opinions of this Court." Ibid.. The majority's certainty that the Government will keep its word is
nothing short of a leap of faith, given that the Government has adopted
a plainly unconstitutional policy in defiance of this Court's precedent and
then gamed the system to stymie this Court's consideration of the policy's
merits. In any event, the Government's promise is cold comfort to the
many children whose parents do not file a lawsuit and whose citizenship
status remains in flux pending this Court's review.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 43

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

new policy to reach this Court. Ibid. In the interim, the
Government may feel free to execute illegal policies against
nonparties and cause immeasurable harm that this Court
may never be able to remedy. Indeed, in these cases, there
is a serious risk the Government will seek to deport new-
borns whose parents have not filed suit if all the injunctions
are narrowed on remand. That unconscionable result only
underscores why it is necessary, in some cases, for lower
courts to issue universal injunctions.
Fortunately, in the rubble of its assault on equity juris-
diction, the majority leaves untouched one important tool
to provide broad relief to individuals subject to lawless Gov-
ernment conduct: Rule 23(b)(2) class actions for injunctive
relief. That mechanism may provide some relief, but it is
not a perfect substitute for a universal injunction. First, a
named plaintiff must incur the higher cost of pursuing class
relief, which will involve, at a minimum, overcoming the
hurdle of class certification. " '[D]emonstrating th[e] pre-
requisites' " of numerosity, commonality and typicality and
the adequacy of the named plaintiff to represent the class
" 'is difficult and time consuming and has been getting
harder as a result of recent court decisions and federal leg-
islation.' " Chicago v. Barr, 961 F. 3d 882, 917 (CA7 2020)
; alterations in original).
" 'Courts have heightened the evidentiary standard for class
certification' " as well, " 'requiring hearings and sometimes
significant amounts of evidence on the merits of the class
before certifying the class.' " 961 F. 3d, at 917. In recent
years, moreover, " 'courts have started to deny class certifi-
cation if they think there has been a flaw in class defini-
tion,' " sometimes " 'without first allowing the plaintiffs to
amend that definition in response to the court's concerns.' "
Ibid. What is more, " 'defendants can seek interlocutory re-
view of a court's decision to certify a class, adding further
delay and expense to the certification process.' " Ibid.
44 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Hence why some " 'describ[e] the class certification process
as a "drawn-out procedural bog," which comes with signifi-
cant expense and delay for the would be class member.' "
Ibid. Indeed, at oral argument, the Government refused to
concede that a class could be certified to challenge the Citi-
zenship Order and promised to invoke Rule 23's barriers to
stop it. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 31 -- 32.
Nevertheless, the parents of children covered by the Cit-
izenship Order would be well advised to file promptly class-
action suits and to request temporary injunctive relief for
the putative class pending class certification. See
A. A. R. P., 605 U. S., at ___ ; Califano, 442
U. S., at 701 -- 703; see also ante, at 1 -- 2 (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.) (recognizing that lower courts, in some cir-
cumstances, can "award preliminary classwide relief that
may... be statewide, regionwide, or even nationwide").
For suits challenging policies as blatantly unlawful and
harmful as the Citizenship Order, moreover, lower courts
would be wise to act swiftly on such requests for relief and
to adjudicate the cases as quickly as they can so as to enable
this Court's prompt review.
* * *
The rule of law is not a given in this Nation, nor any
other. It is a precept of our democracy that will endure only
if those brave enough in every branch fight for its survival.
Today, the Court abdicates its vital role in that effort. With
the stroke of a pen, the President has made a "solemn mock-
ery" of our Constitution. Peters, 5 Cranch, at 136. Rather
than stand firm, the Court gives way. Because such com-
plicity should know no place in our system of law, I dissent.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24A884
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. CASA, INC., ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A885
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. WASHINGTON, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
_________________

No. 24A886
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR PARTIAL STAY
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting.
I agree with every word of JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's dissent.
I write separately to emphasize a key conceptual point: The
Court's decision to permit the Executive to violate the Con-
stitution with respect to anyone who has not yet sued is an
existential threat to the rule of law.
It is important to recognize that the Executive's bid to
vanquish so-called "universal injunctions" is, at bottom, a
request for this Court's permission to engage in unlawful
behavior. When the Government says "do not allow the
lower courts to enjoin executive action universally as a rem-
edy for unconstitutional conduct," what it is actually saying
2 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

is that the Executive wants to continue doing something
that a court has determined violates the Constitution -- 
please allow this. That is some solicitation. With its ruling
today, the majority largely grants the Government's wish.
But, in my view, if this country is going to persist as a Na-
tion of laws and not men, the Judiciary has no choice but to
deny it.
Stated simply, what it means to have a system of govern-
ment that is bounded by law is that everyone is constrained
by the law, no exceptions. And for that to actually happen,
courts must have the power to order everyone (including the
Executive) to follow the law -- full stop. To conclude other-
wise is to endorse the creation of a zone of lawlessness
within which the Executive has the prerogative to take or
leave the law as it wishes, and where individuals who would
otherwise be entitled to the law's protection become subject
to the Executive's whims instead.
The majority cannot deny that our Constitution was de-
signed to split the powers of a monarch between the govern-
ing branches to protect the People. Nor is it debatable that
the role of the Judiciary in our constitutional scheme is to
ensure fidelity to law. But these core values are strangely
absent from today's decision. Focusing on inapt compari-
sons to impotent English tribunals, the majority ignores the
Judiciary's foundational duty to uphold the Constitution
and laws of the United States. The majority's ruling thus
not only diverges from first principles, it is also profoundly
dangerous, since it gives the Executive the go-ahead to
sometimes wield the kind of unchecked, arbitrary power the
Founders crafted our Constitution to eradicate. The very
institution our founding charter charges with the duty to
ensure universal adherence to the law now requires judges
to shrug and turn their backs to intermittent lawlessness.
With deep disillusionment, I dissent.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I
To hear the majority tell it, this suit raises a mind-numb-
ingly technical query: Are universal injunctions "suffi-
ciently 'analogous' to the relief issued 'by the High Court of
Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution and the enactment of the original Judiciary Act' "
to fall within the equitable authority Congress granted fed-
eral courts in the Judiciary Act of 1789? Ante, at 6. But
that legalese is a smokescreen. It obscures a far more basic
question of enormous legal and practical significance: May
a federal court in the United States of America order the
Executive to follow the law?
A
To ask this question is to answer it. In a constitutional
Republic such as ours, a federal court has the power to or-
der the Executive to follow the law -- and it must. It is axi-
omatic that the Constitution of the United States and the
statutes that the People's representatives have enacted
govern in our system of government. Thus, everyone, from
the President on down, is bound by law. By duty and na-
ture, federal courts say what the law is (if there is a genuine
dispute), and require those who are subject to the law to
conform their behavior to what the law requires. This is
the essence of the rule of law.
Do not take my word for it. Venerated figures in our Na-
tion's history have repeatedly emphasized that "[t]he es-
sence of our free Government is 'leave to live by no man's
leave, underneath the law' -- to be governed by those imper-
sonal forces which we call law." Youngstown Sheet & Tube
Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (R. Jackson, J., con-
curring). "Our Government is fashioned to fulfill this con-
cept so far as humanly possible." Id., at 654 -- 655. Put dif-
ferently, the United States of America has " ' "a government
of laws and not of men." ' " Cooper v. Aaron, 
(1958) (Frankfurter, J., concurring) (Frankfurter, J.,
concurring in judgment)); see also, e.g., Mass. Const., pt. 1,
Art. XXX (1780), in 3 Federal and State Constitutions 1893
(F. Thorpe ed. 1909) (J. Adams); Marbury v. Madison, 1
Cranch 137, 163 (1803) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court);
United States v. Dickson, 15 Pet. 141, 162 (1841) (Story, J.,
for the Court).
That familiar adage is more than just mere " 'rhetorical
flourish.' " Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23. It is " 'the rejection in
positive terms of rule by fiat, whether by the fiat of govern-
mental or private power.' " Ibid. Indeed, "constitutionalism
has one essential quality: it is a legal limitation on govern-
ment; it is the antithesis of arbitrary rule; its opposite is
despotic government, the government of will instead of
law." C. McIlwain, Constitutionalism: Ancient and Modern
21 -- 22 (rev. ed. 1947); see also id., at 21 ("All constitutional
government is by definition limited government").
Those who birthed our Nation limited the power of gov-
ernment to preserve freedom. As they knew all too well,
"constant experience shows us that every man invested
with power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as
far as it will go." Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, in 38
Great Books of the Western World 69 (T. Nugent transl., R.
Hutchins ed. 1952). But the Founders reasoned that the
vice of human ambition could be channeled to prevent the
country from devolving into despotism -- ambition could be
"made to counteract ambition." The Federalist No. 51, p.
322 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (J. Madison). If there were, say,
a Constitution that divided power across institutions "in
such a manner as that each may be a check on the other,"
then it could be possible to establish Government by and for
the People and thus stave off autocracy. Ibid.; see also My-
ers v. United States, (1926) (Brandeis, J.,
dissenting) ("The doctrine of the separation of powers was
adopted by the Convention of 1787, not to promote effi-
ciency but to preclude the exercise of arbitrary power").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Through such separated institutions, power checks power.
See Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, at 69. Our system of
institutional checks thus exists for a reason: so that "the
private interest of every individual may be a sentinel over
the public rights." The Federalist No. 51, at 322.
B
The distribution of power between the Judiciary and the
Executive is of particular importance to the operation of a
society governed by law. Made up of " 'free, impartial, and
independent' " judges and justices, the Judiciary checks the
political branches of Government by explaining what the
law is and "securing obedience" with it. Mine Workers, 330
U. S., at 308, 312 (opinion of Frankfurter, J.); see Marbury,
1 Cranch, at 177. The federal courts were thus established
"not only to decide upon the controverted rights of the citi-
zens as against each other, but also upon rights in contro-
versy between them and the government." United States v.
Lee, (1882).
Quite unlike a rule-of-kings governing system, in a rule-
of-law regime, nearly "[e]very act of government may be
challenged by an appeal to law." Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23
(opinion of Frankfurter, J.). In this country, the Executive
does not stand above or outside of the law. Consequently,
when courts are called upon to adjudicate the lawfulness of
the actions of the other branches of Government, the Judi-
ciary plays "an essential part of the democratic process."
Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 312. Were it otherwise -- were
courts unable or unwilling to command the Government to
follow the law -- they would "sanctio[n] a tyranny" that has
no place in a country committed to "well-regulated liberty
and the protection of personal rights." Lee, 106 U. S., at
221. It is law -- and " 'Law alone' " -- that " 'saves a society
from being rent by internecine strife or ruled by mere brute
power however disguised.' " Cooper, 358 U. S., at 23 (quot-
ing Mine Workers, 330 U. S., at 308).
6 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The power to compel the Executive to follow the law is
particularly vital where the relevant law is the Constitu-
tion. When the Executive transgresses an Act of Congress,
there are mechanisms through which Congress can assert
its check against the Executive unilaterally -- such as, for
example, asserting the power of the purse. See K. Stith,
Congress' Power of the Purse, 97 Yale L. J. 1343, 1360
(1988) (describing Congress's ability to "regulat[e] execu-
tive branch activities by limitations on appropriations").
But when the Executive violates the Constitution, the only
recourse is the courts. Eliminate that check, and our gov-
ernment ceases to be one of "limited powers." Gregory v.
Ashcroft, (1991). After all, a limit that
"do[es] not confine the perso[n] on whom [it is] imposed" is
no limit at all. Marbury, 1 Cranch, at 176.1
II
With that background, we can now turn to this suit and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 These foundational separation-of-powers principles are, of course, the

doctrinal underpinnings of the observations I make in Parts II and III,
infra. If my point is "difficult to pin down," ante, at 22, that could be due
to the majority's myopic initial framing -- it casts today's emergency ap-
plications as being solely about the scope of judicial authority, while ig-
noring (or forgetting) the concomitant expansion of executive power that
results when the equitable remedial power of judges is needlessly re-
stricted. Or perhaps the culprit is the majority's threshold decision to
rest its holding solely on the Judiciary Act, ante, at 5, thereby facil-
itating its convenient sidestepping of the startling constitutional impli-
cations that follow from blanket limitations on the Judiciary's response
to the Executive's lawlessness. Whatever the source of the majority's
confusion, there is no question that its statutory holding restricting the
traditional equitable power of federal courts to craft a suitable remedy
for established (or likely) constitutional violations has significant rami-
fications for the separation of powers and for constitutional rights more
broadly. JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR thoroughly explains why restricting judges
in this manner is legally and historically unfounded. My goal is to high-
light the myriad ways in which the majority's newly minted no-univer-
sal-injunctions limitation also subverts core constitutional norms and is
fundamentally incompatible with the rule of law.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

focus on the ways in which the majority's ruling under-
mines our constitutional system. JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR has
laid out the relevant facts, see ante, at 9 -- 13 (dissenting
opinion), and I will not repeat what she has said. It suffices
for my purposes to reiterate that, before these applications
arrived here, three District Courts had concluded that Ex-
ecutive Order No. 14160 -- which attempts to alter the Con-
stitution's express conferral of citizenship on all who are
born in this Nation, Amdt. 14, -- likely violates the Con-
stitution. Those courts each thus enjoined the Executive
from enforcing that order anywhere, against anyone. See
763 F. Supp. 3d 723 (Md. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 
1153 (CA4); 765 F. Supp. 3d 1142 (WD Wash. 2025), appeal
pending, No. 25 -- 807 (CA9); Doe v. Trump, 766 F. Supp. 3d
266 (Mass. 2025), appeal pending, No. 25 -- 1170 (CA1).
Three Courts of Appeals then declined to upset these in-
junctions during the pendency of the Government's appeals.
See 2025 WL 654902 (CA4, Feb. 28, 2025); 2025 WL 553485
(CA9, Feb. 19, 2025); 131 F. 4th 27 (CA1 2025).
The majority now does what none of the lower courts that
have considered Executive Order No. 14160 would do: It al-
lows the Executive's constitutionally dubious mandate to go
into effect with respect to anyone who is not already a plain-
tiff in one of the existing legal actions. Notably, the Court
has not determined that any of the lower courts were wrong
about their conclusion that the executive order likely vio-
lates the Constitution -- the Executive has not asked us to
rule on the lawfulness of Executive Order No. 14160. But
the majority allows the Executive to implement this order
(which lower courts have so far uniformly declared likely
unconstitutional) nonetheless.
Given the critical role of the Judiciary in maintaining the
rule of law, see Part I, supra, it is odd, to say the least, that
the Court would grant the Executive's wish to be freed from
the constraints of law by prohibiting district courts from or-
dering complete compliance with the Constitution. But the
8 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

majority goes there. It holds that, even assuming that Ex-
ecutive Order No. 14160 violates the Constitution, federal
courts lack the power to prevent the Executive from contin-
uing to implement that unconstitutional directive.
As I understand the concern, in this clash over the respec-
tive powers of two coordinate branches of Government, the
majority sees a power grab -- but not by a presumably law-
less Executive choosing to act in a manner that flouts the
plain text of the Constitution. Instead, to the majority, the
power-hungry actors are... (wait for it)... the district
courts. See ante, at 1 (admonishing district courts for dar-
ing to "asser[t] the power" to order the Executive to follow
the law universally). In the majority's view, federal courts
only have the power to "afford the plaintiff complete relief "
in the cases brought before them; they can do nothing more.
Ante, at 16. And the majority thinks a so-called universal
injunction -- that is, a court order requiring the Executive to
follow the law across the board and not just with respect to
the plaintiff -- "grant[s] relief to nonparties." See ante, at 6 -- 
8. Therefore, the majority reasons, issuing such orders ex-
ceeds district courts' authority. See ante, at 21.
So many questions arise.2 The majority's analysis is fully
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Although I will not spend much space discussing it here, the major-

ity's primary premise -- that universal injunctions "grant relief to non-
parties" -- is suspect. When a court issues an injunction (universal or
otherwise), it does so via an order that governs the relationship between
the plaintiff and the defendant. Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 65(d). That order
provides the plaintiff with relief: If the plaintiff believes that the defend-
ant has violated the court's order, she may come back to court, injunction
in hand, and demand enforcement or compensation through the mecha-
nism of civil contempt. See Longshoremen v. Philadelphia Marine Trade
Assn., (1967) (recognizing that an "injunction" is "an eq-
uitable decree compelling obedience under the threat of contempt"). As
the majority recognizes, nonparties may benefit from an injunction a
court issues in a plaintiff 's case. See ante, at 16. But that does not mean
those incidental beneficiaries have received relief -- "the injunction's pro-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

interrogated, and countered, in JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's dis-
sent. My objective is to expose the core conceptual fallacy
underlying the majority's reasoning, which, to me, also
tends to demonstrate why, and how, today's ruling threat-
ens the rule of law.
The pillar upon which today's ruling rests is the major-
ity's contention that the remedial power of the federal
courts is limited to granting "complete relief " to the parties.
Ante, at 15 -- 16. And the majority's sole basis for that prop-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
tection" (i.e., the ability to seek contempt) "extends only to the suing
plaintiff." Ante, at 17.
An injunction prohibiting the Executive from acting unlawfully oper-
ates precisely the same way. Such an injunction may benefit nonparties
as a practical matter -- but only the named plaintiffs have the right to
return to the issuing court and seek contempt, if the Executive fails to
comply. See Gompers v. Bucks Stove & Range Co., -- 
445 (1911) ("Proceedings for civil contempt are between the original par-
ties"); Buckeye Coal & R. Co. v. Hocking Valley R. Co., -- 
49 (1925) (holding that a nonparty injured by the defendant's noncompli-
ance with an injunction could not enforce the injunction); cf. Blue Chip
Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores, (1975) ("[A] consent
decree is not enforceable directly or in collateral proceedings by those
who are not parties to it even though they were intended to be benefited
by it"). So, the majority's concern that universal injunctions inappropri-
ately grant "relief " to nonparties is incorrect. Nonparties may benefit
from an injunction, but only the plaintiff gets relief.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 71 is not to the contrary. Contra, ante,
at 15,. At most, that rule and the cases the majority cites suggest
that, in certain narrow circumstances, a nonparty for whose benefit an
injunction was issued may be able to go to the issuing court and seek
contempt. But "the precise contours of Rule 71... remain unclear,"
Beckett v. Air Line Pilots Assn., 995 F. 2d 280, 287 -- 288 (CADC 1993),
and courts have largely recognized that, to the extent nonparty enforce-
ment of an injunction is available, the nonparty must stand in a close
relationship to the plaintiff or have been specifically named in the in-
junction. See United States v. American Soc. of Composers, Authors, and
Publishers, 341 F. 2d 1003, 1008 (CA2 1965) (nonparty could not enforce
injunction where it was "not... named in the judgment" even though it
was "indirectly or economically benefited by the decree").
10 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

osition is the practice of the High Court of Chancery in Eng-
land. Ante, at 6 -- 7. But this cramped characterization of
the Judiciary's function is highly questionable when it
comes to suits against the Executive. That is, even if the
majority is correct that courts in England at the time of the
founding were so limited -- and I have my doubts, see ante,
at 18 -- 20 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting) -- why would courts in
our constitutional system be limited in the same way?
The Founders of the United States of America squarely
rejected a governing system in which the King ruled all, and
all others, including the courts, were his subordinates. In
our Constitution-centered system, the People are the rulers
and we have the rule of law. So, it makes little sense to look
to the relationship between English courts and the King for
guidance on the power of our Nation's Judiciary vis-à-vis its
Executive. See The Federalist No. 69, at 416 (A. Hamilton)
(explaining how the President differs from the King, includ-
ing because "[t]he person of the King of Great Britain is sa-
cred and inviolable; there is no constitutional tribunal to
which he is amenable"). Indeed, it is precisely because the
law constrains the Government in our system that the Ju-
diciary's assignment is so broad, per the Constitution. Fed-
eral courts entertain suits against the Government claim-
ing constitutional violations. Thus, the function of the
courts -- both in theory and in practice -- necessarily in-
cludes announcing what the law requires in such suits for
the benefit of all who are protected by the Constitution, not
merely doling out relief to injured private parties.
Put differently, the majority views the Judiciary's power
through an aperture that is much too small, leading it to
think that the only function of our courts is to provide "com-
plete relief " to private parties. Sure, federal courts do that,
and they do it well. But they also diligently maintain the
rule of law itself. When it comes to upholding the law, fed-
eral courts ensure that all comers -- i.e., everyone to whom
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

the law applies and over whom the court has personal ju-
risdiction (including and perhaps especially the Execu-
tive) -- know what the law is and, most important, follow it.3
III
Still, upon reading the Court's opinion, the majority's
foundational mistake in mischaracterizing the true scope
and nature of a federal court's power might seem only mar-
ginally impactful. Indeed, one might wonder: Why all the
fuss? After all, the majority recognizes that district courts
can still issue universal injunctions in some circumstances.
See ante, at 16 -- 18. It even acknowledges that the lower
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 No one is saying that the reasoning of a district court's opinion, on its

own, "has the legal force of a judgment," ante, at 22; of course it does not.
The real issue today's applications raise is whether district-court opin-
ions are entitled to respect while litigation over the lawfulness of the de-
fendant's conduct is ongoing. As I have explained, the majority's key
move is to start by assuming that the remedial power of federal courts is
quite narrow (i.e., it is only appropriately exercised to grant "complete
relief " to the parties). Ante, at 5 -- 11, 16. The majority forgets (or ignores)
that federal courts also make pronouncements of law and issue orders
compelling compliance if violations are identified. Then, having zeroed
in on solely the courts' plaintiff-specific-remedies function, the majority
unsurprisingly insists that a district court cannot respond to the Execu-
tive's decision to violate the law universally by issuing an order compel-
ling universal cessation of the Executive's unlawful behavior. This kind
of broad injunction is merely one tool in a judge's kit of remedial op-
tions -- one that is directly responsive to the court's duty to uphold the
law and the Executive's decision to consciously violate it -- and it is no
more or less binding than any of the district court's other determinations.
So, rather than disdainfully securing permission to disregard the district
court's opinion and continue engaging in unlawful conduct vis-à-vis any-
one who is not the plaintiff, an enjoined Executive that believes the dis-
trict court was wrong to conclude that its behavior is unlawful has a rule-
of-law-affirming response at the ready: It can seek expedited review of
the merits on appeal. District courts themselves also have the flexibility
to stay their injunctions pending appeal, if that is requested and the cir-
cumstances demand it. But rather than permit lower courts to adapt
their remedies to the particulars of a given case, the majority today ties
judges' hands, requiring them to acquiesce to executive lawlessness in
every situation.
12 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

courts may reimpose the same universal injunctions at is-
sue in these cases, if the courts find on remand that doing
so is necessary to provide complete relief to the named
plaintiffs. See ante, at 19. From the standpoint of out-
comes, that's all welcome news. But, as I explain below,
from the perspective of constitutional theory and actual
practice, disaster looms.
What I mean by this is that our rights-based legal system
can only function properly if the Executive, and everyone
else, is always bound by law. Today's decision is a seismic
shock to that foundational norm. Allowing the Executive to
violate the law at its prerogative with respect to anyone
who has not yet sued carves out a huge exception -- a gash
in the basic tenets of our founding charter that could turn
out to be a mortal wound. What is more, to me, requiring
courts themselves to provide the dagger (by giving their im-
primatur to the Executive Branch's intermittent lawless-
ness) makes a mockery of the Judiciary's solemn duty to
safeguard the rule of law.
A
Do remember: The Executive has not asked this Court to
determine whether Executive Order No. 14160 complies
with the Constitution. Rather, it has come to us seeking
the right to continue enforcing that order regardless -- i.e.,
even though six courts have now said the order is likely un-
constitutional. What the Executive wants, in effect, is for
this Court to bless and facilitate its desire to operate in two
different zones moving forward: one in which it is required
to follow the law (because a particular plaintiff has secured
a personal injunction prohibiting its unlawful conduct), and
another in which it can choose to violate the law with re-
spect to certain people (those who have yet to sue).
In the first zone, law reigns. For the named plaintiffs in
the suits before us, for example, the lower courts' determi-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

nation that Executive Order No. 14160 is likely unconstitu-
tional and cannot be implemented has teeth. Per the courts'
orders, the Executive is prohibited from denying citizenship
to the offspring of the named plaintiffs. See ante, at 26
(leaving the injunctions in place to the extent "necessary to
provide complete relief to each plaintiff with standing to
sue"). Within this zone, the courts' rule of decision -- that
Executive Order No. 14160 is likely unconstitutional -- ap-
plies.
But with its ruling today, the majority endorses the crea-
tion of a second zone -- one in which that rule of decision has
no effect. In this zone, which is populated by those who lack
the wherewithal or ability to go to court, all bets are off.
There is no court-issued mandate requiring the Executive
to honor birthright citizenship in compliance with the Con-
stitution, so the people within this zone are left to the pre-
rogatives of the Executive as to whether their constitutional
rights will be respected. It does not matter what six federal
courts have said about Executive Order No. 14160; those
courts are powerless to make the Executive stop enforcing
that order altogether. In effect, then, that powerlessness
creates a void that renders the Constitution's constraints
irrelevant to the Executive's actions. Of course, the Execu-
tive might choose to follow the law in this zone as well -- but
that is left to its discretion. And the Solicitor General has
now confirmed that, in the absence of a personal injunction
secured by a particular plaintiff, this Executive's view is
that compliance with lower court rulings on matters of con-
stitutional significance is optional.4
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Solicitor General said that quiet part out loud by baldly asserting

that the Executive reserves the right to defy Circuit precedent. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 33 -- 34, 60 -- 61. Although he further suggested that the admin-
istration would abide by precedent from this Court in future similar
cases, id., at 35, 63, even that seems to be a matter of prerogative, as
there is no inherent limit to the limited-scope-of-authority logic that un-
derlies today's holding, see ante, at 41 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). The
14 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I am not the first to observe that a legal system that op-
erates on two different tracks (one of which grants to the
Executive the prerogative to disregard the law) is anath-
ema to the rule of law.5 Thus, the law-free zone that results
from this Court's near elimination of universal injunctions
is not an unfamiliar archetype. Also eerily echoing history's
horrors is the fact that today's prerogative zone is unlikely
to impact the public in a randomly distributed manner.
Those in the good graces of the Executive have nothing to
fear; the new prerogative that the Executive has to act un-
lawfully will not be exercised with respect to them. Those
who accede to the Executive's demands, too, will be in the
clear. The wealthy and the well connected will have little
difficulty securing legal representation, going to court, and
obtaining injunctive relief in their own name if the Execu-
tive violates their rights.
Consequently, the zone of lawlessness the majority has
now authorized will disproportionately impact the poor, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Executive's less-than-sterling record of compliance with Supreme Court
rulings to date casts further doubt on this compliance claim; as JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR has explained, the Executive Order at issue here seems to
squarely violate at least one -- and perhaps five -- of our bedrock prece-
dents. See ante, at 7 -- 9 (dissenting opinion).
5 See E. Fraenkel, The Dual State, pp. xiii, 3, 71 (1941) (describing the

way in which the creation of a "Prerogative State" where the Executive
"exercises unlimited arbitrariness... unchecked by any legal guaran-
tees" is incompatible with the rule of law); see also J. Locke, Second Trea-
tise of Civil Government 13 (J. Gough ed. 1948) ("[F]reedom of men under
government is to have a standing rule to live by, common to every one of
that society... and not to be subject to the... arbitrary will of another
man"); The Federalist No. 26, p. 169 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (A. Hamilton)
(contrasting the monarch's "prerogative" with the emergence of "lib-
erty"); Myers v. United States, (1926) (Brandeis, J., dis-
senting) ("[P]rotection of the individual... from the arbitrary or capri-
cious exercise of power [is] an essential of free government"); Youngstown
Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (R. Jackson, J.,
concurring) (observing that our Constitution -- which embodies the rule
of law -- does not grant to the Executive the "prerogative exercised by
George III").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

uneducated, and the unpopular -- i.e., those who may not
have the wherewithal to lawyer up, and will all too often
find themselves beholden to the Executive's whims. This is
yet another crack in the foundation of the rule of law, which
requires "equality and justice in its application." Papa-
christou v. Jacksonville, (1972). In the
end, though, everyone will be affected, because it is law's
evenhanded application -- "to minorities as well as majori-
ties, to the poor as well as the rich" -- that "holds society to-
gether." Ibid.
The majority "skips over" these consequences. Ante, at
23. No one denies that the power of federal courts is lim-
ited -- both by the Constitution and by Congress. But the
majority seems to forget (or ignores) that the Constitution
and Congress also limit the power of the Executive. In ad-
dition, it is indisputable that the Executive's power to lev-
erage physical force in a manner that directly threatens to
deprive people of life, liberty, or property creates uniquely
harmful risks when unconstrained by law. But the majority
today roots its holding in a purported statutory limitation,
not a constitutional one. Ante, at 5,. And, as I have
explained, our Constitution gives federal courts the author-
ity to order the Executive to stop acting unlawfully. See
Part I, supra. To the extent Congress has attempted to
strip federal courts of that power via the Judiciary Act (and,
to be clear, I do not think it has, for the reasons JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR discusses, see ante, at 23 -- 31), it is powerless
to do so.
The bottom line is this: If courts do not have the authority
to require the Executive to adhere to law universally, a
dual-track system develops in which courts are ousted as
guardians in some situations and compliance with law
sometimes becomes a matter of executive prerogative. But
"[t]here can be no free society without law administered
through an independent judiciary." Mine Workers, 330
U. S., at 312 (opinion of Frankfurter, J.). "If one man" -- 
16 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

even a very important man, and even a democratically
elected man -- "can be allowed to determine for himself what
is law, every man can. That means first chaos, then tyr-
anny." Ibid.
B
This leads me to another potentially destructive aspect of
today's decision -- the Court's dismissive treatment of the
solemn duties and responsibilities of the lower courts.
Sworn judicial officers must now put on blinders and take
a see-no-evil stance with respect to harmful executive con-
duct, even though those same officials have already an-
nounced that such conduct is likely unconstitutional. Yes,
certain named plaintiffs have brought particular lawsuits
seeking protection of their legal rights. But their claim is
that Executive Order No. 14160 violates the Constitution.
If the court agrees with them, why on Earth must it permit
that unconstitutional government action to take effect at
all?
I have already explained why the majority's answer -- be-
cause the court is powerless to do anything but give "com-
plete relief " to those parties -- is wrong in terms of the ac-
tual scope of federal courts' authority. See Part I, supra. I
now observe that this response also erroneously suggests
that a court does something wrongful when it imposes a
universal injunction in a single plaintiff 's lawsuit -- akin to
giving a windfall to those who do not deserve the law's pro-
tection because they have not sued. Ante, at 8 -- 9, 12 -- 15.
This way of conceptualizing universal injunctions mistakes
that remedy for the unearned spoils of particular adversar-
ial engagements, rather than a necessary tool employed to
defend the Constitution by reinforcing pre-existing rights.
Here is what I mean. Our Constitution indisputably con-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

fers individual rights that operate as unequivocal protec-
tions against government action.6 Thus, a constrained Ex-
ecutive -- i.e., one who is bound by the Constitution not to
violate people's rights -- is a public benefit, guaranteed to all
from the start, without regard to the nature or existence of
any particular enforcement action.7 Properly understood,
then, when the Executive violates those pre-existing rights
in a nonparticularized manner, a universal injunction
merely restores what the People were always owed; that
remedy does not improperly distribute an unearned benefit
to those who did not have the temerity to secure it for them-
selves by filing a lawsuit.
Or consider it the other way: When a court is prevented
from enjoining the Executive universally after the Execu-
tive establishes a universal practice of stripping people's
constitutional rights, anyone who is entitled to the Consti-
tution's protection but will instead be subjected to the Ex-
ecutive's whims is improperly divested of their inheritance.
The Constitution is flipped on its head, for its promises are
essentially nullified.8 So, rather than having a governing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 See, e.g., Amdt. 1 (prohibiting the government from preventing the

"free exercise" of religion or "abridging the freedom of speech"); Amdt. 2
(prohibiting the government from infringing on the right "to keep and
bear Arms"); Amdt. 4 (prohibiting the government from conducting "un-
reasonable searches and seizures"); Amdt. 5 (prohibiting the government
from depriving persons of "life, liberty, or property, without due process
of law").
7 In this way of framing the issue, nonparties are more than mere "in-

cidental" beneficiaries of universal injunctions that require the Execu-
tive to respect constitutional rights. See, supra. Rather, the very
concept of constitutional rights makes the People intended beneficiaries
of the constraints that the Constitution imposes on executive action.
8 Again, the law binds the Executive from the outset in our constitu-

tional scheme, for the benefit of all. See Part I, supra. Thus, a lawsuit
is merely the vehicle that invokes the Judiciary's power to check the Ex-
ecutive by enforcing the law. The topsy-turvy scheme the majority cre-
ates today gets those well-established norms exactly backward: The law
disappears as an initial constraint on the Executive, and apparently only
18 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

system characterized by protected rights, the default be-
comes an Executive that can do whatever it wants to whom-
ever it wants, unless and until each affected individual af-
firmatively invokes the law's protection.
A concrete example helps to illustrate why this turnabout
undermines the rule of law. Imagine an Executive who is-
sues a blanket order that is blatantly unconstitutional -- de-
manding, say, that any and all of its political foes be sum-
marily and indefinitely incarcerated in a prison outside the
jurisdiction of the United States, without any hearing or
chance to be heard in court. Shortly after learning of this
edict, one such political rival rushes into court with his law-
yer, claims the Executive's order violates the Constitution,
and secures an injunction that prohibits the Executive from
enforcing that unconstitutional mandate. The upshot of to-
day's decision is that, despite that rival's success in per-
suading a judge of the unconstitutional nature of the Exec-
utive's proclamation, the court's ruling and injunction can
only require the Executive to shelve any no-process incar-
ceration plan that targets that particular individual (the
named plaintiff ); the Executive can keep right on rounding
up its other foes, despite the court's clear and unequivocal
pronouncement that the executive order is unlawful.
The majority today says that, unless and until the other
political rivals seek and secure their own personal injunc-
tions, the Executive can carry on acting unconstitutionally
with respect to each of them, as if the Constitution's due
process requirement does not exist. For those who get to
court in time, their right not to be indefinitely imprisoned
without due process will be protected. But if they are una-
ble to sue or get to the courthouse too late, the majority
says, oh well, there is nothing to be done, despite the fact

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
exists if a particular plaintiff files a particular lawsuit in a particular
court, claiming his (particular) entitlement.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

JACKSON, J., dissenting

that their detention without due process is plainly prohib-
ited by law.
A Martian arriving here from another planet would see
these circumstances and surely wonder: "what good is the
Constitution, then?" What, really, is this system for protect-
ing people's rights if it amounts to this -- placing the onus
on the victims to invoke the law's protection, and rendering
the very institution that has the singular function of ensur-
ing compliance with the Constitution powerless to prevent
the Government from violating it? "Those things Ameri-
cans call constitutional rights seem hardly worth the paper
they are written on!"
These observations are indictments, especially for a Na-
tion that prides itself on being fair and free. But, after to-
day, that is where we are. What the majority has done is
allow the Executive to nullify the statutory and constitu-
tional rights of the uncounseled, the underresourced, and
the unwary, by prohibiting the lower courts from ordering
the Executive to follow the law across the board. Moreover,
officers who have sworn an oath to uphold the law are now
required to allow the Executive to blatantly violate it. Fed-
eral judges pledge to support and defend the Constitution
of the United States against all enemies, foreign or domes-
tic. 5 U. S. C.. They do not agree to permit unconsti-
tutional behavior by the Executive (or anyone else). But the
majority forgets (or ignores) this duty, eagerly imposing a
limit on the power of courts that, in essence, prevents
judges from doing what their oaths require.9
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The majority highlights a number of policy concerns that some say

warrant restriction of the universal-injunction remedy. Ante, at 20 -- 21.
In my view, those downsides pale in comparison to the consequences of
forcing federal courts to acquiesce to executive lawlessness. Moreover,
and in any event, the various practical problems critics have identified
are largely overblown. For example, while many accuse universal in-
junctions of preventing percolation, the facts of this very suit demon-
strate otherwise: Three different District Courts each considered the
merits of Executive Order No. 14160, and appeals are now pending in
20 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I view the demise of the notion that a federal judge can
order the Executive to adhere to the Constitution -- full
stop -- as a sad day for America. The majority's unpersua-
sive effort to justify this result makes it sadder still. It is
the responsibility of each and every jurist to hold the line.
But the Court now requires judges to look the other way
after finding that the Executive is violating the law, shame-
fully permitting unlawful conduct to continue unabated.
Today's ruling thus surreptitiously stymies the Judici-
ary's core duty to protect and defend constitutional rights.
It does this indirectly, by preventing lower courts from tell-
ing the Executive that it has to stop engaging in conduct
that violates the Constitution. Instead, now, a court's
power to prevent constitutional violations comes with an
asterisk -- a court can make the Executive cease its uncon-
stitutional conduct *but only with respect to the particular
plaintiffs named in the lawsuit before them, leaving the Ex-
ecutive free to violate the constitutional rights of anyone
and everyone else.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
three Courts of Appeals. See supra, at 7. Other prudential concerns are
better addressed in more targeted ways, such as by changing venue rules
to prevent forum or judge shopping, or by encouraging lower courts to
expedite their review, thereby teeing the merits up for this Court as
quickly as possible.
That is not to say that universal injunctions can or should be issued in
every case; a court must always fit its remedy to the particular case be-
fore it, and those particulars may caution against issuing universal relief
in certain instances. See ante, at 22 -- 23 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). But
the Court today for the first time ever adopts a blanket authority-dimin-
ishing rule: It declares that courts do not have the power to exercise their
equitable discretion to order the Executive to completely cease acting
pursuant to an unlawful directive (unless doing so is necessary to provide
complete relief to a given plaintiff ). And, again, this very suit illustrates
why that bright line rule goes much too far. As JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR em-
phasizes, multiple courts have recognized that Executive Order No.
14160 is "patently unconstitutional under settled law," and those courts
thus issued the relief necessary to "protect newborns from the excep-
tional, irreparable harm associated with losing a foundational constitu-
tional right and its immediate benefits." Ibid.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

JACKSON, J., dissenting

* * *
Make no mistake: Today's ruling allows the Executive to
deny people rights that the Founders plainly wrote into our
Constitution, so long as those individuals have not found a
lawyer or asked a court in a particular manner to have their
rights protected. This perverse burden shifting cannot co-
exist with the rule of law. In essence, the Court has now
shoved lower court judges out of the way in cases where ex-
ecutive action is challenged, and has gifted the Executive
with the prerogative of sometimes disregarding the law. As
a result, the Judiciary -- the one institution that is solely re-
sponsible for ensuring our Republic endures as a Nation of
laws -- has put both our legal system, and our system of gov-
ernment, in grave jeopardy.
"The accretion of dangerous power does not come in a
day." Youngstown, 343 U. S., at 594 (opinion of Frankfur-
ter, J.). But "[i]t does come," "from the generative force of
unchecked disregard of the restrictions that fence in even
the most disinterested assertion of authority." Ibid. By
needlessly granting the Government's emergency applica-
tion to prohibit universal injunctions, the Court has cleared
a path for the Executive to choose law-free action at this
perilous moment for our Constitution -- right when the Ju-
diciary should be hunkering down to do all it can to preserve
the law's constraints. I have no doubt that, if judges must
allow the Executive to act unlawfully in some circum-
stances, as the Court concludes today, executive lawless-
ness will flourish, and from there, it is not difficult to pre-
dict how this all ends. Eventually, executive power will
become completely uncontainable, and our beloved consti-
tutional Republic will be no more.
Perhaps the degradation of our rule-of-law regime would
happen anyway. But this Court's complicity in the creation
of a culture of disdain for lower courts, their rulings, and
the law (as they interpret it) will surely hasten the downfall
22 TRUMP v. CASA, INC.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

of our governing institutions, enabling our collective de-
mise. At the very least, I lament that the majority is so
caught up in minutiae of the Government's self-serving, fin-
ger-pointing arguments that it misses the plot. The major-
ity forgets (or ignores) that "[w]ith all its defects, delays and
inconveniences, men have discovered no technique for long
preserving free government except that the Executive be
under the law, and that the law be made by parliamentary
deliberations." Id., at 655 (opinion of R. Jackson, J.). Trag-
ically, the majority also shuns this prescient warning: Even
if "[s]uch institutions may be destined to pass away," "it is
the duty of the Court to be last, not first, to give them up."
Ibid.

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
A criminal sentence may include both time in prison and
a term of supervised release. 18 U. S. C.. Super-
vised release comes with conditions -- for instance, the de-
fendant must refrain from committing another crime.. If the defendant violates one of these conditions,
then the district court may revoke the term of supervised
release and require reimprisonment. But a court may do so
only "after considering" an enumerated list of sentencing
factors: those "set forth in section 3553(a)(1), (a)(2)(B),
(a)(2)(C), (a)(2)(D), (a)(4), (a)(5), (a)(6), and (a)(7).".
Conspicuously missing from this list is (2)(A),
which directs a district court to consider "the need for the
sentence imposed" "to reflect the seriousness of the offense,
to promote respect for the law, and to provide just punish-
ment for the offense." The Sixth Circuit held that a district
court may consider that factor nonetheless.
2 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

We disagree. Congress's decision to enumerate most of
the sentencing factors while omitting (2)(A) raises
a strong inference that courts may not consider that factor
when deciding whether to revoke a term of supervised re-
lease. This inference is consistent with both the statutory
structure and the role that supervised release plays in the
sentencing process. Accordingly, we vacate the judgments
of the Sixth Circuit and remand for further proceedings.
I
In 2018, Edgardo Esteras pleaded guilty to conspiring to
distribute heroin. Varying downward from the 15-to-21-
month sentencing range, the District Court sentenced him
to 12 months in prison, to be followed by a 6-year term of
supervised release.
When Esteras completed his term of imprisonment, his
period of supervised release began. Three years in, the pro-
bation office notified the District Court that Esteras had
been arrested. According to the mother of his children,
Esteras had threatened to kill her and had fired three
rounds into her vehicle. Esteras was charged in municipal
court with domestic violence, aggravated menacing, and
criminal damaging, although the charges were ultimately
dismissed at the request of the victim.
The District Court held a revocation hearing, at which it
found that Esteras had violated the conditions of his super-
vised release. The District Court remarked that Esteras
was "no stranger to law violations and no stranger to fed-
eral court" and that his previous drug sentences had been
"rather lenient." App. 96a. The District Court revoked his
supervised release and ordered 24 months of reimprison-
ment, an upward variation from the advisory 6-to-12-month
range, with three more years of supervised release to follow.
At this point, Esteras's counsel objected, arguing that the
District Court had impermissibly considered "the factor in
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

Section 3553(a)(2)(A)." Id., at 105a. While Esteras's coun-
sel lodged his objection for the record, he recognized that
Sixth Circuit precedent allows district courts to consider
(2)(A) when revoking a term of supervised release.
See United States v. Lewis, 498 F. 3d 393, 399 -- 400 (2007).
The District Court in turn acknowledged that part of its de-
cision "certainly [was] the need for the sentence imposed, to
promote respect for the law." App. 105a. In a subsequent
written order, the District Court explained that it had "con-
sidered the factors and conditions for sentencing listed in
18 U. S. C. " and had imposed the term of reimpris-
onment in part to "promote respect for the law." Id., at
115a -- 116a.
The Sixth Circuit affirmed, providing two justifications
for its view that district courts may consider (2)(A)
when revoking a term of supervised release. See 88 F. 4th
1163 (2023). First, does not say "that the court
may consider 'only' those factors" specifically enumerated,
so there was no indication that Congress meant to displace
the "considerable discretion" that district courts typically
enjoy "over supervised-release decisions." Id., at 1167. Sec-
ond, a rule prohibiting district courts from considering
(2)(A) would be unworkable. As the panel saw it,
"the purportedly forbidden considerations mentioned in
(2)(A) tend to be 'essentially redundant' with the
permitted ones," so "[t]o think about the one requires the
judge to think about the other." Ibid..
The circuits are divided as to whether district courts may
consider (2)(A) when revoking a term of supervised
release.1 We granted certiorari to resolve this split. 604
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In addition to the Sixth Circuit, the First, Second, and Third Circuits

have held that district courts may consider (2)(A). See United
States v. Vargas-Dávila, 649 F. 3d 129, 131 -- 132 (CA1 2011); United
States v. Williams, 443 F. 3d 35, 47 -- 48 (CA2 2006); United States v.
Young, 634 F. 3d 233, 238 -- 242 (CA3 2011). By contrast, the Fourth,
4 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

U. S. ___ (2024).2
II
A
When a district court sentences a federal defendant, the
judge may impose a term of imprisonment, a term of proba-
tion, or a fine. See. In determining the appropri-
ate sentence, the court must consider certain factors set
forth in. Some are obvious: The court must con-
sider "the nature and circumstances of the offense," "the
history and characteristics of the defendant," and "the
kinds of sentences available." (1), (3). Others re-
quire courts to consider guidelines or policies issued by the
Sentencing Commission. (4) -- (5). And still others
reflect discrete policy aims, such as "the need to avoid un-
warranted sentence disparities" among similarly situated
defendants and "the need to provide restitution to any vic-
tims of the offense." (6) -- (7).
While all these factors are important, (2) cap-
tures the traditional heartland of criminal sentencing. It
requires courts to consider:

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Ninth, and Tenth Circuits have held that a court may not consider
(2)(A). See United States v. Crudup, 461 F. 3d 433, 439 (CA4
2006); United States v. Miqbel, 444 F. 3d 1173, 1182 (CA9 2006); United
States v. Booker, 63 F. 4th 1254, 1259 -- 1260 (CA10 2023). The Fifth and
Seventh Circuits have taken intermediate positions. See United States
v. Sanchez, 900 F. 3d 678, 684, and (CA5 2011) (while (2)(A)
is an impermissible factor for a district court to consider, "the forbidden
factor must be 'dominant' " to constitute reversible error); United States
v. Clay, 752 F. 3d 1106, 1108 -- 1109 (CA7 2014) (allowing consideration
of (2)(A) if the district court "relies primarily" on the enumerated
factors).
2 Timothy Jaimez and Toriano Leaks joined Esteras's petition for cer-

tiorari. Jaimez and Leaks, like Esteras, argued that the District Courts
in their revocation proceedings had improperly considered
(2)(A). The Sixth Circuit held that these arguments were fore-
closed by Esteras and Lewis. See United States v. Jaimez, 95 F. 4th 1004,
1007 (2024); United States v. Leaks, 2024 WL 2196795, *1 (Mar. 6, 2024).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

"the need for the sentence imposed -- 
"(A) to reflect the seriousness of the offense, to pro-
mote respect for the law, and to provide just punish-
ment for the offense;
"(B) to afford adequate deterrence to criminal con-
duct;
"(C) to protect the public from further crimes of the
defendant; and
"(D) to provide the defendant with needed educa-
tional or vocational training, medical care, or other cor-
rectional treatment in the most effective manner."
"These four considerations -- retribution, deterrence, inca-
pacitation, and rehabilitation -- are the four purposes of
sentencing generally." Tapia v. United States, (2011). They speak to the questions at the core of
any system of criminal justice: What sentence does the de-
fendant deserve? What sentence will deter criminal con-
duct in the future? What sentence will protect the public?
And what sentence is most likely to help the defendant re-
habilitate for transition back into society?
A judge who imposes a term of imprisonment may -- and
sometimes must -- impose a postimprisonment term of su-
pervised release.. "Supervised release is 'a form
of postconfinement monitoring' that permits a defendant a
kind of conditional liberty by allowing him to serve part of
his sentence outside of prison," subject to conditions on his
behavior. Mont v. United States, (2019)
). Some conditions are mandatory, such as requiring
that the defendant not commit additional crimes and, in
most cases, that the defendant submit to drug testing.. Others are up to the discretion of the court. Ibid.
When a court "determin[es] whether to include a term of
supervised release," as well as the length and conditions of
such a term, it must "consider the factors set forth in section
6 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

3553(a)(1), (a)(2)(B), (a)(2)(C), (a)(2)(D), (a)(4), (a)(5), (a)(6),
and (a)(7).". Only two of the factors are
absent from this list. The first is (2)(A), which re-
quires the court to consider the need for the sentence im-
posed to "reflect the seriousness of the offense, to promote
respect for the law, and to provide just punishment for the
offense," i.e., the retributive purposes of sentencing. The
second is (3), which requires the court to consider
"the kinds of sentences available." When a court decides
whether to revoke a defendant's supervised release, the very
same subset of factors -- that is, all but two -- ap-
plies. (3).3
The reason for excluding (3) from the list is self-
evident: When a district court decides whether to revoke a
term of supervised release, there is no need to consider "the
kinds of sentences available," because supervised release is
the only matter at issue.4 The exclusion of (2)(A) is

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The same list of factors also applies when a district court modifies the

terms of supervised release, such as by terminating supervised release
early, by extending the term of supervised release, or by altering the con-
ditions of supervised release. (1) -- (2), (4).
4 The dissent offers a different view of (3). In its view, the ter-

mination, extension, modification, and revocation of supervised release
are all different "kinds of " sentences. Post, at 7 -- 8 (opinion of ALITO, J.).
The Government never makes this argument -- and for good reason. To
begin, it is textually implausible. As the statute articulates, there are
three "kinds of sentences available" for an individual "found guilty of an
offense": "a term of probation," "a fine," and "a term of imprisonment."
(1) -- (3); (3). In fact, a term of supervised release is not
itself a "sentence" at all; it is a component of a defendant's prison sen-
tence. See ("The court, in imposing a sentence to a term of im-
prisonment..., may include as a part of the sentence a requirement that
the defendant be placed on a term of supervised release after imprison-
ment" ). Thus, to the extent the dissent thinks that the
termination, extension, modification, and revocation of supervised re-
lease are different "kinds of sentences available" to the court, it is mis-
taken. (3).
The dissent's interpretation is perplexing for another reason too: It
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

more significant -- and here, controversial. Esteras argues
that district courts cannot consider the retributive purpose
articulated in (2)(A) when revoking supervised re-
lease. The Government insists that courts can consider it,
although they are not required to do so.
B
To see what is at stake, keep in mind that (2)(A)
does not speak of retribution generally -- it references the
need for the sentence "to reflect the seriousness of the of-
fense" and to "provide just punishment for the offense."
(Emphasis added.) In the context of a revocation hearing,
the "offense" is the underlying crime of conviction, not the
violation of the supervised-release conditions. The opening
provision of Title 18's sentencing chapter clearly uses "of-
fense" to refer to a criminal conviction. See (stat-
ing that the sentencing provisions apply to "a defendant
who has been found guilty of an offense described in any
Federal statute"). Yet conduct that constitutes a violation
of supervised release "need not be criminal." Johnson, 529
U. S., at 700; see, e.g., (3) (mandating revocation
when a defendant fails to comply with drug testing imposed
as a condition of release). Furthermore, neighboring provi-
sions in consistently use the word "offense" to refer
to the defendant's original crime of conviction, while using
the word "violation" to refer to the conduct that triggers rev-
ocation. Compare (3) (referencing the "offense that
resulted in the term of supervised release"); ("the
offense that resulted in the original term of supervised re-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
treats Congress's omission of (3) from the set of factors that gov-
ern revocation proceedings as nothing more than an inexplicable drafting
error; under its view, not only may district courts consider (3),
they must do so. See post, at 7 (a judge "must consider exactly what is
set out in (3)"). Silence is an unusual way to convey such an
instruction.
8 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

lease"), with (3) (referencing a "violation of a con-
dition of supervised release"); (same).5
So the question is this: In determining whether to revoke
a defendant's term of supervised release (per ), may
a district court account for the need to exact retribution for
the defendant's underlying crime (per (2)(A))?
Esteras says no; the Government says yes.
III
A
We agree with Esteras: District courts cannot consider
(2)(A) when revoking supervised release. This con-
clusion follows directly from the application of a well-
established canon of statutory interpretation: "expressio
unius est exclusio alterius" -- in plain English, " 'expressing
one item of [an] associated group or series excludes another
left unmentioned.' " Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Echazabal, (2002) ; alteration in original). Here, lays
out 10 factors that inform a district court's sentencing deci-
sion.6 Section 3583(e) provides that a district court may re-
voke a term of supervised release "after considering" 8 of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Because (2)(A) speaks only to the "offense," and "offense"

here can mean only the underlying criminal conviction, we address only
whether precludes the court from considering retribution for the
underlying criminal conviction. "Offense" aside, the Government argues
that (4)(B) and (5) authorize courts to consider policy
statements issued by the Sentencing Commission that sound in retribu-
tion for the violation of the conditions of the supervised release. See Brief
for United States 11, 34; (requiring courts to consider
(4) and (5)). The Commission has adopted the view that
"the sentence imposed upon revocation [is] intended to sanction the vio-
lator for failing to abide by the conditions of the court-ordered supervi-
sion." United States Sentencing Commission, Guidelines Manual ch. 7,
pt. A, intro. 3(b) (Nov. 2024); see also ibid. (in revocation proceedings, a
court may "sanction" an offender's "breach of trust"). We take no position
on whether this is a permissible consideration.
6 For those counting: the six factors enumerated in (1), (3),
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

these 10 factors. The natural implication is that Congress
did not intend for courts to consider the other two factors,
(2)(A) and (3). Indeed, the expressio unius
canon has particular force here because the sen-
tencing factors constitute an "established series," such that
any "omission" from that series necessarily "bespeaks a
negative implication." Chevron U. S. A. Inc., 536 U. S., at
81. And the fact that Congress included almost the entire
list makes the exclusion of (2)(A) and (3)
all the more glaring.
The statutory structure confirms this negative inference.
Neighboring provisions that govern the imposition and rev-
ocation of sentences other than supervised release instruct
the court to consider all the factors in. For in-
stance, when imposing a term of probation, the court "shall
consider the factors set forth in to the extent that
they are applicable.". And the court may revoke
such a term "after considering the factors set forth in sec-
tion 3553(a)." ; see also (same for imposi-
tion of term of imprisonment); (same for imposi-
tion of a fine). So for supervised release -- and for
supervised release only -- Congress omitted (2)(A).
This, we think, is a distinction with a difference. After all,
our task is to "give effect to, not nullify Congress' choice to
include" that factor "in some provisions but not others."
Gallardo v. Marstiller, (2022).
Congress's decision to exclude retribution from the calcu-
lus also comports with the role of supervised release in our
current criminal justice scheme. Fines, probation, and im-
prisonment are a court's primary tools for ensuring that a
criminal defendant receives just deserts for the original of-
fense. Supervised release, by contrast, "is not a punish-
ment in lieu of incarceration." United States v. Granderson,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
(4), (5), (6), and (7), plus the four factors separately enumerated in
(2)(A) -- (D).
10 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

(1994). Rather, it "fulfills rehabilitative
ends" and "provides individuals with postconfinement as-
sistance." United States v. Johnson, -- 60
(2000). So when a defendant violates the conditions of his
supervised release, it makes sense that a court must con-
sider the forward-looking ends of sentencing (deterrence,
incapacitation, and rehabilitation), but may not consider
the backward-looking purpose of retribution.
Finally, our conclusion is consistent with this Court's
precedent. We have twice interpreted the omission of
(2)(A) from the provision governing the imposition
of supervised release to mean that district courts
may not consider that factor when imposing supervised re-
lease. In Tapia, we stated that, "when imposing a term of
supervised release," "a court may not take account of retri-
bution (the first purpose listed in (2))." 564 U. S.,
at 326.7 So too, in Concepcion v. United States, we re-
marked that "in determining whether to include a term of
supervised release, and the length of any such term, Con-
gress has expressly precluded district courts from consider-
ing the need for retribution." (2022). Alt-
hough Tapia and Concepcion both deal with the imposition
of supervised release under, the same reasoning
applies to the revocation of supervised release under
: The omission of (2)(A) from the list of fac-
tors means that courts may not consider it.
Text, structure, and precedent all point in the same di-
rection: Congress's decision to exclude (2)(A) from
's list of sentencing factors means that district
courts cannot consider (2)(A) when deciding
whether to revoke supervised release.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 The dissent suggests that when we said that " 'a court may not take

account of retribution,' " we may have actually meant that "a judge, as a
matter of discretion, may choose not to take retribution into account."
Post, at 14. We leave it to the reader to judge whether this is a plausible
interpretation.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

B
We are unpersuaded by the Government's and the dis-
sent's counterarguments. First, the Government and the
dissent read the exclusion of (2)(A) as supporting a
different inference -- namely, that a district court must con-
sider the enumerated factors but need not consider the un-
enumerated ones, such as (2)(A). Because "sen-
tencing judges 'enjo[y] discretion in the sort of information
they may consider,' " the Government argues, Congress
would have used more explicit language had it wanted to
foreclose courts from considering retribution when revoking
supervised release. Concepcion, 597 U. S., at 491 ; alteration in
original). For example, Congress could have said that
courts may revoke supervised release "after considering
only" the enumerated factors. Brief for United States 23;
see also post, at 4 -- 6 (ALITO, J., dissenting).
When interpretive disputes arise, it is easy to imagine
how Congress could have drafted the statute to avoid them.
But Congress cannot anticipate (much less account for)
every future statutory skirmish -- and even if it could,
courts have no authority to hold Congress to a "perfect as
we see it" standard of drafting. On the contrary, we have
"routinely construed statutes to have a particular meaning"
even when "Congress could have expressed itself more
clearly." Luna Torres v. Lynch, (2016).
What Congress said here gets its point across just fine: The
itemized list in is exhaustive. As we explained, the
provision allows district courts to consider all but two of the
factors, and because one is inapplicable in this con-
text ((3)), (2)(A) is the only consequential
omission. So it makes sense to read as supplying
the universe of factors that the district court can consider.
And while the Government is right that district courts gen-
erally enjoy discretion over sentencing, see Brief for United
States 21 -- 22, Congress chose to limit that discretion here.
12 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

It makes much less sense to read as the Govern-
ment does -- that is, as listing only the factors that a court
must consider, while leaving room for the court to consider
an additional factor if it so chooses. This reading of 
trivializes the omission of (2)(A). After all, on the
Government's view, a court may "consider" an enumerated
factor but give it no weight. Tr. of Oral Arg. 61. The differ-
ence between saying that a court must consider a given fac-
tor (but may give it no weight) and saying that a court may
consider a given factor (if the court chooses) is negligible.
Why would Congress have bothered to exclude
(2)(A) from the list?
The dissent has no response to this point, so it instead
analogizes to different -- and inapposite -- contexts. For ex-
ample, the dissent says, suppose that a law clerk is directed
to complete a certain number of bench memos before a
deadline; surely that instruction would not carry the infer-
ence that the law clerk may not complete more work too.
Post, at 5. But the important difference between that con-
text and this one is that sentencing considerations, unlike
bench memos, can be zero sum: Adding a new consideration
to the mix reduces the role that the enumerated considera-
tions play. In fact, the new consideration might lead to a
different result altogether.
A play on the dissent's own analogy reveals its weak-
nesses. Imagine that a judge tells her hypothetical law
clerk to prepare a bench memo with a recommendation
formed "after considering" statutory text, context, and
structure, as well as any relevant precedent. Having looked
at these sources, the law clerk is inclined to recommend
that the judge reverse the court below. But the law clerk
decides to look elsewhere -- say, to social science studies -- 
and she uses these sources to inform her recommendation.
In the end, she submits a memo recommending that the
judge vote to affirm the lower court's decision. According to
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

the dissent, the law clerk has obeyed her boss's instruc-
tions. Needless to say, we disagree.
More to the point, the dissent never explains why Con-
gress omitted (2)(A) from the list of considerations
applicable to a revocation proceeding. After all, in the dis-
sent's view, district courts will almost inevitably consider
that factor. See post, at 3 -- 4, 8 -- 11, 12 -- 13,. So why did
Congress exclude it? In the dissent's view, the omission is
just hortatory: "Congress may have sought to encourage
sentencing courts to give greater weight to the remaining
purposes of sentencing." Post, at 12 -- 13,.8 But omitting
consideration of (2)(A) altogether would be an odd
way of accomplishing that very limited goal. And one need
not "live in a world of airy abstractions," post, at 1, to rec-
ognize that Congress's drafting decisions have significance.
Next, the Government and the dissent argue that
Esteras's reading of (2)(A) is unworkable, because
consideration of the other enumerated factors will neces-
sarily imply consideration of the retributive principles cap-
tured by (2)(A). The Government relies primarily
on (1), which references "the nature and circum-
stances of the offense." How, the Government asks, is a
court to consider the nature and circumstances of the of-
fense without also considering the "need for the sentence
imposed" "to reflect the seriousness of the offense, to pro-
mote respect for the law, and to provide just punishment for
the offense"? (2)(A).
The answer is straightforward. A court may consider the

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 Alternatively, the dissent posits that Congress may have understood

each of the three (2)(A) factors to "apply in some, though not all,
hearings regarding the alteration of supervised release." Post, at 12 -- 13,. Which hearings make the cut? Frankly, we are not sure. Some
parts of the dissent's lengthy footnote suggest all; others suggest none;
and still others suggest that it "depends on context." Ibid. In our view,
however, "[t]he Sentencing Reform Act does not place district judges in
such a predicament." Post, at 1 -- 2.
14 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

nature and circumstances of the offense as relevant for the
considerations set forth in (2)(B), (C), and (D) -- 
namely, deterrence, incapacitation, and rehabilitation -- but
a court cannot consider the nature and circumstances of the
offense as relevant to (2)(A)'s retributive focus. For
instance, if the defendant's original offense was particularly
violent, that fact might inform the court's judgment as to
whether revocation is necessary "to protect the public from
further crimes of the defendant." (2)(C). But the
court could not revoke based on the view that, given the vi-
olent nature of the underlying offense, the defendant de-
serves additional punishment.9
The dissent, for its part, argues that we are simply wrong
to understand (2)(A) as synonymous with retribu-
tion. Post, at 8 -- 11. Under the dissent's view,
(2)(A) serves an extensive (if amorphous) role: The
phrase " 'to promote respect for the law' " encompasses "the
whole point of deterrence," while the reference to the " 'seri-
ousness of the offense' " invokes the "heightened need for
deterrence and incapacitation." Post, at 8 -- 9. But this ap-
proach renders (2)(A) largely duplicative of the
clear references to deterrence, incapacitation, and rehabili-
tation that follow in (2)(B), (C), and (D). Recall,
too, that there are four traditional purposes of sentencing.
Given that (2)(B), (C), and(D) set forth three of
these purposes, it is no wonder that (2)(A) provides
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The dissent suggests that this will be an impossible task for district

courts. See post, at 1 (Courts must "engage in mind-bending exercises");
post, at 10 (They must "probe their mental processes to ensure that no
thoughts of retribution entered in"); post, at 11 (We require a "soul-
searching obligation"). Not so. We routinely require judges and juries to
attend to some considerations while ignoring others. See, e.g., Samia v.
United States, (2023) ("Evidence at trial is often ad-
mitted for a limited purpose, accompanied by a limiting instruction," and
"our legal system presumes that jurors will ' "attend closely the particu-
lar language of [such] instructions in a criminal case and strive to under-
stand, make sense of, and follow" ' them" ).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

the fourth. Not to mention that the provision speaks in re-
tributive terms: the "seriousness of the offense," the need
"to promote respect for the law," and, in particular, the need
"to provide just punishment for the offense."
(2)(A). In any event, we say nothing about the
meaning of (2)(A) today that we have not already
said before. See Tapia, 564 U. S., at 326 ("retribution" is
"the first purpose listed in (2)"); Concepcion, 597
U. S., at 494.
Finally, the Government suggests that, which
mandates revocation in certain circumstances, undermines
Esteras's interpretation of the statute. Section 3583(g) does
not specify which factors apply when a court determines the
length of the defendant's postrevocation term of imprison-
ment.10 So, the Government reasons, reimprisonment un-
der must be subject to the general rule for prison
sentences articulated in, and that provision di-
rects courts to the full list of factors. It would be
anomalous, the Government says, if a district court could
consider retribution as part of a mandatory revocation un-
der but not as part of a discretionary revocation
under (3). Esteras, for his part, argues for con-
sistency in the other direction: He argues that 's
abbreviated list governs in both contexts.
We need not resolve the dispute because it does not affect
our analysis. To begin, the Government's reading of
does not solve the problem that the Government
has identified. As the Government sees it, if revocation is
discretionary and thus governed by, the court may
consider (2)(A), but if revocation is mandatory and
thus governed by, the court must consider
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 Section 3583(g) states that, if the defendant violates certain condi-

tions of supervised release, "the court shall revoke the term of supervised
release and require the defendant to serve a term of imprisonment not
to exceed the maximum term of imprisonment authorized under subsec-
tion (e)(3)." (Emphasis added.)
16 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

(2)(A). So while the Government says that it would
be "highly anomalous to have different regimes for deter-
mining the length of prison terms under Sections 3583(e)(3)
and 3583(g)," that anomaly persists under the Govern-
ment's own reading of the statute. Brief for United States
26. In any event, that might operate differently
from is not reason to disregard 's plain
meaning.
IV
At oral argument, the Government expressed concern
that it would be difficult for appellate courts to determine
whether a district court has impermissibly relied on
(2)(A). See Tr. of Oral Arg. 49 -- 50. So we conclude
with a few observations about appellate review.
Much will turn on whether the defendant objects. If the
defendant does not make the district court aware that it
may be impermissibly relying on (2)(A), then the
defendant's appeal will be governed by plain-error review.
See Fed. Rule Crim. Proc. 52(b). In that event, the district
court's order revoking supervised release and requiring re-
imprisonment will be affirmed unless it is " 'clear' " or " 'ob-
vious' " that the district court actually relied on
(2)(A) -- because it did so either expressly or by un-
mistakable implication. United States v. Olano, (1993).
If the defendant does object to the district court's reliance
on (2)(A), we anticipate that the district court will
recognize its potential error and clarify its revocation deci-
sion to make clear that it is not taking account of
(2)(A). For example, the district court could with-
draw any impermissible justification or explain that a stray
reference to a (2)(A) factor was intended to bear on
another factor or merely prefatory. If the court
nonetheless considers the need to exact retribution for the
defendant's original criminal offense, and if the error was
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

not harmless, then the court of appeals should vacate the
court's order and remand for the court to apply the correct
standard. See Fed. Rule Crim. Proc. 52(a).
This does not mean, as the Government suggests, that
our reading of amounts to a "substance-free re-
verse magic-words requirement." Brief for United States
37. The Government conflates the proper interpretation of
with an appellate court's ability to enforce that in-
terpretation. The "requirement" here is very much sub-
stantive: District courts may not consider the retributive
purpose of (2)(A) before revoking supervised re-
lease. We trust that district courts will heed that instruc-
tion regardless of the practical likelihood of reversal.11
* * *
District courts may revoke a term of supervised release
after considering the factors enumerated in. Be-
cause (2)(A) is excluded from that list, district
courts may not consider it. The judgments of the Sixth Cir-
cuit are vacated, and the cases are remanded for further
proceedings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 The dissent takes a curious tack here. It suggests that we lack the

courage of our convictions because we explain that defendants bear the
burden of preserving objections, that district courts will generally comply
with the law once an objection is raised, and that plain-error review ap-
plies to unpreserved claims. See post, at 18 -- 19. But there is nothing
"remarkable" about our explanation, which simply articulates orthodox
principles of party presentation and appellate review. Post, at 18. And
it is surprising that the dissent opens its discussion by suggesting that
we are insufficiently attuned to "the practical effec[t] of [our] holdin[g],"
post, at 1, yet closes by complaining that we are overly sensitive to its
consequences, post, at 18 -- 19.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 7483
_________________

EDGARDO ESTERAS, PETITIONER v.
UNITED STATES
TIMOTHY MICHAEL JAIMEZ, FKA TIMOTHY M.
WATTERS, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
TORIANO A. LEAKS, JR., PETITIONER v.
UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE JACKSON joins,
concurring in part and concurring in the judgment.
I join all but Part II -- B of the Court's opinion. I agree that
district courts may not rely on the retributive sentencing
factor set forth in 18 U. S. C. (2)(A) to revoke su-
pervised release. In my view, however, district courts re-
voking a term of supervised release should not consider ret-
ribution for any purpose.
The question in these cases is whether, despite Con-
gress's omission in the supervised-release statute of any
reference to retribution, courts may consider retribution
when they decide whether to revoke a term of supervised
release. The answer is no. In specifying the factors courts
should consider before revoking a term of supervised re-
lease, Congress cross-referenced eight out of the ten famil-
iar factors, including three of the four purposes of
sentencing: deterrence, incapacitation, and rehabilitation.
"Conspicuously missing" from the supervised-release stat-
ute, however, "is (2)(A)," which describes the re-
2 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.

tributive purpose of punishment. Ante, at 1. The straight-
forward inference, as we have said twice before, is that
"Congress has expressly precluded district courts from con-
sidering the need for retribution" in supervised release pro-
ceedings. Concepcion v. United States, 
(2022); see also Tapia v. United States, 
(2011). That resolves this case.
The majority approaches the question differently. "In the
context of a revocation hearing," it reasons, the word " 'of-
fense' " in (2)(A) refers to "the underlying crime of
conviction, not the violation of the supervised-release con-
ditions." Ante, at 7. So (the majority continues) by exclud-
ing (2)(A) from the supervised-release statute,
Congress precluded courts from accounting "for the need to
exact retribution for the defendant's underlying crime."
Ante, at 8.
The problem with that framing is that it relies on an in-
terpretive question with no clear answer. The term "of-
fense" in (2)(A) has no meaning "[i]n the context of
a revocation hearing," because the supervised-release stat-
ute contains no reference to (2)(A) or its directive
to "provide just punishment for the offense." Cf. ante, at 7.
At most, then, the majority could ask what Congress would
have meant by "offense" if it had included a reference to
(2)(A) in this statute. Yet such speculation is un-
necessary to resolve this case. Congress studiously omitted
all reference to retribution from the supervised-release
statute, so retribution should play no role in revocation
hearings.
Because the majority frames the question as one about
retribution for the original offense, it never decides whether
the supervised-release statute precludes courts from exact-
ing retribution for the defendant's supervised-release viola-
tion. Yet the answer to that question is straightforward.
As the Court holds today, the supervised-release statute
does not permit consideration of (2)(A). That
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.

means courts may consider only the remaining eight enu-
merated factors, none of which contain any reference to ret-
ribution. See. As the majority recognizes, moreo-
ver, the retributive interest in punishment is ill suited to
supervised-release proceedings. Supervised release " 'ful-
fills rehabilitative ends' and 'provides individuals with
postconfinement assistance.' " Ante, at 10 ); see also
S. Rep. No. 98 -- 225, p. 124 (1983) (Senate Report noting
that "the primary goal" of supervised release "is to ease the
defendant's transition into the community... or to provide
rehabilitation"). Thus, "when a defendant violates the con-
ditions of his supervised release, it makes sense that a court
must consider the forward-looking ends of sentencing (de-
terrence, incapacitation, and rehabilitation), but may not
consider the backward-looking purpose of retribution."
Ante, at 10.
In sum, when a court considers whether a supervised-
release violation warrants revocation and reimprisonment
(its primary task during revocation hearings), it must look
only to the forward-looking ends mentioned in the statute.
As to either a supervised-release violation or the underlying
offense, the backward-looking end of retribution is out of
bounds. Although I would have made this point explicit,
nothing in the Court's opinion is inconsistent with it. Ac-
cordingly, I otherwise join the Court's opinion.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 7483
_________________

EDGARDO ESTERAS, PETITIONER v.
UNITED STATES
TIMOTHY MICHAEL JAIMEZ, FKA TIMOTHY M.
WATTERS, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
TORIANO A. LEAKS, JR., PETITIONER v.
UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
The question presented in this litigation is whether sen-
tencing courts can reference and rely upon the retributive
concerns outlined in 18 U. S. C. (2)(A) when revok-
ing a previously imposed term of supervised release.
"Esteras argues that district courts cannot consider the re-
tributive purpose articulated in (2)(A) when revok-
ing supervised release," while "[t]he Government insists
that courts can consider it, although they are not required
to do so." Ante, at 7. Like the Court, I agree with Esteras:
Courts cannot consider this omitted sentencing purpose
when revoking supervised release.
That answer is straightforward and responsive. But the
majority goes further, appearing to opine as to the precise
contours of the retributive concerns that Congress has
taken off the table. Ante, at 7 -- 8. Venturing into this terri-
tory is not necessary in the context of this litigation. As
JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR explains, whatever (2)(A)
calls for when Congress has authorized its use, all that the
2 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

Court properly decides today is that Congress has forbidden
sentencing judges to rely on that same set of considerations
in the supervised-release-revocation context.
I disagree with the Court's discussion of the scope of "of-
fense" in (2)A) as it relates to because, in
my view, that part of the opinion confuses more than it clar-
ifies. As sentencing judges know, revocation of supervised
release occurs in response to new -- often criminal -- con-
duct. It is entirely conceivable, and perhaps even likely,
that when Congress removed from the list of permissible
revocation considerations (2)(A)'s "need for the sen-
tence imposed" to exact retribution, it sought to prevent the
promotion of retribution with respect to whatever new of-
fense triggered the call for revocation of supervised release.
At the very least, that possibility counsels against defini-
tively asserting that (2)(A)'s conspicuous omission
only speaks to whether a district court can "account for the
need to exact retribution for the defendant's underlying
crime." Ante, at 8.
In any event, because requires district courts to
impose sentences that are "sufficient, but not greater than
necessary" to promote certain purposes of punishment, the
kind of hairsplitting that the majority's opinion invites is
entirely impractical. Sentences either "reflect," "afford," or
"provide" for the listed purposes of punishment (retribu-
tion, deterrence, incapacitation, rehabilitation) or they
don't. (2). It is hard to fathom that Congress
meant for retribution to be both operable and inoperable as
it relates to the imposition of a single revocation sanction,
and it is even harder to imagine how a sentencing court can
effectively achieve that binary objective.
Part II -- B of the majority's opinion is both unnecessary to
the outcome of this litigation and inscrutable in light of how
revocation sentences are actually determined and imposed.
Therefore, I cannot join that Part of the opinion.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 7483
_________________

EDGARDO ESTERAS, PETITIONER v.
UNITED STATES
TIMOTHY MICHAEL JAIMEZ, FKA TIMOTHY M.
WATTERS, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
TORIANO A. LEAKS, JR., PETITIONER v.
UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins, dis-
senting.
Veteran trial judges often complain that their appellate
colleagues live in a world of airy abstractions and do not
give enough thought to the practical effects of their hold-
ings. Today's decision is likely to earn the rank of Exhibit
A in the trial bench's catalog of appellate otherworldliness.
The Court interprets the Sentencing Reform Act to mean
that a federal district-court judge, when considering
whether to impose or alter a term of supervised release,
must engage in mind-bending exercises. The judge must
take into account "the nature and circumstances" of a de-
fendant's offense but is forbidden to consider "the serious-
ness of the offense." 18 U. S. C.. The judge must
consider what is needed to "dete[r]" violations of the law or
to rehabilitate a defendant, i.e., to cause him to lead a law-
abiding life, but cannot be influenced by a desire "to pro-
mote respect for the law." Ibid.
The Sentencing Reform Act does not place district judges
2 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

in such a predicament. Neither the statutory text, the in-
terpretive canon on which the Court relies, nor the struc-
ture of the Act supports the Court's interpretation.
I
A
In order to understand these cases and the points on
which the majority and I disagree, some background infor-
mation about federal sentencing is required. When a de-
fendant is "found guilty of an offense," he may be sentenced
to "a term of probation," "a fine," or "a term of imprison-
ment.". And in crafting a sentence, the court is
required to consider the 10 factors that are set out in. (For convenience, I will call these the sentencing
factors.)
If a sentencing court imposes a term of imprisonment, the
court generally has discretion to include "as a part of the
sentence" a term of supervised release..1 "Super-
vised release is 'a form of postconfinement monitoring' that
permits a defendant a kind of conditional liberty by allow-
ing him to serve part of his sentence outside of prison."
Mont v. United States, (2019) ). In de-
ciding whether to impose and in devising a term of super-
vised release, a judge is required to consider 8 of the 10 sen-
tencing factors noted above, specifically, (1),
(a)(2)(B), (a)(2)(C), (a)(2)(D), (a)(4), (a)(5), (a)(6), and (a)(7).
(For convenience, I will call these the supervised-release
factors.)
During a term of supervised release, a defendant must
comply with certain standard conditions, such as reporting
to a probation officer, as well as any special conditions that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In some cases, the imposition of supervised release is mandatory.

See, e.g., 18 U. S. C. (kidnapping offenses); (terrorism
offenses); 21 U. S. C., 960(b) (drug-trafficking offenses).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

are "tailored specifically" to "the individual case." Admin-
istrative Office of the U. S. Courts, Overview of Probation
and Supervised Release Conditions 8 (2024). If a defendant
fails to comply with these conditions, revocation of super-
vised release is sometimes mandatory, see, e.g., but in most cases, the court has discretion to choose the ap-
propriate response. For example, it may "extend" super-
vised release "if less than the maximum authorized term
was previously imposed"; "modify, reduce, or enlarge the
conditions of supervised release"; or, more seriously, "re-
voke" supervised release and "require the defendant to
serve in prison all or part of the term of supervised release
authorized by statute for the offense that resulted in such
term of supervised release." (2), (3). In deciding
whether to alter a term of supervised release, the court is
required to consider the same eight factors that had to be
taken into account in imposing the term of supervised re-
lease in the first place.
In these cases, the lead petitioner, Edgardo Esteras, vio-
lated a term of his supervised release by assaulting the
mother of his children and shooting at her vehicle. The sen-
tencing judge revoked supervised release and, in doing so,
referred to Esteras's criminal history and the need to "en-
courage [him] to be respectful of the law." App. 96a. Citing
these remarks, Esteras contends that the judge based his
decision on an impermissible factor, namely, a desire to
"promote respect for the law." This factor, which appears
in (2)(A), is one of the two sentencing factors omit-
ted from the list of supervised-release factors. Esteras ar-
gues, and the Court now agrees, that the omission of
(2)(A) from the list of supervised-release factors
means that it cannot be considered. In other words, the
judge in Esteras's case was obligated to put out of his mind
any desire "to promote respect for the law." Before today,
one might have thought that every aspect of a federal
judge's work should aim to "promote respect for the law."
4 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

Apparently, that is no longer true.
B
The question in these cases is what to make of the omis-
sion of (2)(A) from the list of supervised-release fac-
tors. The Court infers that consideration of this factor is
forbidden, and, in so doing, relies almost entirely on a canon
of interpretation that bears the Latin name expressio unius
est exclusio alterius. In English, that means "[t]he expres-
sion of one thing implies the exclusion of others." A. Scalia
& B. Garner, Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal
Texts 107 (2012) (Scalia & Garner). To modify a classic ex-
ample slightly, suppose a sign at the entrance of a park
said: "No gasoline- or electric-powered vehicles allowed."
Under the expressio unius canon, it would be fair to infer
that standard bikes are permitted. See H. Hart, Positivism
and the Separation of Law and Morals, 71 Harv. L. Rev.
593, 607 (1958).
Although this canon has its place, Reading Law empha-
sizes that it "must be applied with great caution, since its
application depends so much on context." Scalia & Garner
107. Our cases have made the same point and have often
rejected use of the canon because of the context in which the
expression appeared. See, e.g., NLRB v. SW General, Inc.,
(2017) ("The expressio unius canon ap-
plies only when circumstances support a sensible infer-
ence that the term left out must have been meant to be ex-
cluded" ); Barnhart v.
Peabody Coal Co., (2003) ("[T]he canon
expressio unius est exclusio alterius does not apply to every
statutory listing or grouping"). Reading Law also contains
this important warning: "Even when an all-inclusive sense
seems apparent, one must still identify the scope of the in-
clusiveness (thereby limiting [the] implied exclusion)."
Scalia & Garner 108.
In these cases, I agree with the Court that the omission
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

ALITO, J., dissenting

of two of the sentencing factors from the list of supervised-
release factors gives rise to a negative inference, but I disa-
gree with the Court about the nature of that inference. The
most likely -- and in my view, the appropriate -- inference is
simply that, the provision listing the supervised-
release factors, sets out an exclusive list of mandatory fac-
tors. That is "the scope of the inclusiveness." The Court,
however, goes further and infers not just that there are no
other mandatory factors but that there are no other permis-
sible factors. That aggressive application of the expressio
unius canon goes too far. While the inference produced by
that canon is always dependent on context, the enumera-
tion of things that must be done generally does not suggest
that no other things may be done.
Consider this example. Suppose I tell my law clerks on a
Monday that by the end of the week they must complete the
bench memos in 6 of the 12 cases scheduled for argument
during the next sitting. That statement would strongly im-
ply that completion of other bench memos by the end of the
week is not mandatory. But the statement would not sug-
gest that finishing other bench memos is forbidden. Many
other similar examples could be provided.
To salvage its far-reaching inference, the Court offers its
own variation on the law-clerk hypothetical. In the Court's
hypothetical, a judge tells a clerk "to prepare a bench memo
with a recommendation formed 'after considering' statutory
text, context, and structure, as well as any relevant prece-
dent." Ante, at 12. As the Court sees it, if the law clerk also
reviews secondary sources "to inform her recommendation,"
the law clerk did not "obe[y] her boss's instructions." Ante,
at 12 -- 13.
But nothing about the Court's hypothetical suggests the
law clerk must exclusively consider those four factors.
Would the clerk necessarily infer from the judge's instruc-
tion that nothing else could be considered? I doubt it. And
if the clerk knows that the judge thinks that other factors,
6 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

such as statutory purpose or legislative history, are rele-
vant considerations, the inference is unlikely.
For this reason, the Court's use of the expressio unius
canon exceeds its customary and proper use, and the Court
provides no good reason for its aggressive use of that inter-
pretive tool. The Court finds it significant that Congress
included in the list of supervised-release factors "almost the
entire list" of sentencing factors but left out (2)(A).
Ante, at 9. According to the Court, this makes "all the more
glaring" Congress's intention that sentencing courts should
not consider (2)(A) when modifying a term of su-
pervised release. Ibid.
This is illogical. When a provision sets out a rule and lists
items to which the rule applies, the length of the list may
bolster the strength of the inference that the list is exhaus-
tive, but it does not alter the scope of the rule. Suppose I
tell friends who are visiting Washington, D. C., for the first
time that they must visit a list of enumerated sites. If the
list is long, they might infer that I do not think that there
are any other sites that they should necessarily try to
squeeze in. But it is doubtful that they would infer that I
am suggesting that they should necessarily avoid seeing
anything else that might catch their interest.
In short, the expressio unius canon is insufficient to sup-
port the Court's interpretation.
II
The Court's interpretation is also inconsistent with the
text and structure of the Sentencing Reform Act.
A
Starting with the text, I note three features that counsel
against acceptance of the Court's interpretation.
First, the relevant provisions of the Sentencing Reform
Act lack language like that included in other provisions of
the Act that limit a court's consideration of specified factors.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

ALITO, J., dissenting

For example, -- the provision that directly precedes
the provision setting out the mandatory supervised-release
factors in -- expressly states that a judge's decision
whether to impose a term of imprisonment may not be
based on a desire to "promot[e] correction and rehabilita-
tion." When "Congress includes particular language in one
section of a statute but omits it in another section of the
same Act, it is generally presumed that Congress acts in-
tentionally and purposely in the disparate inclusion or ex-
clusion." Russello v. United States, (1983). Or take,
which (as amended in 1988) contains an implicit prohibition
on consideration of the sentencing factors. See 102 Stat.
4361. That provision mandates revocation of probation if
certain conditions are met, and Congress apparently gave
courts no discretion to even consider the sentencing factors.
As a result, the absence of any even remotely similar lan-
guage in is telling.
Second, we can infer that the Sentencing Reform Act al-
lows a judge to consider all the sentencing factors because
there are some situations in which factors omitted from the
list of supervised-release factors must be considered. One
such situation occurs when a judge decides how to respond
to a defendant's violation of the terms of supervised release
because in that situation the judge must consider exactly
what is set out in (3), which is one of the sentencing
factors omitted from the list of supervised-release factors.
That provision refers to "the kinds of sentences available,"
and when a judge is deciding what to do about a defendant
who has violated the terms of supervised release, the judge
must consider the available options, which include termi-
nation, extension, modification, and revocation..
Because a term of supervised release is "part of a sentence,"
each one of these options changes the defendant's sentence.
And therefore, this list of options constitutes a list of "the
8 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

kinds of sentences available."2
Consideration of "the kinds of sentences available" may
be required during a revocation proceeding for yet another
reason. When a sentencing court revokes a term of super-
vised release and sends the defendant back to prison, the
maximum period of additional confinement authorized de-
pends on the class of the underlying offense. See
(3). So a sentencing court determining the permis-
sible range of reimprisonment will necessarily consider the
"kinds of sentences" authorized under the statute of convic-
tion.
Third, and most important, the Court's interpretation
cannot account for the inextricable relationship between
the omitted sentencing factor at issue in these cases, i.e.,
(2)(A), and the sentencing factors that a judge must
consider in deciding whether to alter a term of supervised
release. Recall that (2)(A) requires, among other
things, consideration of "the seriousness of the offense," and
according to the Court, taking that factor into account is
prohibited. But it is undisputed that a judge must consider
"the nature and circumstances of the offense" when altering
a term of supervised release. (1), 3583(e). Since
"the seriousness of the offense" is part of "the nature of the
offense," the Court's interpretation gives district judges ir-
reconcilable instructions.
Another part of (2)(A) creates a similar problem
for the Court. Section 3553(a)(2)(A) refers to "the need...
to promote respect for the law," and because that provision
is omitted from the supervised-release factors, the Court
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Court argues that these options are not "kinds of sentences" be-

cause the Sentencing Reform Act recognizes only three types of sen-
tences: probation, fines, and imprisonment. See ante, at 6,. Accord-
ing to the Court, supervised release is not a " 'kin[d] of sentence' " but is
instead merely "a component of a defendant's prison sentence." Ibid. But
the Sentencing Reform Act never says that there are only three "kinds"
of sentences. See.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

ALITO, J., dissenting

holds that consideration of this factor is not allowed either.
But the Sentencing Reform Act demands consideration of
factors that are hard to separate from "promot[ing] respect
for the law." In deciding whether to alter a term of super-
vised release, a judge must consider "the need... to afford
adequate deterrence to criminal conduct," (2)(B),
and the whole point of deterrence is to encourage respect
for and compliance with the law.
The Court struggles in vain to explain away this clash
between what its interpretation forbids and what the Sen-
tencing Reform Act demands. It entirely ignores the rela-
tionship between "afford[ing] adequate deterrence" (a man-
datory consideration) and "promot[ing] respect for the law"
(outlawed under its interpretation). And as for the conflict
between requiring consideration of the "nature and circum-
stances of the offense" and banning consideration of "the se-
riousness of the offense," the Court's response is an elabo-
rate theory that has no grounding in the statutory text.
The Court begins by claiming that (2)(A) relates
solely to retribution and not to any of the other three per-
mitted goals of punishment -- deterrence, incapacitation,
and rehabilitation. See ante, at 13 -- 14. But that is simply
not true with respect to two of the objectives to which
(2)(A) refers, i.e., the need for a sentence to reflect
"the seriousness of the offense" and "to promote respect for
the law." These two factors implicate other purposes of
punishment too. For example, if the offense in question is
very serious, there is a heightened need for deterrence and
incapacitation, and rehabilitation may be harder. So the
Court's theory veers off course at the start.
After that flawed beginning, the Court tells us that the
supervised-release factors operate as a kind of purpose fil-
ter. Section 3553(a)(2) enumerates four factors that, in the
Court's view, reflect the four recognized purposes of punish-
ment. The Court tells us that the "nature and circum-
stances of the offense" must be considered in light of one of
10 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

those four purposes. See ante, at 13 -- 14; accord, Brief for
Petitioners 34 -- 35. The supervised-release factors, how-
ever, include only three of those four purposes and exclude
the goal of retribution supposedly encapsulated in
(2)(A). So, in the Court's view, the supervised-
release statute filters out (2)(A) and thereby pro-
hibits a court from any consideration of the "nature and cir-
cumstances of the offense" in light of (2)(A)'s sup-
posedly "retributive focus" and concern with the
"seriousness of the offense." Ante, at 14
None of this has any textual support, and it does not solve
the problem faced by a judge who is compelled to consider
the nature and circumstances of an offense but forbidden to
consider its seriousness. If taken seriously, it does not alter
in any way the information that judges may consider. In-
stead, it merely calls on them to probe their mental pro-
cesses to ensure that no thoughts of retribution entered in.3

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Here is an example. Suppose a defendant's offense of conviction was

interstate travel in violation of a protective order prohibiting threats,
harassment, or contact with his former wife. See 18 U. S. C..
And suppose that the trial evidence showed the defendant engaged in
conduct that caused his former wife very severe emotional distress. After
serving his sentence, the defendant is given supervised release but
quickly violates a condition of release by resuming the very conduct that
landed him in prison in the first place. The judge must decide what to
do. Heeding the requirement to consider "the nature and circumstances
of the offense," the judge calls to mind the trial evidence. Then, as re-
quired by the Sentencing Reform Act, the judge considers whether this
information suggests that reimprisonment is needed either to "afford ad-
equate deterrence," (2)(B) (i.e., to cause the defendant to leave
his former wife alone), or to "protect the public from further crimes of the
defendant," (2)(C) (i.e., to keep the defendant's former wife safe
during the period of reimprisonment).
The effect of the Court's filtering scheme is to complicate the judge's
consideration of all these matters by demanding that he search his con-
science and ask: "Have I let any thought of retribution enter into my
thinking? I am inclined to send the defendant back to prison for x
months, and I think I'm doing that to achieve deterrence and incapacita-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

ALITO, J., dissenting

Imposing such a soul-searching obligation as a requirement
that may be enforced in litigation is utterly impractical.
B
No more is needed to reject the Court's interpretation, but
I note for good measure that the structure of the Sentencing
Reform Act also weighs against the Court's interpretation.
The Act gives express instructions about the way in which
the sentencing factors apply to decisions regarding the im-
position of each of the Act's three primary penalties (i.e.,
imprisonment, probation, fines). These instructions fall
into one of two categories. Instructions in the first category
either mandate consideration of all the sentencing factors4
or require their consideration to the extent they are rele-
vant to the type of sentence in question.5 By contrast, in-
structions in the second category expressly prohibit consid-
eration of specific sentencing factors.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
tion. But was I somehow influenced by moral disapproval of the defend-
ant's conduct and the feeling that at least part of the x additional months
is simply what he deserves?"
4 See (requiring the consideration of all sentencing factors in

imposing fines); (same for the decision whether to run sentences
concurrently or consecutively).
5 See (requiring the consideration of all sentencing factors "to

the extent that they are applicable" in imposing an initial term of proba-
tion); (same for early termination of probation); (same
for the revocation of probation).
6 Section 3582(a) prohibits consideration of rehabilitation in deciding

on a sentence of imprisonment. See Tapia v. United States, (2011). Similarly, in, Congress confined the discretion
of sentencing courts to a particular subset of the factors. Under
that provision, sentencing courts may set conditions of probation "to the
extent that such conditions are reasonably related to the factors set forth
in section 3553(a)(1) and (a)(2) and to the extent that such conditions
involve only such deprivations of liberty or property as are reasonably
necessary for the purposes indicated in section 3553(a)(2)." Congress's
use of limiting language ("to the extent that" and "as are reasonably nec-
essary") makes its restrictive intent clear. Another provision of the Act
appears to go even further by removing a sentencing court's discretion to
12 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

What is remarkable about, which lists the man-
datory supervised-release factors, is that it does not fall into
either of these categories. It neither demands consideration
of all relevant sentencing factors nor prohibits considera-
tion of some or all of them. Instead, it requires considera-
tion of some of the mandatory sentencing factors but says
nothing about the rest. The appropriate inference is that
is meant to have a different effect: namely, to give
sentencing courts discretion to consider the omitted factors.
Such discretion is consistent with the Sentencing Reform
Act's general approach to supervised release, which confers
broad discretion on trial judges. In most cases, sentencing
courts "may include" a term of supervised release "as a
part" of "a sentence to a term of imprisonment,",
and "may" terminate, extend, or revoke supervised release,.
This grant of discretion tracks the background principles
against which the Act was drafted, namely, "the established
tradition of district courts' sentencing discretion." Concep-
cion v. United States, (2022). As we re-
cently noted, "[t]he only limitations on a court's discretion
to consider any relevant materials at an initial sentencing
or in modifying that sentence are those set forth by Con-
gress in a statute or by the Constitution." Id., at 494; see. "Congress is not shy about placing such limits" on
sentencing discretion, id., at 494, and its failure to do so in
permits the inference that sentencing courts re-
tain discretion to consider "any relevant materials," includ-
ing the omitted factors, ibid.7
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
consider the factors at all. Section 3565(b) provides that a sen-
tencing court "shall revoke [a] sentence of probation" if the defendant
possesses controlled substances or firearms, refuses to comply with drug
testing, or fails a drug test more than three times over the course of a
year. No mention of the factors is made.
7 Congress's decision to omit (2)(A) specifically has its own

logic. Congress may have sought to encourage sentencing courts to give
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

ALITO, J., dissenting

III
A
The Court attempts to buttress its interpretation by cit-
ing statements made in two of our prior cases, but the hold-
ings in those cases were far afield from the question pre-
sented here, and the comments in question simply provided
background. In Tapia v. United States, 
(2011), we held that a sentence of imprisonment cannot be
imposed or extended to foster a defendant's rehabilitation.
Before directly addressing that issue in Part III of the opin-
ion, Part II provided "statutory background." Id., at 323.
After noting the four purposes of sentencing, the opinion
stated that under the Sentencing Reform Act, "a particular

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
greater weight to the remaining purposes of sentencing set forth in
(2) to ensure that "[s]upervised release fulfills [its] rehabilitative
ends." United States v. Johnson, (2000). But in doing
so, Congress likely understood that sealing off any discretion to consider
(2)(A)'s retributive factors would be impracticable. Supervised
release is "a part of " "a term of imprisonment for" the defendant's of-
fense, and when a sentencing court imposes a term of impris-
onment for the offense, it must consider (2)(A), see.
Congress may have rendered the three (2)(A) factors discre-
tionary because it understood that each factor may apply in some, though
not all, hearings regarding the alteration of supervised release. The need
"to promote respect for law" strikes me as an evergreen concern when a
court is considering what remedy best enables a defendant to "learn to
obey the conditions of his supervised release." 88 F. 4th 1163, 1167 (CA6
2023). But the need "to provide just
punishment for the offense" seems less relevant when a sentencing court
addresses a violation of supervised release. And the relevance of the re-
maining (2)(A) factor -- the need "to reflect the seriousness of the
offense" -- depends on context. If, for example, a sentencing court decides
to revoke supervised release following a defendant's violation, it must,
as already explained, examine how Congress categorized the offense's
"seriousness" to determine the authorized term of reimprisonment. See
(3). But if the court instead opts for a less-severe sanction, such
as the modification of a condition of release, it is not necessarily required
to consider how Congress scored the underlying offense's "seriousness."
See (2).
14 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

purpose may apply differently, or even not at all, depending
on the kind of sentence under consideration." Id., at 326.
As an example, the opinion stated that under, "a
court may not take account of retribution (the first purpose
listed in (2)) when imposing a term of supervised
release." Ibid. (emphasis in original). Because the wording
of is similar to that of -- the provision that
controls alteration of a term of supervised release -- the
Court today treats Tapia's statement as strong support for
its decision.
This reads too much into what is plainly peripheral dicta.
For one thing, it is not even clear that the statement means
what the Court claims. The verb "may" sometimes denotes
"permission" and sometimes denotes "possibility." Random
House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary 1189 (2d ed. 2001).
The Court reads the statement in Tapia to mean permis-
sion: a judge may not consider retribution because that is
not allowed. But the statement could also mean "possibil-
ity": a judge, as a matter of discretion, may choose not to
take retribution into account. It is debatable which reading
is better, and in any event, as the opinion stated twice, the
statement was merely "statutory background." 564 U. S.,
at 323, 326. Moreover, Tapia "dealt with a different sen-
tencing law" concerned with imposing imprisonment, not
supervised release, and the Court's drive-by analysis of
did nothing to reckon with Congress's lack of "ex-
plicit directions" as to the omitted sentencing factors. 88
F. 4th 1163, 1168 (CA6 2023). Such "[d]ictum settles noth-
ing, even in the court that utters it." Jama v. Immigration
and Customs Enforcement, (2005).
The Court's other precedent, Concepcion v. United States, is no better. The holding in that case -- that
sentencing courts adjudicating motions to reduce a sen-
tence under the First Step Act have discretion to consider
intervening changes in the law or relevant facts -- is far re-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

ALITO, J., dissenting

moved from the question here. After emphasizing that sen-
tencing judges have generally exercised broad discretion re-
garding the facts considered in sentencing determinations,
the opinion noted that Congress has sometimes imposed re-
strictions; as an illustration, it simply cited the statement
made in Tapia. See 597 U. S., at 494.
Whatever weight these dicta merit, they are surely insuf-
ficient to support today's decision.
B
The Court attempts to justify its interpretation by draw-
ing a hard line between the Act's primary penalties -- 
"[f]ines, probation, and imprisonment" -- and supervised re-
lease. Ante, at 9. In its view, the former are a court's main
"tools for ensuring that a criminal defendant receives just
deserts for the original offense." Ibid. But "[w]hen a de-
fendant violates the conditions of his supervised release,"
the Court reasons, "it makes sense that a court must con-
sider the forward-looking ends of sentencing (deterrence,
incapacitation, and rehabilitation), but may not consider
the backward-looking purpose of retribution." Ante, at 10.
This argument exaggerates the distinction between the
two classes of penalties to which the Court refers. Contrary
to the Court's suggestion, a decision about the revocation of
supervised release may call for consideration of certain
backward-looking factors. For example, under (3),
the limits of the discretion enjoyed by a court considering
the revocation of supervised release depend on the class (A,
B, C, or D) of the "statute for the offense that resulted in
[the] term of supervised release." Section 3583(e) also man-
dates consideration of (6), which, in turn, requires
consideration of "the need to avoid unwarranted sentence
disparities among defendants with similar records who
have been found guilty of similar conduct." In assessing
that factor, a sentencing court must necessarily look back
to the defendant's offense conduct and also consider the
16 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

past offense conduct of similarly situated defendants.
A defendant's original offense may also be important
when a judge is considering whether a violation of a condi-
tion of supervised release is serious enough to justify send-
ing the violator back to prison for a particular length of
time. Consider a defendant convicted for the possession of
child pornography who later violates a special condition of
his release restricting his viewing of any sexually explicit
materials, including material that depicts teenagers who
are not actually under the age of 18. In such a case, the
serious nature of the original crime may be thought to have
a bearing on the implications of the later violation and the
need for reimprisonment to deter the defendant from future
backsliding, to protect society from the consequences of
child pornography, or to provide the opportunity for further
rehabilitation efforts in prison.
It is revealing that the Court only half-heartedly buys its
forward-looking/backward-looking distinction. In a foot-
note, the Court refuses to take a position on the question
whether a sentencing court may revoke supervised release
in retribution "for the violation of the conditions of the su-
pervised release." Ante, at 8, (emphasis deleted).
IV
In addition to all these faults, the Court's interpretation,
as I emphasized at the outset of this opinion, defies common
sense.
The Court's interpretation of which sentencing factors a
court may consider in altering a term of supervised release
must also apply when a court is initially imposing a term of
supervised release. The relevant wording in,
which governs the imposition of supervised release, and, which governs the alteration of supervised re-
lease, cannot be meaningfully distinguished. But applying
the Court's interpretation to the original imposition of su-
pervised released creates a huge practical problem. A term
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

ALITO, J., dissenting

of imprisonment and a term of supervised release are often
imposed at the same time. In imposing a prison term, a
court must consider all of the 10 sentencing factors, but un-
der today's reading of the Sentencing Reform Act, the court
is prohibited from considering 2 of those factors when it
turns to the issue of supervised release. How this will work
in practice is anyone's guess. Must sentencing courts "ad-
journ the hearing after imposing" imprisonment and then
"start over with a new unblemished inquiry" and without
giving any thought to the omitted factors? 88
F. 4th, at 1168. The Sixth Circuit feared that might be re-
quired. Many district judges may soon face this problem
because "[t]he vast majority (95.1%)" of offenders convicted
of a felony or Class A misdemeanor are also "sentenced to
terms of supervised release." United States Sentencing
Commission, Federal Offenders Sentenced to Supervised
Release 50 (2010). Indeed, in 2024, supervised release was
imposed in 50,865 cases. See United States Sentencing
Commission, 2024 Sourcebook of Federal Sentencing Sta-
tistics 41.
Other daunting practical problems will arise when judges
are deciding whether to alter a defendant's term of super-
vised release. When sending a violator of supervised re-
lease back to prison, a court must carefully control every
word that is uttered to explain the decision. Avoiding the
language of (2)(A) -- "the seriousness of the of-
fense," "respect for the law," and "just punishment for the
offense" -- is obviously essential. But what about synonyms
and other arguably related words and phrases? Not only
must sentencing judges avoid verbal missteps, they must
do so while heeding the requirement to consider mandatory
supervised-release factors that are essentially inseparable
from the factors that are fatal. See supra, at 9.
The potential consequences of the Court's interpretation
are so alarming that many of the lower courts that have
adopted today's interpretation have squirmed to avoid its
18 ESTERAS v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

effects. See, e.g., United States v. Miqbel, 444 F. 3d 1173,
1182 (CA9 2006) ("[A] sentence would be unreasonable if
the court based it primarily on an omitted factor, such as a
factor provided for in (2)(A).... We do not suggest
that a mere reference to promoting respect for the law would
in itself render a sentence unreasonable" ); United States v. Sanchez, 900 F. 3d 678, 684, 
(CA5 2018) ("Of course, this is not to say that any use of
words like 'punish,' 'serious,' or 'respect' automatically ren-
ders a revocation sentence void. Mere mention of impermis-
sible factors is acceptable; to constitute reversible error...
the forbidden factor must be 'dominant' " )).
Today's decision is similar. After adopting an impractical
interpretation, the decision takes the remarkable step of
outlining ways in which sentencing judges and courts of ap-
peals can avoid strict compliance. At the trial level, if the
defense objects that a comment made by the judge crosses
the line, the Court counsels that the judge can easily ward
off reversal. The judge can "withdraw any impermissible"
remark or recast any "stray reference to a (2)(A)
factor" as "merely prefatory." Ante, at 16. In addition, the
judge may "explain that a stray reference" to a prohibited
factor was actually "intended to bear on" a mandatory fac-
tor with which it is closely related. Ibid.
After providing this roadmap for district judges, the
Court turns to the courts of appeals. The Court reminds
circuit judges that an appeal based on today's decision "will
be governed by plain-error review," assuming the defendant
fails to object in the district court. Ibid. And plain-error
review, as we have long observed, is an "exacting" standard
and is meant to correct "only particularly egregious errors"
that "seriously affect the fairness, integrity, or public repu-
tation of judicial proceedings." United States v. Young, (1985).
Reading between the lines, the Court's message is clear.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

ALITO, J., dissenting

Unless a district judge obdurately fails to backtrack as rec-
ommended when there is an objection based on today's de-
cision, there should be few problems. The Court's outline
shows that it has a low opinion of the value of its handi-
work, and that should seal the case that the whole effort is
a mistake.
* * *
For these reasons, I cannot agree with the Court's deci-
sion, and I therefore respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act
(TCA) requires manufacturers to apply for and receive ap-
proval from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) be-
fore marketing any "new tobacco product." 123 Stat. 1807,
21 U. S. C.. Companies that manufacture or sell new
tobacco products without the FDA's approval face signifi-
cant penalties. See, 333(a), 387b(6)(A), 387j(a) -- (c). If
the FDA denies an application, the TCA authorizes "any
person adversely affected" by the denial order to petition for
judicial review under the standards of the Administrative
Procedure Act (APA). -- (b). We must decide
whether retailers who would sell a new tobacco product if
not for the FDA's denial order have the right to seek judicial
review. We hold that they do.
I
When modern e-cigarettes made their American debut,
the FDA did not treat them as "new tobacco products" for
purposes of the TCA. See FDA v. Wages & White Lion In-
vestments, LLC, 604 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025) ( FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

6 -- 9). They could therefore be sold without the FDA's ap-
proval, and over the years, a large market developed. See
ibid. But in 2016, the FDA changed direction: It announced
that e-cigarettes and related products are subject to the
TCA after all. 81 Fed. Reg. 29028 -- 29044 (2016). Given the
size of the e-cigarette market, pulling products from the
shelves while manufacturers sought "premarket" authori-
zation to sell them would have been disruptive. To mitigate
the disruption, the FDA announced that it would defer en-
forcement of the TCA against e-cigarette manufacturers
and retailers while the manufacturers sought FDA ap-
proval. Id., at 29009 -- 29015.
R. J. Reynolds Vapor Co. (RJR Vapor) manufactures e-
cigarettes, including the popular menthol- and mixed-
berry-flavored Vuse Alto products. It timely applied for au-
thorization to market its Vuse Alto products, but three
years later, the FDA denied the applications. According to
the FDA, RJR Vapor had failed to demonstrate that mar-
keting Vuse Alto products would be "appropriate for the
protection of the public health." (2)(A). This order
sounded the death knell for a significant portion of the e-
cigarette market.
When the FDA denies premarket authorization, "any per-
son adversely affected" by the denial may petition for judi-
cial review in either the D. C. Circuit or "the circuit in
which such person resides or has their principal place of
business." (1). RJR Vapor is incorporated and has
its principal place of business in North Carolina; thus, had
it filed alone, its options were the D. C. Circuit and the
Fourth Circuit. Rather than filing alone, however, RJR Va-
por combined forces with retailers of Vuse Alto products:
Avail Vapor Texas, L.L.C., a Texas company that owns and
operates the "Vuse Inspiration Store" in Houston; the Mis-
sissippi Petroleum Marketers and Convenience Stores As-
sociation, a trade association of gas stations and conven-
ience stores; and another North Carolina-based RJR
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

corporate affiliate that sold Vuse products online. RJR Va-
por and the retailers filed a joint petition in the Fifth Cir-
cuit, where Avail Vapor and the trade association are lo-
cated.
The FDA asked the court to either dismiss the joint peti-
tion for lack of venue or transfer it to the D. C. Circuit or
Fourth Circuit. It pointed out that under the TCA, only
those "adversely affected" by the denial of premarket au-
thorization may petition for review of the FDA's order. And
in the FDA's view, only a disappointed applicant -- in this
case, RJR Vapor -- is "adversely affected" within the mean-
ing of the TCA. Because the retailers had no right to seek
review, the FDA argued, the petition had no basis for being
in the Fifth Circuit. RJR Vapor could file in the D. C. Cir-
cuit (the default) or the Fourth Circuit (its home).
A divided Fifth Circuit panel denied the FDA's motion
and concluded that venue was proper over the joint petition
to review the FDA's denial order.1 The FDA sought this
Court's review of the Fifth Circuit's order, and we granted
certiorari.2 603 U. S. ___ (2024).
II
A
To invoke a statutory cause of action, a plaintiff must be
within the "zone of interests" that the statute protects.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In a separate order, the Fifth Circuit also stayed the FDA's denial

order. The Fifth Circuit's stay order is not before us.
2 The respondents argue that we lack jurisdiction to decide this case.

Outside of limited circumstances, Article III allows this Court to exercise
only "appellate jurisdiction," not "original jurisdiction." Marbury v. Mad-
ison, 1 Cranch 137, 175 (1803). The respondents argue that we are un-
constitutionally exercising original jurisdiction because the Court of Ap-
peals has not yet adjudicated the merits of their petition. This argument
is clever but misguided. We are reviewing the Fifth Circuit's order deny-
ing a motion to transfer venue. So, as with any other case in which we
review a lower court order, we are exercising appellate jurisdiction over
that order -- not deciding the motion in the first instance.
4 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v. Static Control Components, Inc., (2014).3 Put differently, a plaintiff must be-
long to the class of persons to whom the statute grants a
right to sue. Id., at 127. Under the TCA, the relevant class
is "any person adversely affected" by the FDA's "denial." 21
U. S. C. (1).
"Adversely affected" (and its variations like "adversely af-
fected or aggrieved") is a term of art with a "long history in
federal administrative law." Director, Office of Workers'
Compensation Programs v. Newport News Shipbuilding &
Dry Dock Co., (1995); see also Brief for
New Civil Liberties Alliance as Amicus Curiae 26 -- 27
(claiming that 124 statutes use variations of "adversely af-
fected"). Most notably, the term appears in the APA, which
entitles anyone "adversely affected or aggrieved by agency
action within the meaning of a relevant statute... to judi-
cial review."4 5 U. S. C.. We have interpreted "ad-
versely affected" broadly, as covering anyone even "argua-
bly within the zone of interests to be protected or regulated
by the statute... in question." Association of Data Pro-
cessing Service Organizations, Inc. v. Camp, (1970). A plaintiff may sue under the
APA unless her "interests are so marginally related to or
inconsistent with the purposes implicit in the statute that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Though we once applied the zone-of-interests test as part of a "pru-

dential standing" doctrine, we have abandoned that label as "mislead-
ing." Bank of America Corp. v. Miami, -- 197 (2017).
As we have explained, the question is not one of standing, but of "whether
the statute grants the plaintiff the cause of action that he asserts." Ibid.
The zone-of-interests test is part of the ordinary statutory interpretation
analysis that courts employ to answer that question. Lexmark, 572 U. S.,
at 127.
4 Because the APA provides an omnibus cause of action for violations

of other statutes, the "relevant statute" for an APA zone-of-interests
analysis is not the APA itself, but the statute under which the relevant
agency acted. See Association of Data Processing Service Organizations,
Inc. v. Camp, (1970).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

it cannot reasonably be assumed that Congress intended to
permit the suit." Clarke v. Securities Industry Assn., (1987). The inquiry is "not especially de-
manding." Lexmark, 572 U. S., at 130.
The FDA, however, attempts to ratchet up the standard.
It insists that the capacious understanding of "adversely af-
fected" is unique to the APA, whose "omnibus judicial-re-
view provision... permits suit for violations of numerous
statutes of varying character that do not themselves in-
clude causes of action for judicial review." Ibid.; see also,
e.g., Bennett v. Spear, (1997). For stat-
utes other than the APA, the FDA argues, a person must
"actually" -- not "arguably" -- fall within the statute's zone of
interests. Brief for Petitioners 12 -- 13. And as the FDA sees
it, the person actually aggrieved by the denial of permission
to market a tobacco product is the one with the closest rela-
tionship to the application -- the applicant.
We have not drawn the distinction that the FDA pro-
poses. On the contrary, when we have interpreted varia-
tions of the phrase "adversely affected or aggrieved" outside
the context of the APA, we have borrowed from our APA
cases, including their broad formulation of the zone-of-in-
terests test. For instance, in Bank of America Corp. v. Mi-
ami, we interpreted the Fair Housing Act's (FHA) cause of
action -- which permits any "aggrieved person" to sue. (2017); 42 U. S. C. (1)(A). Citing our
canonical articulation of the APA's broad zone-of-interests
test in Data Processing, we held that Miami could sue under
the FHA because the city "arguably" fell within the inter-
ests that the FHA sought to protect. 581 U. S., at 197 -- 201.
Thompson v. North American Stainless, LP, runs in the
same vein. (2011). There, we interpreted the
scope of Title VII's cause of action, which permits a "person
claiming to be aggrieved" to sue. 42 U. S. C. -- 5(f )(1).
We held that this cause of action is neither so narrow as to
6 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

include only the person claiming to be the victim of discrim-
ination nor so broad as to encompass every person with Ar-
ticle III standing. Thompson, 562 U. S., at 177. Instead,
interpreting the term "aggrieved" consistently with its
"common usage" in the APA context, we held that Title VII
authorized suit by "any plaintiff with an interest 'arguably
[sought] to be protected by the statute.' " Id., at 177 -- 178
). Under this test, an
employee who had allegedly been fired in retaliation for the
protected activity of his fiancée (who was also his co-
worker) was "aggrieved" and could sue. Thompson, 562
U. S., at 178.
Finally, in Newport News, we had to decide whether the
Director of the Office of Workers' Compensation Programs
in the Department of Labor was "[a] person adversely af-
fected or aggrieved by a final order" under the Longshore
and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act. 514 U. S., at 123;
44 Stat. 1436, 33 U. S. C.. To answer this question,
we considered the history of this "term of art" across admin-
istrative law, including our canonical interpretation of it
under the APA: "[A] litigant [must] show... that the inter-
est he seeks to vindicate is arguably within the 'zone of in-
terests to be protected or regulated by the statute.' " New-
port News, 514 U. S., at 126 -- 127. Considering the "long
lineage" of this language, we found it telling that neither
we nor any court of appeals had ever held, under the APA
or otherwise, that "an agency, in its regulatory or policy-
making capacity, is 'adversely affected' or 'aggrieved.' "
Newport News, 514 U. S., at 127.
Taken together, these cases reflect a presumption that
the term "adversely affected" carries the same meaning out-
side the APA as in it.5 The Fair Housing Act, Title VII, and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The FDA invokes Bennett and Lexmark for support, but the statutes
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act
have different histories, scopes, and purposes. Yet in inter-
preting each statute, we borrowed principles from cases de-
scribing the APA's cause of action. The FDA cannot explain
why -- repeatedly and without regard for their differing
statutory purposes -- we have interpreted other causes of
action with variations of "adversely affected or aggrieved"
consistently with the APA's cause of action.6
We interpret the phrase "adversely affected" in the TCA
against this backdrop. Echoing the APA, the TCA provides
that "any person adversely affected by [the FDA's] denial"
may petition for judicial review. 21 U. S. C. (1); see
also 5 U. S. C. ("[a] person... adversely affected or
aggrieved by agency action"). The TCA's cause of action
thus extends to any petitioner "with an interest 'arguably
sought to be protected by the statute.' " Thompson, 562
U. S., at 178. The retailers fit the bill.
If the FDA denies an application, the retailers, like the
manufacturer, lose the opportunity to profit from the sale
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
at issue in those cases did not use variations of the phrase "adversely
affected" to create a cause of action. See 16 U. S. C. (Bennett v.
Spear, (1997)); 15 U. S. C. (1) (Lexmark Int'l, Inc.
v. Static Control Components, Inc., (2014)). So neither case
sheds light on whether "adversely affected" has a unique meaning in the
context of the APA.
6 The FDA notes that the phrase "adversely affected or aggrieved" pre-

dates the APA. Director, Office of Workers' Compensation Programs v.
Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Co., (1995).
But the FDA has not shown that the pre-APA definition of "adversely
affected or aggrieved" was meaningfully narrower than the version of the
zone-of-interests test articulated in modern APA cases, not to mention
Bank of America and Thompson v. North American Stainless, LP, (2011). Even our pre-APA construction of "adversely affected"
was quite broad. See, e.g., FCC v. Sanders Brothers Radio Station, -- 477 (1940) (holding that competitors of FCC licensees are
"adversely affected" by an order granting a license within the meaning
of (2) of the Communications Act of 1934).
8 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

of the new tobacco product -- or, if they sell the product an-
yway, risk imprisonment and other sanctions. See 21
U. S. C., 333(a), 387b(6)(A), 387j(a) -- (c). Given this
significant, direct impact on retailers, their interests are
not "so marginally related to or inconsistent with the pur-
poses implicit in the statute that it cannot reasonably be
assumed that Congress intended to permit the suit."
Clarke, 479 U. S., at 399. Accordingly, the retailers are "ad-
versely affected" by a denial order and are therefore proper
petitioners under (1).7
B
Resisting this conclusion, the FDA (followed by the dis-
sent) argues that the TCA's text and structure reflect Con-
gress's choice to offer judicial review only to manufacturers
denied permission to market a tobacco product. The FDA
emphasizes that TCA applications result in an "order,"
(1)(A), and that "orders" may normally be chal-
lenged only by the participants in the proceeding that led
to the order. It also asserts that other provisions of the stat-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 The dissent argues that the zone-of-interests inquiry turns exclu-

sively on, which governs the FDA's response to a marketing ap-
plication. See post, at 6 (opinion of JACKSON, J.) This myopic approach
is inconsistent with Clarke v. Securities Industry Assn., which explains
that the zone-of-interests analysis must not "focu[s] too narrowly" on the
basis for the violation, but must also consider that provision "in the over-
all context" of the relevant Act. (1987). Here, the
relevant context includes not only the application process outlined in, but also the legal consequences if that process ends with a de-
nial order -- namely, the threat of criminal penalties for retailers who sell
the denied products. According to the dissent, this threat is irrelevant
because does not enable the retailers to "weigh in on" the FDA's
consideration of an application for premarket authorization. Post, at 8,
(opinion of JACKSON, J.). But the TCA does not authorize suit only
for those permitted to "weigh in on" the agency's disposition of an appli-
cation -- it authorizes suit for those "adversely affected" by the denial of
an application. The retailers meet that description.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

ute reflect an overriding concern with the applicant manu-
facturer: Only the manufacturer may ask the FDA to refer
its application to a scientific committee, receive notice of a
denial order, or receive a statement about why the applica-
tion was denied. (2)(B), (e)(2), (c)(3). And, the
FDA observes, only the manufacturer is positioned to
demonstrate that a product is "appropriate for the protec-
tion of the public health." (2)(A). Putting these pro-
visions together, the FDA says that the TCA is concerned
exclusively with the interests of the manufacturer. Retail-
ers are outside the TCA's zone of interests.
These arguments, which focus almost entirely on,
cannot be squared with (1) -- the provision that cre-
ates the cause of action. Start with the textual oddity of
using the phrase "any person adversely affected" to describe
a cause of action that only one person -- the applicant man-
ufacturer -- could use. "Read naturally, the word 'any' has
an expansive meaning, that is, 'one or some indiscrimi-
nately of whatever kind.' " United States v. Gonzales, (1997) ). Congress's use of "any" sug-
gests that a denial order can adversely affect multiple per-
sons.
Even without the word "any," the phrase "person ad-
versely affected" suggests an intent to cover more than one
party. Thompson is probative. In that case, the respondent
similarly argued that the phrase "person aggrieved" re-
ferred to only the person who engaged in statutorily pro-
tected activity. 562 U. S., at 177. We said that "[w]e know
of no other context in which the words carry this artificially
narrow meaning, and if that is what Congress intended,"
then "it would more naturally have said 'person claiming to
have been discriminated against' rather than 'person claim-
ing to be aggrieved.' " Ibid. We saw "no basis in text or prior
practice for limiting the latter phrase" to the single person
who engaged in protected conduct. Ibid. So too here. If
10 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

Congress intended to convey the FDA's reading, it would
more naturally have said "applicant" rather than "person
adversely affected." And there is "no basis in text or prior
practice" for limiting "person adversely affected" to mean
"the applicant" -- or, for that matter, the "party" with whom
the agency dealt. See NRC v. Texas, 605 U. S. ___, ___
(2025) (distinguishing between statutes that
grant a cause of action to a "party" aggrieved, as opposed to
the broader any "person" aggrieved).
The FDA tries to explain away the breadth of (1)
by stressing that it applies not only to denial orders under, but also to regulations promulgated under.
See also post, at 11 -- 12 (JACKSON, J., dissenting). The pro-
vision's breadth, the FDA says, accommodates the latter
context: Regulations affect more than one person, even if a
denial order affects only the applicant. So, the FDA
stresses, its interpretation does not read the phrase "any
person" out of the provision. Fair enough. But it does read
the phrase "an applicant" into the provision. Congress did
not enact a narrow cause of action for denial orders and a
broader one for regulations. Instead, it brought them under
the same umbrella, using the same language -- "any person
adversely affected" -- to cover both contexts. The FDA's spin
on the provision proposes to undo that choice.
Congress knows how to limit the scope of a cause of ac-
tion -- in fact, it did so elsewhere in the TCA. When the FDA
issues an order withdrawing an existing approval of an ap-
plication to market a new tobacco product, only the "holder
of [the] application" may challenge the order. (2).
The difference between "holder of [the] application" and
"any person adversely affected" is conspicuous. When Con-
gress uses "one term in one place, and a materially different
term in another, the presumption is that the different term
denotes a different idea." A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading
Law 170 (2012); see also, e.g., Southwest Airlines Co. v.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

Saxon, -- 458 (2022). That principle is fa-
tal to the FDA's reading of (1).
The FDA tries to turn this liability into an asset. See also
post, at 9 -- 10 (JACKSON, J., dissenting). It argues that Con-
gress would not have allowed retailers to challenge denial
orders (in which they normally have no reliance interests)
but not withdrawal orders (in which they usually have sig-
nificant reliance interests). Yet Congress made this very
choice by using different language for the two types of chal-
lenges. Plainly, the FDA wishes that Congress had written
the review provision differently. As we have explained be-
fore, however, "[w]e do not ask whether in our judgment
Congress should have authorized" this lawsuit, "but
whether Congress in fact did so." Lexmark, 572 U. S., at
128.
The FDA's other structural and policy arguments simi-
larly fail. See also post, at 6 -- 8 (JACKSON, J., dissenting). It
claims that 's statutory structure suggests that only
the applicant has a protected stake in the application pro-
cess. In particular, it highlights the confidentiality protec-
tions, arguing that they could prevent a retailer from ob-
taining the information necessary to mount a successful
challenge. See (applying protection to information
obtained by the FDA through 's application process).
Maybe -- though the confidentiality provisions did not frus-
trate this lawsuit. In any event, (1) asks whether a
petitioner is "adversely affected" by the denial order, not
whether a petitioner is the person best positioned to chal-
lenge a denial order. If Congress had wanted only those
with the most information to be able to bring these chal-
lenges, it would have said so.8
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The FDA relies heavily on Block v. Community Nutrition Institute,

(1984). See also post, at 12 -- 14 (JACKSON, J., dissenting).
But Block is readily distinguishable. The question in Block was whether
the Act at issue "preclude[d] judicial review" within the meaning of 5
U. S. C. (1), such that milk consumers could not invoke the APA's
12 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

Opinion of the Court

The retailers had the right to petition for review under
the TCA. Because Avail Vapor and the trade association
have their principal places of business in Texas and Missis-
sippi, respectively, they could both file in the Fifth Circuit.
So when it denied the FDA's motion to dismiss or transfer,
the Fifth Circuit correctly concluded that at least one
proper petitioner had venue.
III
In addition to contending that the retailers are not "ad-
versely affected," the FDA advances an argument in this
Court that it failed to make in the Fifth Circuit: It main-
tains that each petitioner in a joint petition for review must
independently establish venue. RJR Vapor and the RJR-
affiliated retailer, standing alone, could not file in the Fifth
Circuit. Thus, the FDA says, the Fifth Circuit must dismiss
the RJR petitions even if the other retailers may petition
for review there.
No court, including the Fifth Circuit in this case, has an-
alyzed whether every petitioner in a joint petition must in-
dependently satisfy the TCA's venue provisions. We rarely
address an argument raised for the first time in this Court.
OBB Personenverkehr AG v. Sachs, (2015).
In the ordinary course, "[p]rudence... dictates awaiting a
case in which the issue was fully litigated below, so that we
will have the benefit of developed arguments on both sides
and lower court opinions squarely addressing the question."

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
omnibus cause of action to challenge the Secretary of Agriculture's milk
market orders. Block, 467 U. S., at 341, 345. We held that consumers
could not sue under the APA, primarily because the Act itself included a
separate cause of action enabling dairy handlers (and not consumers) to
seek judicial review of the orders after first exhausting administrative
remedies. See id., at 345 -- 347 ). Allowing con-
sumers to sue under the APA would have frustrated that scheme. Block,
467 U. S., at 345 -- 347. This case -- which involves a single cause of action
and no administrative exhaustion requirement -- is not analogous.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

Yee v. Escondido, (1992). Prudence coun-
sels that course here, because anything we say about the
TCA's venue provisions would inevitably inform debates
about similar statutes -- including 28 U. S. C. (1),
the general venue statute for lawsuits against the Govern-
ment.
* * *
We affirm the Fifth Circuit's denial of the FDA's motion
and remand the case for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 1187
_________________

FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, ET AL.,
PETITIONERS v. R. J. REYNOLDS
VAPOR CO., ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR joins,
dissenting.
The statute at issue in this case requires tobacco manu-
facturers to receive permission from the Food and Drug Ad-
ministration (FDA) before new tobacco products may be
marketed or sold. 21 U. S. C.. In deciding who falls
within the zone of interest of that statute, the Court largely
ignores this context. Instead, the Court directs all attention
to the language of the statute's cause of action -- and then
essentially nullifies the zone-of-interest test by reducing it
to the near-meaningless proposition that anyone affected,
or even arguably affected, by the FDA's marketing denial
can sue.
The actual zone-of-interest inquiry, however, requires us
to examine exactly whom Congress intended to protect un-
der the relevant statutory provisions. And, here, all the
usual tools of statutory interpretation point in the same di-
rection: Congress established a detailed scheme for manu-
facturers to obtain authorization to market new tobacco
products -- a scheme within which retailers have no rights
and play no role -- and, in the context of that scheme, Con-
gress provided a cause of action for the protection of the
manufacturers' statutorily created interests. Because noth-
2 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

ing in this statute suggests that Congress meant to author-
ize retailers to sue to challenge the FDA's denial of a man-
ufacturer's marketing application, much less bring that le-
gal challenge in a venue that is otherwise unavailable, I
respectfully dissent.
I
The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act
empowers the Secretary of Health and Human Services,
acting through the FDA, to regulate tobacco products. See
21 U. S. C., 393(d)(2). The Act expressly applies to
many tobacco products that were popular when the Act was
enacted in 2009, such as cigarettes. See. But rec-
ognizing that markets evolve, Congress provided that the
Act would also apply to "any other tobacco products" that
the FDA "by regulation deems to be subject to" the Act.
Ibid. Within that covered-product category, the Tobacco
Control Act prohibits manufacturers from marketing with-
out FDA authorization any "new tobacco product," defined
as a product not generally available on the market as of
February 15, 2007. (1), (a)(2)(A). The statute also
prohibits any retailer from selling a "new tobacco product"
unless that product has been authorized by the FDA. See
(A), 331(a).
When a manufacturer seeks FDA authorization to mar-
ket a new tobacco product, it must submit an application to
the agency. See FDA v. Wages & White Lion Investments,
LLC, 604 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) ;. That
application must include "full reports of all information" the
manufacturer is (or should be) aware of "concerning inves-
tigations which have been made to show the health risks
of " the product. (1)(A). It must also include a list
of the product's "components, ingredients, additives, and
properties," along with a description of the manufacturing
methods and facilities. (1)(B), (C). And the man-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

ufacturer must produce any "samples of such tobacco prod-
uct" that the agency "may reasonably require."
(1)(E).
"There are many reasons why the FDA may deny mar-
keting authorization to a 'new tobacco product,' " but it must
do so if the manufacturer fails to show "that the product
'would be appropriate for the protection of the public
health.' " Id., at ___ (2)(A)).
Congress has thus placed the burden on the applicant (the
manufacturer) to persuade the FDA that its product would
help -- not hurt -- public health.
If the agency denies a manufacturer's application for fail-
ure to make this showing, or if the application is denied for
any other reason, the statute further authorizes judicial re-
view of that FDA decision. The Act specifically provides
that "any person adversely affected" by the FDA's denial
"may file a petition for judicial review of such... denial
with the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia or for the circuit in which such person resides or
has their principal place of business." (1).
The question before us today is what "any person ad-
versely affected" by the FDA's denial means in the context
of this statute.
II
A
"Read literally," the "broad language" of the Tobacco Con-
trol Act's judicial-review provision "might suggest that an
action is available to anyone who can satisfy the minimum
requirements of Article III." Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v. Static
Control Components, Inc., (2014). But,
as the majority acknowledges, this Court has not read this
or similar wording for all it is worth when interpreting
causes of action. See ante, at 4. In the administrative-law
context, we have long recognized that "adversely affected"
is a term of art that can be far more cabined than its literal
4 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

meaning suggests. Indeed, we have consistently eschewed
reading the "adversely affected" word formulation to apply
to anyone in the world who might be affected by an agency's
action, and have instead interpreted this language to refer
"only to plaintiffs whose interests 'fall within the zone of
interests protected by the law invoked.' " Lexmark, 572
U. S., at 129 ).
We call this the zone-of-interest test -- and it is, by now,
well established. Simply stated, the test "is a guide for de-
ciding whether... a particular plaintiff should be heard to
complain of a particular agency decision." Clarke v. Securi-
ties Industry Assn., (1987). "The essen-
tial inquiry is whether Congress 'intended for [this particu-
lar] class [of plaintiffs] to be relied upon to challenge agency
disregard of the law.' " Ibid. ; some altera-
tions in original). We have also explained that, at bottom,
"the reviewability question turns on congressional intent,
and all indicators helpful in discerning that intent must be
weighed." Clarke, 479 U. S., at 400. In short: "Whether a
plaintiff comes within 'the "zone of interests" ' is an issue
that requires us to determine, using traditional tools of
statutory interpretation, whether a legislatively conferred
cause of action encompasses a particular plaintiff 's claim."
Lexmark, 572 U. S., at 127.
Our decision in Lexmark illustrates how the zone-of-
interest test works in practice. The statute at issue there
authorized a suit brought by " 'any person who believes that
he or she is likely to be damaged' by a defendant's false ad-
vertising." Id., at 129 (1)). Ap-
plying the zone-of-interest test, we held that, despite the
statute's broad "any person" language, contextual clues -- 
including the statute's expressed purpose -- demonstrated
that Congress intended to permit suit only by persons who
suffered a particular type of injury (specifically, "an injury
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

to a commercial interest in reputation or sales"). 572 U. S.,
at 131 -- 132.
The Administrative Procedure Act (APA) is on the other
side of the spectrum of outcomes when the zone-of-interest
test is applied. We have long recognized that the APA's
judicial-review provision is particularly capacious. See
ante, at 5. Notably, we have observed that such breadth is
necessary in the context of that statute in order to
"preserv[e] the flexibility" of the APA's provisions, which
apply in a range of contexts. Lexmark, 572 U. S., at 130.
The majority accepts that the zone-of-interest test is the
proper legal framework for assessing the breadth of the
cause of action at issue. See ante, at 4. It also goes to great
lengths to emphasize that the zone-of-interest test operates
identically across all statutes that permit aggrieved per-
sons to sue -- be it the APA or a more specific provision. See
ante, at 5 -- 7. I wholeheartedly agree. Whatever the under-
lying statute, our task is "to determine the meaning of the
congressionally enacted provision creating a cause of ac-
tion," which we do by "apply[ing] traditional principles of
statutory interpretation." Lexmark, 572 U. S., at 128.
Sometimes, as with the APA, those contextual clues demon-
strate a cause of action's breadth. Other times, as was the
case in Lexmark, those clues suggest a narrower scope. In
each case, the question is one of Congress's intent.
B
To properly discern congressional intent about the
breadth of a particular cause of action, it is crucial to know
where to look. And, unlike the majority's opinion here, our
precedents do not merely look to the words of the cause-of-
action provision that prompted the need to inquire further
about what Congress intended. Doing so would be, of
course, entirely circular. Instead, because the zone-of-
interest test is premised on the idea that interpreting a
seemingly unbounded cause of action requires exploration
6 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

into what Congress wanted in the context of that particular
statute, we look to "the particular provision of law upon
which the plaintiff relies" for his legal claim -- that is, " 'the
statutory provision whose violation forms the legal basis for
his complaint.' " Bennett v. Spear, -- 176
(1997) ; emphasis deleted). Although one
would not know it from reading the majority's opinion, this
is blackletter law. See, e.g., Clarke, 479 U. S., at 396 -- 397;
Air Courier Conference v. Postal Workers, -- 524 (1991); Thompson v. North American Stainless,
LP, (2011).
Respondents here allege that the FDA improperly denied
a marketing application filed by R. J. Reynolds Vapor Co.
(RJR Vapor) in violation of 21 U. S. C.. So, it is that
statutory provision, not the cause of action itself, that is the
proper focus of the zone-of-interest inquiry.
Analyzing that provision (as the majority fails to do) re-
veals that is part of a statutory scheme that estab-
lishes an adjudicatory process between a manufacturer and
the FDA -- and no one else. Per that process, after the FDA
receives a manufacturer's marketing application and re-
views it, the statute requires a particular agency response:
The FDA "shall" "issue an order that the new product" ei-
ther may be, or may not be, "introduced... into interstate
commerce." (1)(A).
The FDA makes this marketing-approval decision in ac-
cordance with the statute's directives, by considering the
manufacturer's marketing application in all of its particu-
lars. See, (c). I touched on those details above,
see supra, at 2, but it bears repeating here that, by law, a
manufacturer's application must contain a "full statement
of the components, ingredients, additives, and properties"
of the proposed tobacco product; a "description of the meth-
ods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the
manufacture, processing, and... packing" of the product;
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

and, in some instances, samples of the product itself.
(1). The manufacturer gathers all of that infor-
mation and submits it directly to the FDA. That is it -- the
agency does not solicit any information from interested
third parties, such as potential consumers or retailers who
wish to sell the product, and manufacturers are not re-
quired to submit any information to the FDA on their be-
half.
Nor do retailers, in particular, have any procedural rights
whatsoever after a manufacturer submits its marketing ap-
plication. Indeed, in many circumstances, the FDA is re-
quired to deny an application without regard to the impact
that doing so might have on retailers. For example, the
FDA must deny an application if the manufacturer's pro-
duction, processing, or packing facilities fail to conform to
regulatory standards. See (2)(B). The FDA must
also deny an application if the manufacturer fails to show
"that permitting such tobacco product to be marketed would
be appropriate for the protection of the public health."
(2)(A).
This all means that, under the premarketing-approval
scheme that Congress has crafted, the interests of tobacco
retailers are entirely beside the point -- they do not factor in
at all. It is the manufacturers that have to make the requi-
site showings, and if they do a poor job, the retailers are
simply out of luck. There is no mechanism by which any
interested third party (including a retailer excited by the
prospect of being able to sell the relevant product) can sup-
plement a manufacturer's marketing application. There
are also no third-party notice requirements, and Congress
has emphasized the importance of confidentiality, so third-
party retailers may not even know that an application for
the marketing of a particular new tobacco product has been
submitted to the FDA at all, let alone that one was denied.
See (2) (requiring the FDA to serve denial notices
on applicants, but not retailers); see also (providing
8 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

that the agency may not disclose confidential information
to nonapplicants); 86 Fed. Reg. 55398 (2021) (recognizing
that "the intent to market a tobacco product that is not cur-
rently marketed is often considered confidential commer-
cial information").1
Thus, the text of the statutory provisions that create the
premarketing-approval scheme Congress adopted does not
support the conclusion that Congress promulgated this
statute with retailers' interests in mind.
C
Nor does the purpose of the Tobacco Control Act's pre-
marketing-approval or judicial-review provisions. Instead,
the statute's judicial-review mechanism operates to ensure
that those most invested in a new product's authorization
can enlist a court to double check the FDA's work. Manu-
facturers plainly fall within that category: At the time a
manufacturer applies for authorization to market a new to-
bacco product, it has already expended considerable time,
money, and effort to develop that product.
But retailers are differently situated. As a general mat-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Contrary to the majority's assertion (ante, at 8, ), the fact that

retailers can face criminal penalties for selling a tobacco product that
lacks FDA approval tells us nothing about the scope of the statute's zone
of interest related to the FDA's denial of a manufacturer's marketing ap-
plication. After all, it is not Congress's decision to deny a manufacturer's
marketing application that subjects a retailer to criminal penalties; a re-
tailer never has a legal right to sell an unauthorized product -- before or
after an application is submitted. See infra, at 9. So, although retailers
may hope that the FDA will grant a particular application, the FDA's
failure to do so does not impact the retailer's rights. What is more, the
zone-of-interest inquiry asks us to consider who Congress intended to
weigh in on the FDA's decision to deny the manufacturer authorization
to market the product. Neither Congress's general prohibition on the
sale of unauthorized tobacco products nor the mechanisms it has pro-
vided for the enforcement of that prohibition speaks to the threshold au-
thorization issue.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

ter, when a manufacturer applies for authorization to mar-
ket a new product, retailers are mere bystanders -- they do
not yet have any skin in the game. Cf., 387b(6)(A)
(clarifying that a new tobacco product may not be sold be-
fore the FDA approves it). A retailer may desire to sell an
upcoming (not-yet-approved) product -- it may even expect
to profit handsomely, if the manufacturer's application
were to be approved and the product deemed marketable.
But that kind of forward-looking interest is different in kind
from the manufacturer's backward-looking one. If the FDA
denies a manufacturer's marketing application, a retailer
might well be disappointed, but it will not lose an invest-
ment; it can stock its shelves with something else. Thus,
Congress could have rationally intended to protect manu-
facturers' reliance interests by affording them a layer of ju-
dicial review if the FDA denies a marketing application,
while feeling no need to extend similar protection to retail-
ers.
The intuition that Congress reasonably intended to draw
a distinction between the interests of manufacturers and
retailers -- and protected only the former in the instant con-
text -- is confirmed by a provision of that enables the
FDA to withdraw its prior approval of a tobacco product in
certain situations. See. That provision states that
the agency's decision to withdraw its approval of a tobacco
product may be challenged in court by only the "holder of
[the] application subject to" the withdrawal order -- in other
words, the manufacturer alone. (2). To me, this is
the single most significant piece of textual evidence bearing
on Congress's intent regarding the protection of retailers.
Under the majority's view, even though a retailer cannot
challenge the FDA's decision to withdraw its prior approval
per, it can file a lawsuit to challenge the FDA's de-
nial of a manufacturer's application in the first instance due
to the "any person adversely affected" language of the cause
of action. But as I see it, the fact that a retailer cannot
10 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

challenge a withdrawal order makes it much more likely
that Congress did not intend to permit it to challenge the
agency's initial denial of an application either -- a consistent
and reasonable result since, as I have explained, retailers
generally lack any financial stake or reliance interests in
the application's approval.
Indeed, in my view, the provision prohibiting retailers
from challenging the withdrawal of an approved application
puts the nail in the proverbial coffin of the contention that
retailers' interests are being protected by this statute.
When the FDA withdraws its marketing approval, retailers
may well have already invested considerably in the new to-
bacco product -- e.g., by purchasing inventory, setting up
store displays, or attracting new customers. But Congress
did not seem to care; the statute states plainly that only
manufacturers can file suit to challenge such withdrawal.
Why would Congress have wanted retailers to be able to
seek judicial review of the agency's initial denial (at which
point they generally lack reliance interests), but not when
the agency withdraws its approval (at which point they gen-
erally will have such interests)?
The majority offers no explanation, stating only that this
differential treatment was Congress's "choice." Ante, at 10.
But "[t]he illogic of the majority's interpretation strongly
signals that what the majority believes Congress 'chose' is
not actually what Congress intended or accomplished." Ad-
vocate Christ Medical Center v. Kennedy, 605 U. S. ___, ___
(2025) (JACKSON, J., dissenting). The more
logical inference by far is that Congress excluded retailers
from protecting their interests in the withdrawal context
precisely because retailers are not within the zone of inter-
est of this statutory scheme.
III
A
Ignoring our past edicts regarding how the zone-of-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

interest test works, the majority spends very little time
evaluating the substantive provisions of the Tobacco Con-
trol Act's marketing scheme. Instead, it zeroes in on the
language of the provision supplying the cause of action:
(1). In its view, retailers fit within that provision's
scope because, by permitting suit by " 'any person adversely
affected,' " the statute's text "suggests an intent to cover
more than one party." Ante, at 9. But as I have already
noted, fixating on the broad text of a judicial-review provi-
sion substantially similar to the ones that prompted us to
birth the zone-of-interest test gets us nowhere -- at least, no-
where remotely resembling the traditional inquiry and
what it was designed to do. This observation is fundamen-
tal; as our foundational zone-of-interest precedents recog-
nized, a literal reading of capacious cause-of-action lan-
guage renders the provision far broader than it is typically
reasonable to conclude Congress intended. Cf. Thompson,
562 U. S., at 176 -- 177 (observing that "absurd conse-
quences" about who was entitled to sue would follow if the
Court were to interpret literally a similarly worded cause of
action).
In any event, even pure textualists would have to
acknowledge that (1)'s seemingly infinite terminol-
ogy can be adequately explained by a linguistic quirk that
has little to do with Congress's "choice" to allow any argua-
bly affected person to sue. Carefully examined, the text of
this provision permits suit by "any person adversely af-
fected by" either "the promulgation of a regulation" or the
"denial of an application." (1). One way to use a
single subject to describe two different types of plaintiffs
(those who may seek to challenge an FDA regulation and
also those who may seek to challenge the FDA's denial of a
manufacturer's application) is to use a generic term, such
as "any person." By design, that generic phrasing relates
to "more than one party" and does not explain or suggest
12 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

who is included in either category. Ante, at 9. So, ulti-
mately, the "any person" phrasing the majority puts so
much stock in might just be a product of Congress's desire
to use a single statutory provision to cover both situations.
Another noteworthy problem with the majority's inter-
pretation is that it draws almost exclusively from what this
Court has said about the breadth of the cause of action in
an entirely different statute (the APA). It is certainly true
that, in the APA context, the zone-of-interest test is "not
especially demanding." Ante, at 5. But, again, we have explained that Con-
gress intended this language to be broadly interpreted as it
appears in the APA precisely because of the breadth of the
APA itself. See supra, at 5. By contrast, as I have shown,
the Tobacco Control Act's premarketing-approval scheme is
narrow: It involves an exchange between tobacco manufac-
turers and the FDA that occurs when said manufacturers
wish to market a new tobacco product. Third parties are
entirely excluded from that back-and-forth. And, notably,
that is so even when circumstances develop that do, in fact,
implicate third-party interests (such as when a retailer has
already begun marketing the product). There really is no
material similarity between the premarketing-approval
scheme Congress has constructed in the Tobacco Control
Act, on the one hand, and the various interests that the
APA protects, on the other. Consequently, the zones of in-
terest those two statutes create are completely different,
making it difficult to understand why the majority finds the
APA parallel so persuasive.
B
The majority's take on the scope of (1)'s cause of
action also fails to fully appreciate the reasoning of our
zone-of-interest precedents. The zone-of-interest analysis
here is substantially similar to that of Block,.
There, the Court held that the Agricultural Marketing
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Agreement Act of 1937 permitted only milk handlers and
producers -- not consumers -- to seek judicial review of the
Secretary of Agriculture's milk pricing orders, even though
the orders affected (indeed, harmed) consumers by increas-
ing the price of milk. Consumers were not in the zone of
interest (and thus were not "adversely affected" persons un-
der the relevant cause of action, id., at 345), the Court rea-
soned, because of the structure of the underlying adminis-
trative scheme. Milk market orders were promulgated via
a "cooperative venture" between the agency, milk handlers,
and milk producers; "[n]owhere in the Act" was there any
"provision for participation by consumers." Id., at 346 -- 347.
The Court recognized that "[i]n a complex scheme of this
type, the omission of such a provision is sufficient reason to
believe that Congress intended to foreclose consumer par-
ticipation in the regulatory process." Ibid.
In the same way that the Agricultural Marketing Agree-
ment Act contemplated collaboration between the agency,
milk handlers, and milk producers -- but not consumers -- 
the Tobacco Control Act's premarket-authorization pro-
gram contemplates collaboration between the agency and
manufacturers -- but not retailers. Therefore, here, just as
in Block, the absence of any mechanism for retailers to par-
ticipate in that collaborative premarketing-approval pro-
cess on the front end is a strong signal that Congress did
not intend to protect any interests retailers may have on
the back end, if premarketing approval is denied.
Moreover, as with the would-be plaintiff-consumers in
Block, "preclusion of [retailer] suits will not threaten reali-
zation of the fundamental objectives of the statute." Id., at
352. After all, a retailer's interest generally will be aligned
with a manufacturer's -- both want the FDA to approve the
application. Manufacturers, then, can "be expected to chal-
lenge unlawful agency action and to ensure that the stat-
ute's objectives will not be frustrated." Ibid.; cf. Joint Anti-
Fascist Refugee Comm. v. McGrath, 
14 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

(1951) (Frankfurter, J., concurring) (recognizing that the
likelihood that a person would be "adequately protected" by
the party who is able to challenge the underlying Govern-
ment action is a "relevant consideration" when determining
the scope of judicial review).
The majority dismisses Block in a footnote, arguing that
it is "readily distinguishable" because the statute provided
that certain industry participants could seek judicial re-
view only "after first exhausting administrative remedies."
Ante, at 11 -- 12,. But Block is not an exhaustion case.
Rather, the Court held that consumers' inability to partici-
pate in the administrative process was in and of itself a
"sufficient reason" to believe that Congress intended to ex-
clude consumers from using the statutory cause of action to
seek judicial review of the relevant agency action. 467
U. S., at 347.2
Applying the plainly analogous reasoning of Block to the
question presented in this case gets us to the most straight-
forward answer: Like the consumers in Block, the retailers
here are beyond the zone of interest and thus cannot invoke
the cause of action. But instead of just applying Block, the
majority opts to rely on a number of cases interpreting
causes of action that are far less similar to the statute at
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 In any event, permitting retailers to sue would "frustrat[e]" the stat-

utory scheme at issue here, too. Ante, at 11 -- 12,. When the FDA
denies a manufacturer's application, the manufacturer faces a choice. It
can (1) stand on its initial application and challenge the FDA's denial in
court; (2) attempt to address its application's shortcomings (by, for ex-
ample, fixing the part of its manufacturing or processing facilities that
the FDA deemed insufficient, see 21 U. S. C. (2)(B)); or (3) give
up on the product. Allowing retailers to challenge the denial in court
deprives the manufacturer of agency over its own application, and risks
manufacturers and retailers taking inconsistent actions after an appli-
cation is denied. Of course, there may be times in which a retailer and a
manufacturer are in lockstep. But, in that situation, one wonders why a
retailer needs to be able to sue at all -- beyond, of course, its desire to
bring a legal challenge in a venue unavailable to the manufacturer. See
infra, at 17 -- 18.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

issue here. Ante, at 4 -- 8.
Those cases are really of no help because, in each of them,
the plaintiff was expressly protected by the statute at issue,
and thus fit well within the zone of interest. In Thompson,
for example, we had no trouble concluding that an employee
injured by his employer's unlawful retaliation fell within
the zone of interests of a statute whose purpose was "to pro-
tect employees from their employers' unlawful actions."
562 U. S., at 178. And in Bank of America Corp. v. Miami,
(2017), the statute had specifically defined
" 'aggrieved person' " to include " 'any person who... claims
to have been injured by a discriminatory housing practice,' "
when the plaintiff there had made that claim. Id., at 193.
The majority makes much of the Court's statements in
those cases that the statutes at issue permitted suit by an-
yone whose interests were at least " ' "arguably... protected
by the statute." ' " Ante, at 7. But the retailers here cannot even
satisfy that formulation of the standard. The majority ex-
plains how retailers may be affected by but never ar-
ticulates how retailers are protected by this statute -- not ar-
guably, and certainly not actually. See ante, at 8, and,
9. That's because they can't. No matter how long you stare
at, you will not find anything looking out for retailers.
They are simply not protected by the provision at all.
IV
Finally, when evaluating Congress's intent regarding the
scope of the cause of action it established in (1), we
should keep in mind, too, that this provision does not
merely authorize judicial review of agency determinations
at the behest of "any person adversely affected." Congress
also specifically prescribed where that review must be
sought. Again, the text states that "any person adversely
affected" by the FDA's denial "may file a petition for judicial
review of such... denial with the United States Court of
16 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Appeals for the District of Columbia or for the circuit in
which such person resides or has their principal place of
business." (1).
No one disputes that RJR Vapor itself qualifies as a "per-
son adversely affected" by the FDA's denial of its marketing
application. Therefore, it is not as though RJR Vapor had
no options -- it most certainly could have brought a lawsuit
challenging the FDA's denial in the D.C. Circuit or in the
Fourth Circuit, where it has its principal place of business.3
So, stepping back, one wonders: Why does it even matter
whether the tobacco retailers RJR Vapor has chosen to pair
up with have the ability to sue?
The above-quoted statutory text provides the answer. As
it turns out, at the time RJR Vapor filed its application, the
D. C. Circuit and the Fourth Circuit had each already re-
jected on the merits similar challenges that other flavored
e-cigarette manufacturers had filed. See Avail Vapor, LLC
v. FDA, 55 F. 4th 409, 413, 422 (CA4 2022); Prohibition
Juice Co. v. FDA, 45 F. 4th 8, 12, 20 -- 21 (CADC 2022). It
thus became (perhaps) imperative from RJR Vapor's per-
spective that its own lawsuit challenging the FDA's denial
of its flavored e-cigarette marketing applications be filed
somewhere else. To accomplish that objective -- i.e., to facil-
itate RJR Vapor's end run around (1)'s venue re-
strictions -- RJR Vapor needed another party to bring its le-
gal challenge to court.
It is not hard to see where this is going. RJR Vapor
teamed up with a Texas-based retailer that sold the rele-
vant e-cigarettes -- respondent Avail Vapor Texas, LLC -- 
and, together, they filed a joint petition in the Fifth Circuit,
challenging the FDA's denial of RJR Vapor's application.4
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 RJR Vapor is incorporated in North Carolina and maintains its prin-

cipal place of business there too.
4 Two other parties were also included on the petition: the Mississippi

Petroleum Marketers and Convenience Stores Association and an RJR
Vapor corporate affiliate that sold the relevant product. The presence of
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The possibility that the courts would allow venue to be es-
tablished based on Avail Vapor's presence on the petition
gave RJR Vapor hope that its substantive legal challenge
would move forward in a more applicant-friendly venue.5
From RJR Vapor's strategic litigating standpoint, neither
Congress's intent concerning the scope of the cause of ac-
tion, nor the fact that retailers were not front of mind for
Congress when it crafted the premarketing-approval provi-
sions of the Tobacco Control Act (see Part II, supra) mat-
tered much. Regardless, it was critical for the retailers to
participate as plaintiffs if RJR Vapor was going to success-
fully skirt (1)'s venue restrictions and steer this
case to the preferred -- but unauthorized -- forum.
This is, of course, precisely the kind of manipulation that
the pesky zone-of-interest test operates to prevent, insofar
as it requires (1) to be interpreted consistent with
what Congress cared about when it crafted that statute (in-
cluding, presumably, its venue-related policies), rather
than with undue adherence to whatever might be necessary
to advance a party's litigating interests. And, ultimately,
for present purposes, the distinction between what Con-
gress wanted when it enacted (1) and what some
tobacco manufacturers want to do now is particularly acute.
As we consider who can sue under (1), it is im-
portant to acknowledge that the statute Congress enacted
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
these parties does not affect the legal analysis.
5 Although a Fifth Circuit panel had rejected a similar arbitrary-and-

capricious challenge levied against the FDA's denial of a similar applica-
tion, see Wages & White Lion Investments, L.L.C. v. FDA, 41 F. 4th 427,
430, 436 -- 439 (2022), the Circuit had vacated that decision and granted
rehearing en banc at the point in which RJR Vapor and Avail Vapor filed
their joint action, see 58 F. 4th 233, 234 (2023). That vacatur strongly
suggested that the full Fifth Circuit would come out against the FDA -- 
as, indeed, it eventually did. See 90 F. 4th 357, 362, 371 (2024) (en banc).
We later vacated the Fifth Circuit's en banc decision, disagreeing with
its primary holding. See FDA v. Wages & White Lion Investments, LLC,
604 U. S. ___, ___ (2025).
18 FDA v. R. J. REYNOLDS VAPOR CO.

JACKSON, J., dissenting

also articulates a clear venue mandate: Thwarted tobacco
manufacturers have a cause of action to challenge the
FDA's denial of their marketing applications in court, but
they must litigate their interests in the designated venues
and, presumably, not elsewhere -- including through proxy
suits that third parties file in other places on their behalf.
* * *
The majority correctly acknowledges that the disputed
"any person adversely affected" language in (1) of
the Tobacco Control Act implicates our well-established
zone-of-interest test. All agree, too, that, under the zone-of-
interest test, the watchword is congressional intent. But I
would proceed to determine Congress's intent as normal, by
applying the traditional tools of statutory interpretation to
investigate the scope of -- the provision that re-
spondents argue the FDA violated. Every available indica-
tor reveals that Congress intended to permit manufactur-
ers -- not retailers -- to challenge the denial of a
manufacturers' marketing application (and to do so only in
the designated courts). In concluding otherwise, the major-
ity not only opens up an avenue for judicial review that Con-
gress did not intend, it also allows manufacturers like RJR
Vapor to evade the statute's venue requirements.

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Tax Code authorizes the Internal Revenue Service to
levy on -- in other words, to seize and sell -- a taxpayer's
property to collect unpaid taxes. 26 U. S. C.. Be-
fore a levy goes forward, however, the taxpayer has the
right to a hearing at which she can dispute issues relating
to the levy. -- (b). At the hearing, an appeals of-
ficer considers the taxpayer's arguments and renders a "de-
termination" about whether the levy can proceed.
(3). If the appeals officer sustains the levy, the tax-
payer can seek review in the United States Tax Court.
(1).
This case presents a procedural twist. While Jennifer
Zuch's appeal was pending before the Tax Court, she over-
paid her taxes -- and the IRS applied those overpayments
against her alleged tax liability, thereby eliminating any
justification for a levy. Yet Zuch wanted the appeal to con-
tinue. She still disputed the debt that prompted the levy,
and she hoped that a victory before the Tax Court would
force the IRS to refund her overpayments. We must decide
whether the Tax Court had jurisdiction to hear Zuch's ap-
peal once the possibility of a levy was off the table. It did not.
2 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Opinion of the Court

I
A
The typical way to dispute a tax liability is to pay first
and then seek a refund. 26 U. S. C. (barring most
"suit[s] for the purpose of restraining the assessment or col-
lection of any tax"); see also 28 U. S. C. (barring
declaratory judgments in actions "with respect to Federal
taxes"). In certain circumstances, however, Congress has
given taxpayers the option of prepayment judicial review.
A levy is one such exception. When a taxpayer who is "lia-
ble to pay [a] tax neglects or refuses to pay the same," the
IRS may "levy upon all property and rights to property" be-
longing to the taxpayer. 26 U. S. C.. But because
the seizure and sale of property has serious consequences
for the taxpayer, see, Congress requires the IRS to
give the taxpayer an opportunity to request a hearing be-
fore the levy is made, -- (b), (e)(1). In the tax world,
this is called a "collection due process hearing."
An appeals officer in the IRS Independent Office of Ap-
peals conducts the collection due process hearing.
(3). At it, the taxpayer "may raise... any relevant
issue relating to the unpaid tax or the proposed levy," such
as "appropriate spousal defenses," "challenges to the appro-
priateness of collection actions," or "offers of collection al-
ternatives." (2)(A). The taxpayer "may also raise
at the hearing challenges to the existence or amount of the
underlying tax liability" if the taxpayer did not previously
have an opportunity to dispute the tax liability.
(2)(B). The appeals officer then makes a "determi-
nation," which "shall take into consideration" various fac-
tors, including "the issues raised" by the taxpayer.
(3).
Within 30 days of the appeals officer's determination, the
taxpayer may "petition the Tax Court for review of such de-
termination." (1). The decision of the Tax Court is
reviewable in the federal courts of appeals..
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

B
In the fall of 2012, Jennifer Zuch and her then-husband
Patrick Gennardo separately filed untimely 2010 federal in-
come tax returns. Zuch's return reported no outstanding
tax obligations, but Gennardo's reflected a substantial bal-
ance due. To resolve this balance, as well as other outstand-
ing tax liabilities, Gennardo submitted an offer in compro-
mise to the IRS. See. This offer implicated
estimated tax payments -- totaling $50,000 -- that the cou-
ple had already sent to the IRS. After Gennardo submitted
his offer, the IRS applied these payments to his account as
a married-filing-separate taxpayer, thereby settling his
debt.
A few weeks later, Zuch filed an amended 2010 tax return
that reported an additional $71,000 in income from a retire-
ment distribution, generating almost $28,000 in tax liabil-
ity. But Zuch also claimed that the $50,000 in estimated
tax payments should be credited to her account, entitling
her to a net refund of about $22,000.
The IRS disagreed. Because it had already allocated the
$50,000 to Gennardo, it refused to apply the estimated pay-
ments to Zuch. Instead, the IRS informed her that it in-
tended to levy on her property to collect what it deemed to
be unpaid taxes. Zuch requested a collection due process
hearing, at which she asserted that the IRS should have
credited the estimated tax payments to her account. The
appeals officer rejected her argument and sent Zuch a No-
tice of Determination sustaining the levy action. Zuch then
appealed to the Tax Court, which remanded the case back
to the Office of Appeals for further factual development.
The Office sustained the levy, and proceedings resumed in
the Tax Court.
The process spanned several years, and on multiple occa-
sions during this period, Zuch filed an income tax return
reporting an overpayment that entitled her to a refund. But
each time, instead of issuing a refund, the IRS credited the
4 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Opinion of the Court

overpayment against Zuch's supposedly outstanding 2010
tax liability. See (authorizing the Secretary to
"credit the amount of [any] overpayment... against any li-
ability in respect of an internal revenue tax on the part of
the person who made the overpayment"). As these credits
accumulated, Zuch gradually paid down the balance, and
when it hit zero, the IRS moved to dismiss the Tax Court
proceeding as moot. Because Zuch no longer owed any
money, there was no longer any justification for a levy on
her property. Thus, the IRS argued, the Tax Court lacked
jurisdiction over the appeal from the collection due process
hearing. (After all, the proposed levy was the hearing's rai-
son d'être.) The Tax Court agreed, concluding that it had
no freestanding "jurisdiction to determine an overpayment
or to order a refund or credit of tax paid in a section 6330
proceeding." App. to Pet. for Cert. 43a. So if Zuch wanted
to recover her overpayments -- which would require her to
prevail in her long-running dispute with the IRS about her
2010 tax liability -- she would have to initiate a refund ac-
tion. In short, she would have to start over.
Frustrated, Zuch appealed to the Third Circuit, which va-
cated the Tax Court's dismissal and held that the IRS's de-
cision not to pursue the levy did not moot the Tax Court
proceedings. 97 F. 4th 81, 86 (2024). The Third Circuit rea-
soned that (2)(B) authorizes Zuch to raise " 'chal-
lenges to the existence or amount of the underlying tax lia-
bility,' " and Zuch still disputed the IRS's allocation of the
$50,000 in estimated tax payments to her ex-husband. Id.,
at 97 -- 98. And in the Third Circuit's view, a declaration by
the Tax Court in Zuch's favor would not be a dead letter
because a declaration might be preclusive in a future refund
proceeding by Zuch against the IRS. Id., at 103 -- 104.1 So
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The Third Circuit also held that Zuch's claim was not moot on the

theory that the IRS had unlawfully withheld her refunds and used them
to offset her tax liability. See 97 F. 4th, at 94 -- 97. Zuch has not defended
this portion of the Third Circuit's reasoning, so we decline to consider it
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

while the Tax Court could not itself order the IRS to give
Zuch a refund, it could enter a declaration that Zuch might
be able to use to secure one.
In reaching this conclusion, the Third Circuit acknowl-
edged that it was "part[ing] ways" with the Fourth and
D. C. Circuits, which have held that the Tax Court lacks
jurisdiction over a collection due process proceeding when
there is no longer an underlying levy. Id., at 98; see McLane
v. Commissioner, 24 F. 4th 316, 319 (CA4 2022); Willson v.
Commissioner, 805 F. 3d 316, 321 (CADC 2015). We
granted certiorari to resolve the split. 604 U. S. ___ (2025).
II
A
"The Tax Court is a court of limited jurisdiction." Com-
missioner v. McCoy, (1987) (per curiam); see
also. The parties agree that the only jurisdiction-
conferring provision applicable here is (1), which
states that the Tax Court "shall have jurisdiction" to "re-
view" a "determination" made by an appeals officer in a col-
lection due process hearing.
What matters, then, is the scope of a "determination" un-
der (1). As the Government sees it, a "determina-
tion" is simply a decision as to whether a levy may go for-
ward; if there is no longer a proposed levy, there is no
adverse determination of which the taxpayer may seek re-
view in the Tax Court. By contrast, Zuch argues that a "de-
termination" encompasses the appeals officer's resolution of
all the issues raised by the taxpayer at the collection due
process hearing. Here, the appeals officer concluded that
the $50,000 in estimated tax payments should be credited
to Gennardo. The Tax Court can still review that conclu-
sion, Zuch insists, even though the IRS abandoned the pos-
sible levy. And Zuch contends that if the Tax Court agrees

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
as an alternative ground for affirmance.
6 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Opinion of the Court

with her, the IRS would then refund her the amount it had
withheld.
We agree with the Government: The "determination" in
(1) refers to the binary decision whether a levy may
proceed. Section 6330(c)(3), which sets forth the basis for
an appeals officer's "determination," states that it "shall
take into consideration" three things: (A) a verification that
the IRS has complied with "any applicable law"; (B) the "is-
sues raised" by the taxpayer; and (C) whether the levy "bal-
ances the need for the efficient collection of taxes" against
concerns that a levy "be no more intrusive than necessary."
The statute thus distinguishes between "consideration[s]"
that inform the appeals officer's "determination" and the
"determination" itself. In other words, the statute speaks
in terms of inputs (the three considerations articulated in
(3)(A) -- (C)) and an output (the appeals officer's ul-
timate "determination"). Here, the dispute about Zuch's es-
timated tax payments was an input into the "determina-
tion": an "issu[e] raised" by Zuch that the appeals officer
was required to consider. (3)(B). The "determina-
tion" was the appeals officer's decision upholding the IRS's
decision to issue a levy.2 App. to Pet. for Cert. 63a.
Statutory context also supports the Government's inter-
pretation. Recall the default rule: Taxpayers cannot chal-
lenge disputes about tax liability without first paying the
disputed taxes.. Had the IRS offset Zuch's over-
payments against her tax bill without pursuing a levy,
Zuch's only option would have been to sue for a refund. She
was able to depart from the ordinary course only because
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The dissent suggests that the Tax Court "may review the full scope of

a 'determination,' including its resolution of a taxpayer's 'unpaid tax' or
her 'underlying tax liability.' " Post, at 6 -- 7 (opinion of GORSUCH, J.). In
our view, however, this begs the key question: What is a determination?
The dissent simply assumes that a determination incorporates the con-
siderations that inform it. But for the reasons we provide, that view is
mistaken.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

the IRS proposed a levy, which triggered her right to a col-
lection due process hearing. See (1) ("No levy may
be made on any property or right to property of any person
unless the Secretary has notified such person in writing of
their right to a hearing under this section before such levy
is made"). So, as one might expect, focuses on a pro-
posed levy. The provision is titled "Notice and opportunity
for hearing before levy." The notice must occur "not less
than 30 days before the day of the first levy," (2),
and must include information about the levy, such as the
statutory provisions "relating to levy and sale of property,"
"the procedures applicable to the levy and sale of property,"
and the "procedures relating to redemption of property and
release of liens on property," (3)(C). The scope of
the hearing tracks its purpose: The taxpayer may raise only
issues that pertain to the levy. See (2)(A) ("any rel-
evant issue relating to the unpaid tax or the proposed
levy"); (2)(B) ("challenges to the existence or
amount of the underlying tax liability").
Given 's unwavering focus on levies and the default
rule requiring postpayment suits, it would be strange if a
taxpayer could use a appeal to resolve tax disputes
that no longer have any connection to an ongoing levy.
Finally, we are skeptical that the Tax Court has author-
ity to provide any relief under that goes beyond an
order enjoining a levy. Section 6330(e)(1) authorizes the
Tax Court to "enjoi[n]" "the beginning of a levy or proceed-
ing," but it may do so "only in respect of the unpaid tax or
proposed levy to which the determination being appealed
relates." The provision does not authorize the Tax Court to
order a refund or to issue a declaratory judgment that re-
solves disputes about tax liability. Of course, as Zuch notes,
the authority to issue injunctive relief against a levy neces-
sarily includes the ability to make declarations about the
validity of the tax obligations underlying it. But not when
8 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

Opinion of the Court

there is no levy. Without a levy, the Tax Court has no au-
thority to render such conclusions.3
B
Given these statutory constraints, the Tax Court properly
dismissed Zuch's appeal. The appeals officer issued a "de-
termination" that the IRS's proposed levy on Zuch's prop-
erty could go forward. The Tax Court had jurisdiction to
review that determination -- that is, to decide whether the
levy could (or could not) go forward. As part of that review,
the Tax Court initially had authority to determine whether
the appeals officer's predicate conclusions -- like whether
the $50,000 should have been credited exclusively to Gen-
nardo -- were correct.
Once the IRS used Zuch's overpayments to zero out the
balance she allegedly owed, there was no longer any basis
for a levy -- thus, there was no relevant "determination" for
the Tax Court to review. At this point, Zuch's appeal
amounted to a request that the Tax Court issue an opinion
on a disputed question of tax liability independent of any
ongoing collection effort. Because the Tax Court lacked ju-
risdiction to do so, it was right to dismiss the case.4
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The dissent suggests that the Tax Court "could enjoin the IRS from

pursuing 'any action' to seek or retain money from [Zuch] for [the 2010]
tax year or from making any contrary decision about the matter." Post,
at 7 (opinion of GORSUCH, J.). But there is nothing to enjoin, nor could
there be. Because Zuch satisfied her outstanding tax liability, the IRS
has no reason to try to "seek" money from Zuch. Ibid. In fact, that is the
entire reason the IRS dropped its proposed levy. So the dissent's sugges-
tion simply underscores why the Tax Court lacks jurisdiction to provide
Zuch any further relief.
4 The parties have briefed the issues here primarily in terms of moot-

ness. It is indeed possible that the IRS's decision not to proceed with a
levy mooted the proceedings in the Tax Court: If the Tax Court lacks the
authority to issue the sort of preclusive declaratory judgment that Zuch
seeks, then Zuch is effectively asking the court for an advisory opinion.
And because the Tax Court applies principles of Article III jurisdiction
to itself, this conclusion would have separately warranted dismissal. See
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

Of course, none of this means that Zuch lacks recourse
against the IRS. Like any taxpayer, she may file a postdep-
rivation suit for a refund, see 28 U. S. C. (1),
1491(a)(1), which she has in fact already done, see Com-
plaint in Zuch v. United States, No. 2:25 -- cv -- 01900 (D NJ,
Mar. 14, 2025).
* * *
Because there was no longer a proposed levy, the Tax
Court properly concluded that it lacked jurisdiction to re-
solve questions about Zuch's disputed tax liability. The
judgment of the Third Circuit is reversed, and the case is
remanded for further proceedings consistent with this opin-
ion.
It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Battat v. Commissioner, 148 T. C. 32, 46 (2017). We view our decision,
however, as resting not on mootness but instead on the limits of the Tax
Court's statutory jurisdiction under 26 U. S. C..
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 416
_________________

COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE,
PETITIONER v. JENNIFER ZUCH
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT
[June 12, 2025]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, dissenting.
Like many Americans, Jennifer Zuch wound up owing
money on her taxes. When the Internal Revenue Service
told her that she had failed to pay all she owed for 2010, her
(then) husband responded by paying the bill. But instead
of applying that payment to resolve her liability, the agency
used the money to satisfy her husband's separate tax debt.
The agency did so even after Ms. Zuch's husband insisted
the money was meant for her tab, not his. Then, because it
deemed Ms. Zuch's liability still outstanding, the agency
sought to seize and sell her property in a levy.
Ms. Zuch spent more than a decade challenging the IRS's
moves before the agency and, later, the Tax Court. Finally,
just as the Tax Court was poised to rule, the IRS moved to
dismiss Ms. Zuch's case. It did not do so because it admitted
its mistake in crediting her husband's payment to the
wrong account. Instead, the agency told the court, it had
determined that Ms. Zuch overpaid her taxes in later years,
and it had decided to keep (rather than refund) those over-
payments to satisfy her (disputed) 2010 debt. So, the IRS
continued, a levy was no longer needed and the court should
therefore dismiss the case. The Tax Court agreed, reason-
ing that the IRS's decision to drop the levy deprived it of
jurisdiction over the dispute. See 97 F. 4th 81, 88 -- 91 (CA3
2024).
2 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

The Court endorses that decision. I would not. Ms. Zuch
still had a live claim pending before the Tax Court. She
argued that the IRS erred by failing to credit her husband's
payment to her tax debt, so she owed the agency nothing for
2010. Had she prevailed on that claim, the IRS would have
had no basis for keeping her overpayments in later years.
Nothing prevented the Tax Court from saying as much. To-
day's decision holding otherwise leaves Ms. Zuch with no
meaningful way to pursue her argument that the IRS erred
or to recoup the overpayments she believes the IRS has
wrongly retained. Along the way, the Court's decision
hands the IRS a powerful new tool to avoid accountability
for its mistakes in future cases like this one.
I
To see where the Court and I differ, a little background
helps. As many taxpayers know, the IRS can collect unpaid
taxes by seizing and selling a taxpayer's property in a levy.
But, before the agency can take that step, it must afford the
taxpayer an opportunity to request a hearing before the
IRS's in-house Office of Appeals. 26 U. S. C.. At
the hearing, the taxpayer may raise "any relevant issue re-
lating to the unpaid tax or the proposed levy" and (if she
hasn't previously had the chance to do so) challenge "the
existence or amount of [her] underlying tax liability."
(2).
After the hearing, the Office of Appeals issues a "deter-
mination." (3). By statute, a "determination by an
appeals officer... shall take into consideration" various
matters. Ibid. They include whether the IRS has followed
all "applicable" legal rules, whether a levy is "no more in-
trusive than necessary," and whether the IRS has explained
away the "issues raised" by the taxpayer -- which, remem-
ber, may include a challenge to the "unpaid tax" or to the
"underlying tax liability." (1) -- (3).
Once the Office of Appeals issues a "determination," the
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

taxpayer can seek review in the Tax Court -- another ad-
ministrative tribunal within the Executive Branch. See
Part III, infra. Section 6330(d)(1) provides that a taxpayer
"may, within 30 days of a determination under this section,
petition the Tax Court for review of such determination
(and the Tax Court shall have jurisdiction with respect to
such matter)." (Emphasis added.) If the Tax Court con-
cludes that the Office of Appeals erred, it may "enjoin any
action or proceeding... in respect of the unpaid tax or pro-
posed levy to which the determination being appealed re-
lates," (1), or else "remand [the] case" to the Office
of Appeals for further proceedings, Internal Revenue Man-
ual.22.9.16(1) (Nov. 13, 2013); see also, e.g., Drake v.
Commissioner, 92 TCM 37, 44 (2006).
II
Where should all this leave Ms. Zuch? As the above
sketch illustrates, the Tax Court's jurisdiction over her case
hinged on the presence of a timely appealed "determina-
tion" by the Office of Appeals. Ante, at 3, 8. Everyone
agrees we have that here. As we have seen, too, a "deter-
mination" may address whether a taxpayer actually owes
any "unpaid tax" or has any "underlying tax liability."
(1) -- (3). Everyone agrees we have that here too,
for the "determination" in Ms. Zuch's case both approved a
levy and rejected her argument that she had already fully
satisfied her 2010 tax bill thanks to her husband's payment.
Brief for Petitioner 9; ante, at 8.
Those undisputed facts should lead to a straightforward
conclusion: Because the Tax Court had before it a valid de-
termination, it had jurisdiction to review all the issues ad-
dressed in that determination, including whether the IRS
was wrong to say Ms. Zuch owed money for 2010. Had the
Tax Court ruled for Ms. Zuch on that issue, its decision
would have had other important consequences too, for it
would have deprived the IRS of its sole justification for
4 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

keeping, rather than refunding, Ms. Zuch's later overpay-
ments.
The fact that the IRS announced its intention to drop its
levy is immaterial. Nothing in the statute before us sug-
gests that the IRS can deprive the Tax Court of jurisdiction
simply by withdrawing a levy. To the contrary, three key
features of the statutory scheme we have already encoun-
tered preclude that conclusion.
First, (1) governs the Tax Court's jurisdiction. It
provides that the Tax Court "shall have jurisdiction" over
"such matter" -- a phrase that refers back to the Office of
Appeals's "determination" in the taxpayer's case under
(3). See Boechler v. Commissioner, -- 205 (2022); accord, ante, at 5. That command is man-
datory, and it nowhere uses the word "levy." The absence
of that term is telling, too, given that Congress used it al-
most 30 times elsewhere in. Had Congress wished
the Tax Court's jurisdiction to rise and fall with a levy, it
obviously knew how to say so. Congress's decision instead
to link jurisdiction to a "determination" is one we must re-
spect, not allow the IRS to rewrite as it pleases. See Felici-
ano v. Department of Transportation, 605 U. S. ___, ___
(2025).
Second, (2) provides that a "determination" may
address not just an up-or-down decision on a levy but also
other matters raised before the Office of Appeals, including
a taxpayer's claim that she has no "unpaid tax" or "under-
lying tax liability." And, the statute tells us, resolution of
those issues forms the "[b]asis" for the determination, supplying textual evidence that "a determination
incorporates the considerations that inform it," contra,
ante, at 6,. Confirming as much, the Tax Court itself
has observed that its "jurisdiction is defined by the scope of
the determination" and, as a result, it may consider "chal-
lenges to the existence or amount of the underlying tax lia-
bility" if "raised by the taxpayer" and resolved by the Office
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

of Appeals. Freije v. Commissioner, 125 T. C. 14, 25 (2005);
accord, Sego v. Commissioner, 114 T. C. 605, 610 (2000); 26
CFR.6330 -- 1, A -- F3 (2024). As we have seen, the Office
of Appeals's determination in this case expressly addressed
Ms. Zuch's claim that she had no unpaid taxes or underly-
ing liability for 2010.
Third, (1) grants the Tax Court the power to is-
sue injunctions against "any action or proceeding... in re-
spect of the unpaid tax or proposed levy to which the deter-
mination being appealed relates.". That
disjunctive phrasing suggests the Tax Court may enjoin
"any" IRS "action" relating to the "unpaid tax" -- even if the
action is not a "proposed levy." (1); see Encino Mo-
torcars, LLC v. Navarro, (2018). Potential
IRS actions relating to an "unpaid tax" include various "col-
lection alternatives," (2)(A), and decisions about
"whether [a tax] liability remains unpaid," Brief for Peti-
tioner 25, (internal quotation marks omitted; emphasis
deleted); see 97 F. 4th, at 88. Accordingly, had the Tax
Court found that Ms. Zuch owed nothing for 2010, it could
have wielded its remedial authority under (1) to en-
join the IRS from engaging in "any action" to collect that
debt. An injunction could stop the IRS from asserting its
entitlement to retain Ms. Zuch's later overpayments. See
Part IV, infra.1
Until recently, even the IRS would have agreed with all
this. As the IRS once put it, a "motion to dismiss" is "inap-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The Court says there is no action left to enjoin in Ms. Zuch's case

because the IRS already has her money. Ante, at 8,. But everyone
agrees that Ms. Zuch may still seek a refund for at least some (but not
all) of the overpayments in later years. Ante, at 9; Part IV, infra. And
an injunction here could prevent the IRS from taking actions in those
proceedings asserting its entitlement to the money. Even beyond that,
there is the possibility that the IRS would heed the Tax Court's view of
Ms. Zuch's case and refund all her later overpayments. Part III, infra.
6 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

propriate" in the Tax Court proceedings as long as a tax-
payer (as here) still contests "the existence or amount" of
her tax liability. Dept. of Treasury, IRS Office of Chief
Counsel, Notice CC -- 2003 -- 016 (May 29, 2003). Nor would
it matter, the IRS continued, if the taxpayer had already
"paid" the disputed tax -- a development that, pretty
plainly, would avoid any need for a levy. Ibid.; accord, IRS
Notice CC -- 2005 -- 008 (May 19, 2005); 97 F. 4th, at 100 -- 101,
and. Now, of course, the IRS has changed its mind
and taken just the opposite view. But, when the govern-
ment switches position and advances a new statutory con-
struction that tilts the playing field in its favor, "no one
should be surprised if its latest utterance isn't the most con-
vincing one." Bittner v. United States, (2023).
III
At the IRS's urging, the Court today upholds the Tax
Court's dismissal of Ms. Zuch's claims. In doing so, the
Court embraces the agency's (present) view that the Tax
Court is powerless to resolve a case once the IRS
abandons a levy. But the three arguments the IRS ad-
vances (and the Court adopts) in support of that conclusion
do not come close to proving it.
The IRS first posits that the word "determination" in
(1) "refers to the binary decision whether a levy
may proceed." Ante, at 6; Brief for Petitioner 19. So when
the Office of Appeals issues a "determination," the IRS says,
that office simply decides whether a levy is appropriate.
And given that, the IRS extrapolates, the Tax Court's juris-
diction must also be limited to assessing the propriety of a
levy. See id., at 19 -- 21.
The statute the IRS imagines is not the statute we have.
Congress did not say that a "determination" refers to a bi-
nary decision whether a levy may proceed. Instead, Con-
gress said that the Tax Court may review the full scope of a
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

"determination," including its resolution of a taxpayer's
"unpaid tax" or her "underlying tax liability." (2),
(d)(1). Congress discussed levies in many other places in
and it easily could have said that the Tax Court may
review only a "determination whether the levy may go for-
ward." Yet nothing like that italicized condition appears in
Congress's work.2
Next, the IRS suggests that the Tax Court's jurisdiction
must be limited to assessing levies because the only remedy
it can issue is an order directing the government "not to
pursue a levy." Brief for Petitioner 20. Along similar but
more restrained lines, the Court expresses "skeptic[ism]"
that the Tax Court's remedial authority extends beyond en-
joining a levy. Ante, at 7.
Whether full-throated or half-hearted, that argument,
too, disregards the statute's terms. Remember, (1)
permits the Tax Court to enjoin "any action" by the IRS re-
lating to the "unpaid tax or the proposed levy." See Part I,
supra; cf. ante, at 7. So, if the Tax Court were to conclude
that Ms. Zuch is right -- that her husband paid her bill and
she owes nothing for 2010 -- then it could enjoin the IRS
from pursuing "any action" to seek or retain money from her
for that tax year or from making any contrary decision
about the matter. And, as we have seen, that relief would
effectively foreclose the agency from asserting any lawful
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Seeking a textual hook for its view that a "determination" really

means a "levy," the Court observes that a "determination" must be some-
thing separate from the "considerations" that inform it, like the tax-
payer's underlying liability. Ante, at 6. That hardly helps. Of course, a
"determination" is not the same as the issues it resolves. But that does
not mean the Tax Court is powerless to review the considerations that
inform a "determination." Indeed, the Court admits that the Tax Court
can attend to such "predicate conclusions" while a levy is ongoing. Ante,
at 8. So why would things play out differently once the IRS no longer
intends a levy? As even the government concedes, abandoning a levy
does not withdraw or vacate an adverse IRS "determination." Tr. of Oral
Arg. 11 -- 12.
8 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

entitlement to Ms. Zuch's overpayments in later years.
The IRS's remedial theory suffers another flaw, too.
Sometimes, of course, developments during litigation that
leave an Article III court powerless to issue any binding re-
lief can present a jurisdictional problem. The Constitution,
after all, authorizes federal courts to entertain only live
cases and controversies, not moot ones where it is no longer
possible "to grant any effectual relief" to the parties. Chafin
v. Chafin, (2013). But, as the Court
seems to recognize, ante, at 9, that constitutional con-
straint does not apply to the Tax Court. Name notwith-
standing, that body is not part of the Judicial Branch. In-
stead, it exercises Article II "[e]xecutive authority as part
of the Executive Branch." Kuretski v. Commissioner, 755 F.
3d 929, 932 (CADC 2014).3 So when the Tax Court ad-
dresses a tax dispute and returns it to the Office of Appeals,
it is just one executive agency advising another about how
to enforce federal law in a particular setting. And even
without an injunction compelling it to do so, the Office of
Appeals may choose to follow the Tax Court's views when
carrying out its duty to resolve "tax controversies... to the
maximum extent possible through an administrative settle-
ment." Internal Revenue Manual.1.1.1.1 (Jan. 9, 2024).
For taxpayers like Ms. Zuch, that may be all the relief they
need.
Without statutory text on its side, the IRS resorts to leg-
islative history. Citing a committee report, the agency con-
tends that Congress meant for proceedings in the Tax
Court to be rare and few, and for most "[c]hallenges to the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 See also Crim v. Commissioner, 66 F. 4th 999, 1000 (CADC 2023)

(holding that the Tax Court remains "part of the Executive Branch" not-
withstanding a statutory amendment, confirming its "inde-
peden[ce]"); Freytag v. Commissioner, (1991) (Scalia,
J., concurring in part and concurring in judgment) ("It seems to me en-
tirely obvious that the Tax Court, like the Internal Revenue Service,...
exercises executive power").
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

assessment of a tax" to be brought in "post-payment refund
suits" or "pre-payment deficiency actions" in federal district
court. Brief for Petitioner 23 ); see ante, at 6 -- 7. That background rule, the IRS
says, counsels against reading to allow the Tax Court
to entertain disputes after the government abandons a levy.
But even if refund suits and deficiency actions were once
the usual ways for individuals to contest their tax liabili-
ties, nobody disputes that Congress afforded taxpayers a
new way of doing so when it adopted. And taxpayers
are entitled to expect that provision will be applied as writ-
ten, not whittled down to a nub to suit the IRS. See Felici-
ano, 605 U. S., at ___ ; Epic Systems Corp. v.
Lewis, (2018).
IV
Recognizing that today's decision leaves Ms. Zuch, after
a decade of litigation, without resolution of her straightfor-
ward argument that the IRS erred when it concluded she
had not paid her 2010 tax bill, the agency invites her to
"start over." Ante, at 4, 8. All she has to do, the IRS says,
is file a new refund suit in federal district court. There, she
can make all the arguments she sought to press in the Tax
Court. And, if she prevails, she can secure a refund of the
overpayments the agency kept to satisfy her (disputed)
2010 debt. See Brief for Petitioner 15, 34; ante, at 8. But
that is no answer. More nearly, it is a trap for the unwary.
The reason has to do with a statutory deadline. Taxpay-
ers may not pursue refund suits until they have filed ad-
ministrative claims with the IRS, something they must ac-
complish "within 3 years from the time the return was filed
or 2 years from the time the tax was paid," whichever period
ends later.. Yet a taxpayer who chooses to contest
her tax liability in proceedings may not know that
she needs to file such an administrative claim until the time
for doing so has passed. See Brief for Center for Taxpayer
10 COMMISSIONER v. ZUCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Rights as Amicus Curiae 19 -- 21.4
Ms. Zuch's case illustrates the problem. The government
deemed her 2010 tax debt "paid" when it kept overpay-
ments she made in 2013 -- 2016 and 2019. 97 F. 4th, at 91.
To seek the return of those overpayments, Ms. Zuch needed
to submit an administrative claim with the IRS within two
years of when the agency kept each payment.. Yet
for a couple reasons, she did not know that she had any
need to file a claim. See 97 F. 4th, at 91. For one, she was
actively litigating proceedings and understandably
thought that was sufficient unto the day. For another, it
appears the government did not tell her that she had over-
paid her taxes in 2013 -- 2016 and 2019, or that it intended
to use those overpayments to satisfy her (disputed) 2010 tax
liability, until it moved to dismiss her case in the Tax Court.
97 F. 4th, at 91,. Consequently, Ms. Zuch had no rea-
son to think administrative refund claims might be neces-
sary, or even available, until that point. And by the time
she filed a refund suit in district court, it was too late for
her to submit prerequisite administrative claims for some
(but not all) of the years in question and thus too late for
the court to adjudicate her entitlement to refunds for those
years. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 28, 44 -- 45. So the IRS's invita-
tion for Ms. Zuch to "start over" really turns out to be little
more than an effort to deprive her of complete relief.
*
The short of it all is this. The IRS seeks, and the Court
endorses, a view of the law that gives that agency a
roadmap for evading Tax Court review and never having to
answer a taxpayer's complaint that it has made a mistake.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Though (1) automatically suspends the limitations period for

filing a refund suit in district court during the pendency of Tax Court
proceedings, the government contends that it does not automatically sus-
pend the period for filing an administrative claim. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
24 -- 25, 28; accord, id., at 44 -- 45.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

After today, proceedings are essentially risk-free for
the IRS. It may pursue a levy and argue its case to the Tax
Court. Then, if the Tax Court seems likely to side with the
taxpayer, the IRS can drop the levy and avoid an unfavora-
ble ruling on the taxpayer's underlying tax liability. Doing
so will often prove only a small setback for the IRS because
the agency remains free to pursue other collection meth-
ods -- including keeping, rather than refunding, a tax-
payer's later overpayments. And the taxpayer will often
find herself without any way to challenge the IRS's error or
prevent the agency from keeping more of her money than it
is lawfully due. Seeing nothing in the law compelling any
of those results, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 1
Pages 187 -- 204

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
March 15, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2023 187

Syllabus

LINDKE v. FREED
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the sixth circuit
No. 22 -- 611. Argued October 31, 2023 -- Decided March 15, 2024
James Freed, like countless other Americans, created a private Facebook
profle sometime before 2008. He eventually converted his profle to a
public "page," meaning that anyone could see and comment on his posts.
In 2014, Freed updated his Facebook page to refect that he was ap-
pointed city manager of Port Huron, Michigan, describing himself as
"Daddy to Lucy, Husband to Jessie and City Manager, Chief Administra-
tive Offcer for the citizens of Port Huron, MI." Freed continued to
operate his Facebook page himself and continued to post prolifcally (and
primarily) about his personal life. Freed also posted information re-
lated to his job, such as highlighting communications from other city
offcials and soliciting feedback from the public on issues of concern.
Freed often responded to comments on his posts, including those left by
city residents with inquiries about community matters. He occasion-

Page Proof Pending Publication
ally deleted comments that he considered "derogatory" or "stupid."
After the COVID -- 19 pandemic began, Freed posted about it. Some
posts were personal, and some contained information related to his job.
Facebook user Kevin Lindke commented on some of Freed's posts, un-
equivocally expressing his displeasure with the city's approach to the
pandemic. Initially, Freed deleted Lindke's comments; ultimately, he
blocked him from commenting at all. Lindke sued Freed under 42
U. S. C., alleging that Freed had violated his First Amendment
rights. As Lindke saw it, he had the right to comment on Freed's Face-
book page because it was a public forum. The District Court deter-
mined that because Freed managed his Facebook page in his private
capacity, and because only state action can give rise to liability under, Lindke's claim failed. The Sixth Circuit affrmed.
Held: A public offcial who prevents someone from commenting on the
offcial's social-media page engages in state action under only if
the offcial both (1) possessed actual authority to speak on the State's
behalf on a particular matter, and (2) purported to exercise that author-
ity when speaking in the relevant social-media posts. Pp. 194 -- 204.
(a) Section 1983 provides a cause of action against "[e]very person
who, under color of any statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or
usage, of any State" deprives someone of a federal constitutional or
188 LINDKE v. FREED

Syllabus

statutory right. (Emphasis added.) Section 1983's "under color of "
text makes clear that it is a provision designed as a protection against
acts attributable to a State, not those of a private person. In the run-
of-the-mill case, state action is easy to spot. Courts do not ordinarily
pause to consider whether applies to the actions of police offcers,
public schools, or prison offcials. Sometimes, however, the line be-
tween private conduct and state action is diffcult to draw. In Griffn
v. Maryland, for example, it was the source of the power,
not the identity of the employer, which controlled in the case of a depu-
tized sheriff who was held to have engaged in state action while em-
ployed by a privately owned amusement park. Since Griffn, most
state-action precedents have grappled with whether a nominally private
person engaged in state action, but this case requires analyzing whether
a state offcial engaged in state action or functioned as a private citizen.
Freed's status as a state employee is not determinative. The distinc-
tion between private conduct and state action turns on substance, not
labels: Private parties can act with the authority of the State, and state
offcials have private lives and their own constitutional rights -- including
the First Amendment right to speak about their jobs and exercise edito-
rial control over speech and speakers on their personal platforms.
Here, if Freed acted in his private capacity when he blocked Lindke and
Page Proof Pending Publication
deleted his comments, he did not violate Lindke's First Amendment
rights -- instead, he exercised his own. Pp. 194 -- 197.
(b) In the case of a public offcial using social media, a close look is
defnitely necessary to categorize conduct. In cases analogous to this
one, precedent articulates principles to distinguish between personal
and offcial communication in the social-media context. A public off-
cial's social-media activity constitutes state action under only if
the offcial (1) possessed actual authority to speak on the State's behalf,
and (2) purported to exercise that authority when he spoke on social
media. The appearance and function of the social-media activity are
relevant at the second step, but they cannot make up for a lack of state
authority at the frst. Pp. 197 -- 204.
(1) The test's frst prong is grounded in the bedrock requirement
that "the conduct allegedly causing the deprivation of a federal right be
fairly attributable to the State." Lugar v. Edmondson Oil Co.,. Lindke's focus on appearance skips
over this critical step. Unless Freed was "possessed of state authority"
to post city updates and register citizen concerns, Griffn, 378 U. S., at
135, his conduct is not attributable to the State. Importantly, Lindke
must show more than that Freed had some authority to communicate
with residents on behalf of Port Huron. The alleged censorship must
be connected to speech on a matter within Freed's bailiwick. There
 Cite as: (2024) 189

Syllabus

must be a tie between the offcial's authority and "the gravamen of the
plaintiff 's complaint." Blum v. Yaretsky,.
To misuse power, one must possess it in the frst place, and lists
the potential sources: "statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage."
Determining the scope of an offcial's power requires careful attention
to the relevant source of that power and what authority it reasonably
encompasses. The threshold inquiry to establish state action is not
whether making offcial announcements could ft within a job descrip-
tion but whether making such announcements is actually part of the
job that the State entrusted the offcial to do. Pp. 198 -- 201.
(2) For social-media activity to constitute state action, an offcial
must not only have state authority, he must also purport to use it. If
the offcial does not speak in furtherance of his offcial responsibilities,
he speaks with his own voice. Here, if Freed's account had carried a
label -- e. g., "this is the personal page of James R. Freed" -- he would be
entitled to a heavy presumption that all of his posts were personal, but
Freed's page was not designated either "personal" or "offcial." The
ambiguity surrounding Freed's page requires a fact-specifc undertaking
in which posts' content and function are the most important considera-
tions. A post that expressly invokes state authority to make an an-
nouncement not available elsewhere is offcial, while a post that merely
Page Proof Pending Publication
repeats or shares otherwise available information is more likely per-
sonal. Lest any offcial lose the right to speak about public affairs in
his personal capacity, the plaintiff must show that the offcial purports
to exercise state authority in specifc posts. The nature of the social-
media technology matters to this analysis. For example, because Face-
book's blocking tool operates on a page-wide basis, a court would have
to consider whether Freed had engaged in state action with respect to
any post on which Lindke wished to comment. Pp. 201 -- 204.
37 F. 4th 1199, vacated and remanded.

Barrett, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.

Allon Kedem argued the cause for petitioner. With him
on the briefs were Dana Or, Charles Birkel, Matthew L. Far-
ley, Philip L. Ellison, and Nicole Masiello.
Victoria R. Ferres argued the cause for respondent.
With her on the brief were Todd J. Shoudy and William L.
Fealko III.
Masha G. Hansford argued the cause for the United
States as amicus curiae urging affrmance. With her on the
brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal Deputy
190 LINDKE v. FREED

Opinion of the Court

Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor Gen-
eral Gannon, Sopan Joshi, and Daniel Tenny.*
Justice Barrett delivered the opinion of the Court.
Like millions of Americans, James Freed maintained a
Facebook account on which he posted about a wide range of
topics, including his family and his job. Like most of those
Americans, Freed occasionally received unwelcome com-
ments on his posts. In response, Freed took a step familiar
to Facebook users: He deleted the comments and blocked
those who made them.
For most people with a Facebook account, that would have
been the end of it. But Kevin Lindke, one of the unwelcome
*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for American Athe-
ists, Inc., by Geoffrey T. Blackwell; for the American Civil Liberties Union
et al. by David D. Cole, Vera Eidelman, Esha Bhandari, and Daniel S.
Korobkin; for First Amendment Clinics et al. by Gregg P. Leslie, Sarah
Ludington, Lena Shapiro, and Jennifer Safstrom; and for the Foundation
Page Proof Pending Publication
for Individual Rights and Expression by Robert Corn-Revere.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Tennessee et al. by Jonathan Skrmetti, Attorney General of Tennessee,
Andrée S. Blumstein, Solicitor General, J. Matthew Rice, Associate Solici-
tor General, and Gabriel Krimm and Philip Hammersley, Assistant Solic-
itors General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective States as
follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Phil Weiser
of Colorado, Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana,
Brenna Bird of Iowa, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi,
Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Drew Wrig-
ley of North Dakota, Ellen F. Rosenblum of Oregon, Michelle A. Henry
of Pennsylvania, Alan Wilson of South Carolina, and Marty J. Jackley of
South Dakota; for the State of Texas by Angela Colmenero, Provisional
Attorney General, Lanora C. Pettit, Principal Deputy Solicitor General,
William F. Cole, Assistant Solicitor General, and Brent Webster, First
Assistant Attorney General; and for the NRSC by Michael E. Toner,
Brandis L. Zehr, Jeremy J. Broggi, and Ryan G. Dollar.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the Electronic Frontier Foundation
et al. by David Greene and Sophia Cope; for the Local Government Legal
Center et al. by Caroline P. Mackie and Robert E. Hagemann; and for
NetChoice et al. by David M. Gossett, Ambika Kumar, Adam S. Sieff,
Carl M. Szabo, Matthew C. Schruers, and Alexandra J. Sternburg.
 Cite as: (2024) 191

Opinion of the Court

commenters, sued Freed for violating his right to free
speech. Because the First Amendment binds only the gov-
ernment, this claim is a nonstarter if Freed posted as a pri-
vate citizen. Freed, however, is not only a private citizen
but also the city manager of Port Huron, Michigan -- and
while Freed insists that his Facebook account was strictly
personal, Lindke argues that Freed acted in his offcial ca-
pacity when he silenced Lindke's speech.
When a government offcial posts about job-related topics
on social media, it can be diffcult to tell whether the speech
is offcial or private. We hold that such speech is attribut-
able to the State only if the offcial (1) possessed actual au-
thority to speak on the State's behalf, and (2) purported to
exercise that authority when he spoke on social media.

I
A
Page
SometimeProof Pending
before 2008, while he wasPublication
a college student,
James Freed created a private Facebook profle that he
shared only with "friends." In Facebook lingo, "friends" are
not necessarily confdants or even real-life acquaintances.
Users become "friends" when one accepts a "friend request"
from another; after that, the two can generally see and com-
ment on one another's posts and photos. When Freed, an
avid Facebook user, began nearing the platform's 5,000-
friend limit, he converted his profle to a public "page."
This meant that anyone could see and comment on his posts.
Freed chose "public fgure" for his page's category, "James
Freed" for its title, and "JamesRFreed1" as his username.
Facebook did not require Freed to satisfy any special criteria
either to convert his Facebook profle to a public page or to
describe himself as a public fgure.
In 2014, Freed was appointed city manager of Port Huron,
Michigan, and he updated his Facebook page to refect the
new job. For his profle picture, Freed chose a photo of
himself in a suit with a city lapel pin. In the "About" sec-
192 LINDKE v. FREED

Opinion of the Court

tion, Freed added his title, a link to the city's website, and
the city's general email address. He described himself as
"Daddy to Lucy, Husband to Jessie and City Manager, Chief
Administrative Offcer for the citizens of Port Huron, MI."
As before his appointment, Freed operated his Facebook
page himself. And, as before his appointment, Freed posted
prolifically (and primarily) about his personal life. He
uploaded hundreds of photos of his daughter. He shared
about outings like the Daddy Daughter Dance, dinner with
his wife, and a family nature walk. He posted Bible verses,
updates on home-improvement projects, and pictures of his
dog, Winston.
Freed also posted information related to his job. He de-
scribed mundane activities, like visiting local high schools, as
well as splashier ones, like starting reconstruction of the
city's boat launch. He shared news about the city's efforts
to streamline leaf pickup and stabilize water intake from a
local river. He highlighted communications from other city
Page Proof Pending Publication
offcials, like a press release from the fre chief and an annual
fnancial report from the fnance department. On occasion,
Freed solicited feedback from the public -- for instance, he
once posted a link to a city survey about housing and encour-
aged his audience to complete it.
Freed's readers frequently commented on his posts, some-
times with reactions (for example, "Good job it takes skills"
on a picture of his sleeping daughter) and sometimes with
questions (for example, "Can you allow city residents to have
chickens?"). Freed often replied to the comments, including
by answering inquiries from city residents. (City residents
can have chickens and should "call the Planning Dept for
details. ") He occasionally deleted comments that he
thought were "derogatory" or "stupid."
After the COVID -- 19 pandemic began, Freed posted about
that. Some posts were personal, like pictures of his family
spending time at home and outdoors to "[s]tay safe" and
"[s]ave lives." Some contained general information, like
case counts and weekly hospitalization numbers. Others re-
 Cite as: (2024) 193

Opinion of the Court

lated to Freed's job, like a description of the city's hiring
freeze and a screenshot of a press release about a relief pack-
age that he helped prepare.
Enter Kevin Lindke. Unhappy with the city's approach
to the pandemic, Lindke visited Freed's page and said so.
For example, in response to one of Freed's posts, Lindke
commented that the city's pandemic response was "abysmal"
and that "the city deserves better." When Freed posted a
photo of himself and the mayor picking up takeout from a
local restaurant, Lindke complained that while "residents
[we]re suffering," the city's leaders were eating at an expen-
sive restaurant "instead of out talking to the community."
Initially, Freed deleted Lindke's comments; ultimately, he
blocked him. Once blocked, Lindke could see Freed's posts
but could no longer comment on them.

B

Page Proof
Lindke sued Pending
Freed under 42 U. S. C. Publication, alleging that
Freed had violated his First Amendment rights. As Lindke
saw it, he had the right to comment on Freed's Facebook
page, which he characterized as a public forum. Freed, Lin-
dke claimed, had engaged in impermissible viewpoint dis-
crimination by deleting unfavorable comments and blocking
the people who made them.
The District Court granted summary judgment to Freed.
Because only state action can give rise to liability under, Lindke's claim depended on whether Freed acted in
a "private" or "public" capacity. 563 F. Supp. 3d 704, 714
(ED Mich. 2021). The "prevailing personal quality of
Freed's post[s]," the absence of "government involvement"
with his account, and the lack of posts conducting offcial
business led the court to conclude that Freed managed his
Facebook page in his private capacity, so Lindke's claim
failed. Ibid.
The Sixth Circuit affrmed. It noted that "the caselaw is
murky as to when a state offcial acts personally and when
he acts offcially" for purposes of. 37 F. 4th 1199, 1202
194 LINDKE v. FREED

Opinion of the Court

(2022). To sort the personal from the offcial, that court
"asks whether the offcial is `performing an actual or appar-
ent duty of his offce,' or if he could not have behaved as he
did `without the authority of his offce.' " Id., at 1203 (quot-
ing Waters v. Morristown, 242 F. 3d 353, 359 (CA6 2001)).
Applying this precedent to the social-media context, the
Sixth Circuit held that an offcial's activity is state action if
the "text of state law requires an offceholder to maintain a
social-media account," the offcial "use[s]... state resources"
or "government staff " to run the account, or the "accoun[t]
belong[s] to an offce, rather than an individual offceholder."
37 F. 4th, at 1203 -- 1204. These situations, the Sixth Circuit
explained, make an offcial's social-media activity " `fairly at-
tributable' " to the State. Id., at 1204 ). And it con-
cluded that Freed's activity was not.
The Sixth Circuit's approach to state action in the social-
media context differs from that of the Second and Ninth Cir-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cuits, which focus less on the connection between the offcial's
authority and the account and more on whether the account's
appearance and content look offcial. See, e.g., Garnier v.
O'Connor-Ratcliff, 41 F. 4th 1158, 1170 -- 1171 (CA9 2022);
Knight First Amdt. Inst. at Columbia Univ. v. Trump, 928
F. 3d 226, 236 (CA2 2019), vacated as moot sub nom. Biden
v. Knight First Amdt. Inst. at Columbia Univ., 593 U. S. -- -- -- 
(2021). We granted certiorari. 598 U. S. -- -- -- (2023).

II
Section 1983 provides a cause of action against "[e]very
person who, under color of any statute, ordinance, regula-
tion, custom, or usage, of any State" deprives someone of a
federal constitutional or statutory right. (Emphasis added.)
As its text makes clear, this provision protects against acts
attributable to a State, not those of a private person. This
limit tracks that of the Fourteenth Amendment, which obli-
gates States to honor the constitutional rights that 
protects. ("No State shall... nor shall any State de-
 Cite as: (2024) 195

Opinion of the Court

prive... " ); see also Lugar, 457 U. S., at
929 ("[T]he statutory requirement of action `under color of
state law' and the `state action' requirement of the Four-
teenth Amendment are identical"). The need for govern-
mental action is also explicit in the Free Speech Clause, the
guarantee that Lindke invokes in this case. Amdt. 1 ("Con-
gress shall make no law... abridging the freedom of speech... " ); see also Manhattan Community
Access Corp. v. Halleck, (2019) ("[T]he
Free Speech Clause prohibits only governmental abridg-
ment of speech," not "private abridgment of speech"). In
short, the state-action requirement is both well established
and reinforced by multiple sources.1
In the run-of-the-mill case, state action is easy to spot.
Courts do not ordinarily pause to consider whether 
applies to the actions of police offcers, public schools, or
prison offcials. See, e.g., Graham v. Connor, (1989) (police offcers); Tinker v. Des Moines Independ-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ent Community School Dist., -- 505 (1969)
(public schools); Estelle v. Gamble, (1976)
(prison offcials). And, absent some very unusual facts, no
one would credit a child's assertion of free speech rights
against a parent, or a plaintiff 's complaint that a nosy neigh-
bor unlawfully searched his garage.
Sometimes, however, the line between private conduct and
state action is diffcult to draw. Griffn v. Maryland is a
good example. (1964). There, we held that a
security guard at a privately owned amusement park en-
gaged in state action when he enforced the park's policy
of segregation against black protesters. Id., at 132 -- 135.
Though employed by the park, the guard had been "depu-

1
Because local governments are subdivisions of the State, actions taken
under color of a local government's law, custom, or usage count as "state"
action for purposes of. See Monell v. New York City Dept. of So-
cial Servs., -- 691 (1978). And when a state or municipal
employee violates a federal right while acting "under color of law," he can
be sued in an individual capacity, as Freed was here.
196 LINDKE v. FREED

Opinion of the Court

tized as a sheriff of Montgomery County" and possessed
" `the same power and authority' " as any other deputy sher-
iff. Id., at 132, and. The State had therefore allowed
its power to be exercised by someone in the private sector.
And the source of the power, not the identity of the em-
ployer, controlled.
By and large, our state-action precedents have grappled
with variations of the question posed in Griffn: whether a
nominally private person has engaged in state action for
purposes of. See, e. g., Marsh v. Alabama, -- 503 (1946) (company town); Adickes v. S. H. Kress &
Co., -- 147 (1970) (restaurant); Flagg Bros.,
Inc. v. Brooks, -- 152 (1978) (warehouse com-
pany). Today's case, by contrast, requires us to analyze
whether a state offcial engaged in state action or functioned
as a private citizen. This Court has had little occasion to
consider how the state-action requirement applies in this
Page Proof Pending Publication
circumstance.
The question is diffcult, especially in a case involving a
state or local offcial who routinely interacts with the public.
Such offcials may look like they are always on the clock,
making it tempting to characterize every encounter as part
of the job. But the state-action doctrine avoids such broad-
brush assumptions -- for good reason. While public offcials
can act on behalf of the State, they are also private citizens
with their own constitutional rights. By excluding from
liability "acts of offcers in the ambit of their personal
pursuits," Screws v. United States, (1945)
(plurality opinion), the state-action requirement "protects
a robust sphere of individual liberty" for those who
serve as public offcials or employees, Halleck, 587 U. S.,
at 808.
The dispute between Lindke and Freed illustrates this dy-
namic. Freed did not relinquish his First Amendment
rights when he became city manager. On the contrary, "the
First Amendment protects a public employee's right, in cer-
 Cite as: (2024) 197

Opinion of the Court

tain circumstances, to speak as a citizen addressing matters
of public concern." Garcetti v. Ceballos, 
(2006). This right includes the ability to speak about "infor-
mation related to or learned through public employment," so
long as the speech is not "itself ordinarily within the scope
of [the] employee's duties." Lane v. Franks, 240 (2014). Where the right exists, "editorial control
over speech and speakers on [the public employee's] proper-
ties or platforms" is part and parcel of it. Halleck, 587 U. S.,
at 816. Thus, if Freed acted in his private capacity when he
blocked Lindke and deleted his comments, he did not violate
Lindke's First Amendment rights -- instead, he exercised
his own.
So Lindke cannot hang his hat on Freed's status as a state
employee. The distinction between private conduct and
state action turns on substance, not labels: Private parties
can act with the authority of the State, and state offcials
have private lives and their own constitutional rights.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Categorizing conduct, therefore, can require a close look.

III
A close look is defnitely necessary in the context of a pub-
lic offcial using social media. There are approximately 20
million state and local government employees across the Na-
tion, with an extraordinarily wide range of job descrip-
tions -- from Governors, mayors, and police chiefs to teachers,
healthcare professionals, and transportation workers.
Many use social media for personal communication, offcial
communication, or both -- and the line between the two is
often blurred. Moreover, social media involves a variety of
different and rapidly changing platforms, each with distinct
features for speaking, viewing, and removing speech. The
Court has frequently emphasized that the state-action doc-
trine demands a fact-intensive inquiry. See, e. g., Reitman
v. Mulkey, (1967); Gilmore v. Montgomery,
(1974). We repeat that caution here.
198 LINDKE v. FREED

Opinion of the Court

That said, our precedent articulates principles that govern
cases analogous to this one. For the reasons we explain
below, a public offcial's social-media activity constitutes
state action under only if the offcial (1) possessed ac-
tual authority to speak on the State's behalf, and (2) pur-
ported to exercise that authority when he spoke on social
media. The appearance and function of the social-media ac-
tivity are relevant at the second step, but they cannot make
up for a lack of state authority at the frst.

A
The frst prong of this test is grounded in the bedrock re-
quirement that "the conduct allegedly causing the depriva-
tion of a federal right be fairly attributable to the State."
Lugar, 457 U. S., at 937. An act is not at-
tributable to a State unless it is traceable to the State's
power or authority. Private action -- no matter how "off-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cial" it looks -- lacks the necessary lineage.
This rule runs through our cases. Griffn stresses that
the security guard was "possessed of state authority" and
"purport[ed] to act under that authority." 378 U. S., at 135.
West v. Atkins states that the "traditional defnition" of state
action "requires that the defendant... have exercised power
`possessed by virtue of state law and made possible only be-
cause the wrongdoer is clothed with the authority of state
law.' " (1988) ). Lugar emphasizes that state
action exists only when "the claimed deprivation has re-
sulted from the exercise of a right or privilege having its
source in state authority." 457 U. S., at 939; see also, e.g.,
Edmonson v. Leesville Concrete Co., (1991)
(describing state action as the "exercise of a right or privi-
lege having its source in state authority"); Screws, 325 U. S.,
at 111 (plurality opinion) (police-offcer defendants "were au-
thorized to make an arrest and to take such steps as were
necessary to make the arrest effective"). By contrast, when
the challenged conduct "entail[s] functions and obligations in
 Cite as: (2024) 199

Opinion of the Court

no way dependent on state authority," state action does not
exist. Polk County v. Dodson, -- 319 (1981)
(no state action because criminal defense "is essentially a
private function... for which state offce and authority are
not needed"); see also Jackson v. Metropolitan Edison Co.,
-- 359 (1974).
Lindke's focus on appearance skips over this crucial step.
He insists that Freed's social-media activity constitutes state
action because Freed's Facebook page looks and functions
like an outlet for city updates and citizen concerns. But
Freed's conduct is not attributable to the State unless he
was "possessed of state authority" to post city updates and
register citizen concerns. Griffn, 378 U. S., at 135. If the
State did not entrust Freed with these responsibilities, it
cannot "fairly be blamed" for the way he discharged them.
Lugar, 457 U. S., at 936. Lindke imagines that Freed can
conjure the power of the State through his own efforts. Yet
the presence of state authority must be real, not a mirage.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Importantly, Lindke must show more than that Freed had
some authority to communicate with residents on behalf of
Port Huron. The alleged censorship must be connected to
speech on a matter within Freed's bailiwick. For example,
imagine that Freed posted a list of local restaurants with
health-code violations and deleted snarky comments made by
other users. If public health is not within the portfolio of
the city manager, then neither the post nor the deletions
would be traceable to Freed's state authority -- because he
had none. For state action to exist, the State must be "re-
sponsible for the specifc conduct of which the plaintiff com-
plains." Blum v. Yaretsky, (1982) (em-
phasis deleted). There must be a tie between the offcial's
authority and "the gravamen of the plaintiff 's complaint."
Id., at 1003.
To be clear, the "[m]isuse of power, possessed by virtue of
state law," constitutes state action. Classic, 313 U. S., at
326 ; see also, e.g., Screws, 325 U. S., at 110
(plurality opinion) (state action where "the power which
200 LINDKE v. FREED

Opinion of the Court

[state offcers] were authorized to exercise was misused").
While the state-action doctrine requires that the State have
granted an offcial the type of authority that he used to vio-
late rights -- e.g., the power to arrest -- it encompasses cases
where his "particular action" -- e. g., an arrest made with ex-
cessive force -- violated state or federal law. Griffn, 378
U. S., at 135; see also Home Telephone & Telegraph Co. v.
Los Angeles, -- 288 (1913) (the Fourteenth
Amendment encompasses "abuse by a state offcer... of the
powers possessed"). Every suit alleges a misuse of
power, because no state actor has the authority to deprive
someone of a federal right. To misuse power, however, one
must possess it in the frst place.
Where does the power come from? Section 1983 lists the
potential sources: "statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or
usage." Statutes, ordinances, and regulations refer to writ-
ten law through which a State can authorize an offcial to
Page Proof Pending Publication
speak on its behalf. "Custom" and "usage" encompass
"persistent practices of state offcials" that are "so perma-
nent and well settled" that they carry "the force of law."
Adickes, 398 U. S., at 167 -- 168. So a city manager like Freed
would be authorized to speak for the city if written law like
an ordinance empowered him to make offcial announce-
ments. He would also have that authority even in the ab-
sence of written law if, for instance, prior city managers have
purported to speak on its behalf and have been recognized
to have that authority for so long that the manager's power
to do so has become "permanent and well settled." Id., at
168. And if an offcial has authority to speak for the State,
he may have the authority to do so on social media even if
the law does not make that explicit.
Determining the scope of an offcial's power requires care-
ful attention to the relevant statute, ordinance, regulation,
custom, or usage. In some cases, a grant of authority over
particular subject matter may reasonably encompass author-
ity to speak about it offcially. For example, state law might
 Cite as: (2024) 201

Opinion of the Court

grant a high-ranking offcial like the director of the state
department of transportation broad responsibility for the
state highway system that, in context, includes authority to
make offcial announcements on that subject. At the same
time, courts must not rely on " `excessively broad job de-
scriptions' " to conclude that a government employee is au-
thorized to speak for the State. Kennedy v. Bremerton
School Dist., (2022). The inquiry is not whether making offcial
announcements could ft within the job description; it is
whether making offcial announcements is actually part of
the job that the State entrusted the offcial to do.
In sum, a defendant like Freed must have actual authority
rooted in written law or longstanding custom to speak for
the State. That authority must extend to speech of the sort
that caused the alleged rights deprivation. If the plaintiff
cannot make this threshold showing of authority, he cannot
establish state action.
Page Proof Pending Publication B
For social-media activity to constitute state action, an of-
fcial must not only have state authority -- he must also pur-
port to use it. Griffn, 378 U. S., at 135. State offcials
have a choice about the capacity in which they choose to
speak. "[G]enerally, a public employee" purports to speak
on behalf of the State while speaking "in his offcial capacity
or" when he uses his speech to fulfll "his responsibilities
pursuant to state law." West, 487 U. S., at 50. If the public
employee does not use his speech in furtherance of his offcial
responsibilities, he is speaking in his own voice.
Consider a hypothetical from the offine world. A school
board president announces at a school board meeting that the
board has lifted pandemic-era restrictions on public schools.
The next evening, at a backyard barbecue with friends whose
children attend public schools, he shares that the board has
lifted the pandemic-era restrictions. The former is state ac-
tion taken in his offcial capacity as school board president;
202 LINDKE v. FREED

Opinion of the Court

the latter is private action taken in his personal capacity as
a friend and neighbor. While the substance of the an-
nouncement is the same, the context -- an offcial meeting
versus a private event -- differs. He invoked his offcial au-
thority only when he acted as school board president.
The context of Freed's speech is hazier than that of the
hypothetical school board president. Had Freed's account
carried a label (e. g., "this is the personal page of James R.
Freed") or a disclaimer (e. g., "the views expressed are
strictly my own"), he would be entitled to a heavy (though
not irrebuttable) presumption that all of the posts on his
page were personal. Markers like these give speech the
beneft of clear context: Just as we can safely presume that
speech at a backyard barbeque is personal, we can safely
presume that speech on a "personal" page is personal (absent
signifcant evidence indicating that a post is offcial).2 Con-
versely, context can make clear that a social-media account
purports to speak for the government -- for instance, when
Page Proof Pending Publication
an account belongs to a political subdivision (e. g., a "City
of Port Huron" Facebook page) or is passed down to whom-
ever occupies a particular offce (e. g., an "@PHuronCityMgr"
Instagram account). Freed's page, however, was not desig-
nated either "personal" or "offcial," raising the prospect
that it was "mixed use" -- a place where he made some posts
in his personal capacity and others in his capacity as city
manager.

2
An offcial cannot insulate government business from scrutiny by con-
ducting it on a personal page. The Solicitor General offers the particu-
larly clear example of an offcial who designates space on his nominally
personal page as the offcial channel for receiving comments on a proposed
regulation. Because the power to conduct notice-and-comment rule-
making belongs exclusively to the State, its exercise is necessarily govern-
mental. Similarly, a mayor would engage in state action if he hosted a
city council meeting online by streaming it only on his personal Facebook
page. By contrast, a post that is compatible with either a "personal capac-
ity" or "offcial capacity" designation is "personal" if it appears on a per-
sonal page.
 Cite as: (2024) 203

Opinion of the Court

Categorizing posts that appear on an ambiguous page like
Freed's is a fact-specifc undertaking in which the post's con-
tent and function are the most important considerations. In
some circumstances, the post's content and function might
make the plaintiff's argument a slam dunk. Take a mayor
who makes the following announcement exclusively on his
Facebook page: "Pursuant to Municipal Ordinance 22.1, I
am temporarily suspending enforcement of alternate-side
parking rules." The post's express invocation of state au-
thority, its immediate legal effect, and the fact that the order
is not available elsewhere make clear that the mayor is pur-
porting to discharge an offcial duty. If, by contrast, the
mayor merely repeats or shares otherwise available informa-
tion -- for example, by linking to the parking announcement
on the city's webpage -- it is far less likely that he is purport-
ing to exercise the power of his offce. Instead, it is much
more likely that he is engaging in private speech "relate[d] to
Page Proof Pending Publication
his public employment" or "concern[ing] information learned
during that employment." Lane, 573 U. S., at 238.
Hard-to-classify cases require awareness that an offcial
does not necessarily purport to exercise his authority simply
by posting about a matter within it. He might post job-
related information for any number of personal reasons, from
a desire to raise public awareness to promoting his prospects
for reelection. Moreover, many public offcials possess a
broad portfolio of governmental authority that includes rou-
tine interaction with the public, and it may not be easy to
discern a boundary between their public and private lives.
Yet these offcials too have the right to speak about public
affairs in their personal capacities. See, e.g., id., at 235 -- 236.
Lest any offcial lose that right, it is crucial for the plaintiff
to show that the offcial is purporting to exercise state au-
thority in specifc posts. And when there is doubt, addi-
tional factors might cast light -- for example, an offcial who
uses government staff to make a post will be hard pressed
to deny that he was conducting government business.
204 LINDKE v. FREED

Opinion of the Court

One last point: The nature of the technology matters to
the state-action analysis. Freed performed two actions to
which Lindke objected: He deleted Lindke's comments and
blocked him from commenting again. So far as deletion
goes, the only relevant posts are those from which Lindke's
comments were removed. Blocking, however, is a different
story. Because blocking operated on a page-wide basis, a
court would have to consider whether Freed had engaged in
state action with respect to any post on which Lindke wished
to comment. The bluntness of Facebook's blocking tool
highlights the cost of a "mixed use" social-media account: If
page-wide blocking is the only option, a public offcial might
be unable to prevent someone from commenting on his per-
sonal posts without risking liability for also preventing com-
ments on his offcial posts.3 A public offcial who fails to
keep personal posts in a clearly designated personal account
therefore exposes himself to greater potential liability.

Page Proof Pending
* * * Publication
The state-action doctrine requires Lindke to show that
Freed (1) had actual authority to speak on behalf of the State
on a particular matter, and (2) purported to exercise that
authority in the relevant posts. To the extent that this test
differs from the one applied by the Sixth Circuit, we vacate
its judgment and remand the case for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

3
On some platforms, a blocked user might be unable even to see the
blocker's posts. See, e.g., Garnier v. O'Connor-Ratcliff, 41 F. 4th, 1158,
1164 (CA9 2022) (noting that "on Twitter, once a user has been `blocked,'
the individual can neither interact with nor view the blocker's Twitter
feed"); Knight First Amdt. Inst. at Columbia Univ. v. Trump, 928 F. 3d
226, 231 (CA2 2019) (noting that a blocked user is unable to see, reply to,
retweet, or like the blocker's tweets).
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 2
Pages 267 -- 284

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
April 12, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2023 267

Syllabus

SHEETZ v. COUNTY OF EL DORADO, CALIFORNIA

certiorari to the court of appeal of california,
third appellate district
No. 22 -- 1074. Argued January 9, 2024 -- Decided April 12, 2024
As a condition of receiving a residential building permit, petitioner George
Sheetz was required by the County of El Dorado to pay a $23,420 traffc
impact fee. The fee was part of a "General Plan" enacted by the Coun-
ty's Board of Supervisors to address increasing demand for public serv-
ices spurred by new development. The fee amount was not based on
the costs of traffc impacts specifcally attributable to Sheetz's particular
project, but rather was assessed according to a rate schedule that took
into account the type of development and its location within the County.
Sheetz paid the fee under protest and obtained the permit. He later
sought relief in state court, claiming that conditioning the building per-
mit on the payment of a traffc impact fee constituted an unlawful "exac-
tion" of money in violation of the Takings Clause. In Sheetz's view, the
Court's decisions in Nollan v. California Coastal Comm'n, 483 U. S.
Page Proof Pending Publication
825, and Dolan v. City of Tigard, required the County to
make an individualized determination that the fee imposed on him was
necessary to offset traffc congestion attributable to his project. The
courts below ruled against Sheetz based on their view that Nollan and
Dolan apply only to permit conditions imposed on an ad hoc basis by
administrators, not to a fee like this one imposed on a class of property
owners by Board-enacted legislation. 84 Cal. App. 5th 394, 402, 300
Cal. Rptr. 3d 308, 312.
Held: The Takings Clause does not distinguish between legislative and
administrative land-use permit conditions. Pp. 273 -- 280.
(a) When the government wants to take private property for a public
purpose, the Fifth Amendment's Takings Clause requires the govern-
ment to provide the owner "just compensation." The Takings Clause
saves individual property owners from bearing "public burdens which,
in all fairness and justice, should be borne by the public as a whole."
Armstrong v. United States,. Even so, the States have
substantial authority to regulate land use, see Village of Euclid v. Am-
bler Realty Co., and a state law that merely restricts land
use in a way "reasonably necessary to the effectuation of a substantial
government purpose" is not a taking unless it saps too much of the
property's value or frustrates the owner's investment-backed expecta-
tions. Penn Central Transp. Co. v. New York City, 268 SHEETZ v. COUNTY OF EL DORADO

Syllabus

127. Similarly, when the government can deny a building permit to
further a "legitimate police-power purpose," it can also place conditions
on the permit that serve the same end. Nollan, 483 U. S., at 836. For
example, if a proposed development will "substantially increase traffc
congestion," the government may condition the building permit on the
owner's willingness "to deed over the land needed to widen a public
road." Koontz v. St. Johns River Water Management Dist.,. But when the government withholds or conditions a building
permit for reasons unrelated to its legitimate land-use interests, those
actions amount to extortion. See Nollan, 483 U. S., at 837.
The Court's decisions in Nollan and Dolan address the potential
abuse of the permitting process by setting out a two-part test modeled
on the unconstitutional conditions doctrine. See Perry v. Sindermann,. First, permit conditions must have an "essential
nexus" to the government's land-use interest, ensuring that the govern-
ment is acting to further its stated purpose, not leveraging its permit-
ting monopoly to exact private property without paying for it. See
Nollan, 483 U. S., at 837, 841. Second, permit conditions must have
"rough proportionality" to the development's impact on the land-use in-
terest and may not require a landowner to give up (or pay) more than
is necessary to mitigate harms resulting from new development. See
Page Proof Pending Publication
Dolan, 512 U. S., at 391, 393; Koontz, 570 U. S., at 612 -- 615. Pp. 273 -- 276.
(b) The County's traffc impact fee was upheld below based on the
view that the Nollan/Dolan test does not apply to monetary fees im-
posed by a legislature, but nothing in constitutional text, history, or
precedent supports exempting legislatures from ordinary takings rules.
The Constitution provides "no textual justifcation for saying that the
existence or the scope of a State's power to expropriate private property
without just compensation varies according to the branch of government
effecting the expropriation." Stop the Beach Renourishment, Inc. v.
Florida Dept. of Environmental Protection, (plurality
opinion). Historical practice similarly shows that legislation was the
conventional way that governments at the state and national levels ex-
ercised their eminent domain power to obtain land for various govern-
mental purposes, and to provide compensation to dispossessed landown-
ers. The Fifth Amendment enshrined this longstanding practice.
Precedent points the same way as text and history. A legislative ex-
ception to the Nollan/Dolan test "conficts with the rest of [the Court's]
takings jurisprudence," which does not otherwise distinguish between
legislation and other offcial acts. Knick v. Township of Scott,. That is true of precedents involving physical takings, regula-
tory takings, and the unconstitutional conditions doctrine which under-
lies the Nollan/Dolan test. Pp. 276 -- 279.
 Cite as: (2024) 269

Syllabus

(c) As the parties now agree, conditions on building permits are not
exempt from scrutiny under Nollan and Dolan just because a legislative
body imposed them. Whether a permit condition imposed on a class of
properties must be tailored with the same degree of specifcity as a
permit condition that targets a particular development is an issue for
the state courts to consider in the frst instance, as are issues concerning
whether the parties' other arguments are preserved and how those ar-
guments bear on Sheetz's legal challenge. Pp. 279 -- 280.
84 Cal. App. 5th 394, 300 Cal. Rptr. 3d 308, vacated and remanded.

Barrett, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.
Sotomayor, J., fled a concurring opinion, in which Jackson, J., joined,
post, p. 280. Gorsuch, J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 281. Kava-
naugh, J., fled a concurring opinion, in which Kagan and Jackson, JJ.,
joined, post, p. 284.

Paul J. Beard II argued the cause for petitioner. With
him on the briefs were Brian T. Hodges, Lawrence G. Salz-
man, and Damien M. Schiff.
Aileen M. McGrath argued the cause for respondent.
Page Proof Pending Publication
With her on the brief were Zach ZhenHe Tan, Michael Weis-
buch, Pratik A. Shah, Z. W. Julius Chen, and Glen C.
Hansen.
Erica L. Ross argued the cause for the United States as
amicus curiae urging affrmance. With her on the brief
were Solicitor General Prelogar, Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral Kim, Deputy Solicitor General Kneedler, and William
B. Lazarus.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Atlantic Legal
Foundation by Lawrence S. Ebner and Nancie G. Marzulla; for Bay Area
Council by Katharine T. Van Dusen and Sarah E. Peterson; for The Buck-
eye Institute et al. by Dave C. Tryon, Jay R. Carson, and Elizabeth Mil-
ito; for the California Building Industry Association et al. by David
P. Lanferman, Douglas J. Dennington, and Jayson A. Parsons; for the
California Housing Defense Fund et al. by Darren Teshima; for the Cato
Institute by Anastasia P. Boden and Matthew P. Cavedon; for the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the United States of America by Jeremy C. Marwell,
Andrew R. Varcoe, and Jonathan D. Urick; for the Citizen Action Defense
Fund et al. by Jackson Maynard and Sam Spiegelman; for Hotel Des
Arts, LLC, et al. by Andrew M. Zacks and Emily L. Brough; for the
270 SHEETZ v. COUNTY OF EL DORADO

Opinion of the Court

Justice Barrett delivered the opinion of the Court.
George Sheetz wanted to build a small, prefabricated home
on his residential parcel of land. To obtain a permit, though,
he had to pay a substantial fee to mitigate local traffc con-
gestion. Relying on this Court's decisions in Nollan v. Cali-
fornia Coastal Comm'n, (1987), and Dolan v.
City of Tigard, (1994), Sheetz challenged the
fee as an unlawful "exaction" of money under the Takings

Southeastern Legal Foundation et al. by Kimberly S. Hermann, Braden
H. Boucek, Celia Howard O'Leary, and Wencong Fa; and for Charles Gard-
ner et al. by Blaine I. Green. Briefs of amici curiae urging vacatur were
fled for the Building Industry Association of the Greater Valley by Brett
S. Jolley; and for the National Association of Realtors® et al. by Brett A.
Shumate and Robert Luther III.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
California et al. by Rob Bonta, Attorney General of California, Michael J.
Mongan, Solicitor General, Daniel A. Olivas, Senior Assistant Attorney
General, Joshua Patashnik, Deputy Solicitor General, Jamee Jordan Pat-
Page Proof Pending Publication
terson, Supervising Deputy Attorney General, and Andrew R. Contreiras
and Nicole U. Rinke, Deputy Attorneys General, and Cara M. Newlon,
Associate Deputy Solicitor General, and by the Attorneys General for their
respective jurisdictions as follows: Kristin K. Mayes of Arizona, Kathleen
Jennings of Delaware, Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Anne
E. Lopez of Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M. Frey of Maine,
Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison
of Minnesota, Aaron D. Ford of Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jer-
sey, Letitia James of New York, Ellen F. Rosenblum of Oregon, Michelle
A. Henry of Pennsylvania, Peter F. Neronha of Rhode Island, Marty J.
Jackley of South Dakota, Charity R. Clark of Vermont, and Robert W.
Ferguson of Washington; for the California State Association of Counties
et al. by Andrew W. Schwartz and Matthew D. Zinn; for the City and
County of San Francisco et al. by Kristen A. Jensen; for the Constitutional
Accountability Center by Elizabeth B. Wydra and Brianne J. Gorod; for
the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law et al. by Damon
Hewitt, Jon Greenbaum, and Thomas Silverstein; and for the National
Association of Clean Water Agencies et al. by Alexandra Dapolito Dunn,
Stephanie F. Cagniart, and Christopher E. Tutunjian.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the American Planning Association
by Brian J. Connolly, John M. Baker, and Katherine M. Swenson; and for
the Claremont Institute's Center for Constitutional Jurisprudence by John
C. Eastman and Anthony T. Caso.
 Cite as: (2024) 271

Opinion of the Court

Clause. The California Court of Appeal rejected that argu-
ment because the traffc impact fee was imposed by legisla-
tion, and, according to the court, Nollan and Dolan apply
only to permit conditions imposed on an ad hoc basis by ad-
ministrators. That is incorrect. The Takings Clause does
not distinguish between legislative and administrative per-
mit conditions.
I
A
El Dorado County, California is a rural jurisdiction that
lies east of Sacramento and extends to the Nevada border.
Much of the County's 1,700 square miles is backcountry. It
is home to the Sierra Nevada mountain range and the Eldor-
ado National Forest. Those areas, composed mainly of pub-
lic lands, are sparsely populated. Visitors from around the
world use the natural areas for fshing, backpacking, and
other recreational activities.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Most of the County's residents are concentrated in the
west and east regions. In the west, the towns of El Dorado
Hills, Cameron Park, and Shingle Springs form the outer
reaches of Sacramento's suburbs. Placerville, the county
seat, lies just beyond them. In the east, residents live along
the south shores of Lake Tahoe. Highway 50 connects these
population centers and divides the County into north and
south portions.
In recent decades, the County has experienced signifcant
population growth, and with it an increase in new develop-
ment. To account for the new demand on public services,
the County's Board of Supervisors adopted a planning docu-
ment, which it calls the General Plan, to address issues rang-
ing from wastewater collection to land-use restrictions.1
The Board of Supervisors is a legislative body under state
law, and the adoption of its General Plan is a legislative act.
See Cal. Govt. Code Ann. et seq. (West 2024).
1
See County of El Dorado Adopted General Plan, https://edcgov.us/
Government/planning/Pages/adopted_general_plan.aspx.
272 SHEETZ v. COUNTY OF EL DORADO

Opinion of the Court

To address traffc congestion, the General Plan requires
developers to pay a traffc impact fee as a condition of receiv-
ing a building permit. The County uses proceeds from these
fees to fund improvements to its road system. The fee
amount is determined by a rate schedule, which takes into
account the type of development (commercial, residential,
and so on) and its location within the County. The amount
is not based on "the cost specifcally attributable to the par-
ticular project on which the fee is imposed." 84 Cal. App.
5th 394, 402, 300 Cal. Rptr. 3d 308, 312 (2022).

B
George Sheetz owns property in the center of the County
near Highway 50, which the General Plan classifes as "Low
Density Residential." 2 Sheetz and his wife applied for a
permit to build a modest prefabricated house on the parcel,
with plans to raise their grandson there. As a condition of
Page Proof Pending Publication
receiving the permit, the County required Sheetz to pay a
traffc impact fee of $23,420, as dictated by the General Plan's
rate schedule. Sheetz paid the fee under protest and ob-
tained the permit. The County did not respond to his re-
quest for a refund.
Sheetz sought relief in state court. He claimed, among
other things, that conditioning the building permit on the
payment of a traffc impact fee constituted an unlawful "exac-
tion" of money in violation of the Takings Clause. In
Sheetz's view, our decisions in Nollan v. California Coastal
Comm'n, and Dolan v. City of Tigard, required the County to make an individualized de-
termination that the fee amount was necessary to offset traf-
fc congestion attributable to his specifc development. The
County's predetermined fee schedule, Sheetz argued, failed
to meet that requirement.

2
See Figure LU -- 1: Land Use Diagram, https://edcgov.us/government/
planning/adoptedgeneralplan/fgures/documents/LU-1.pdf.
 Cite as: (2024) 273

Opinion of the Court

The trial court rejected Sheetz's claim and the California
Court of Appeal affrmed. Relying on precedent from the
California Supreme Court, the Court of Appeal asserted that
the Nollan/Dolan test applies only to permit conditions im-
posed " `on an individual and discretionary basis.' " 84 Cal.
App. 5th, at 406, 300 Cal. Rptr. 3d, at 316 ). Fees imposed on
"a broad class of property owners through legislative ac-
tion," it said, need not satisfy that test. 84 Cal. App. 5th, at
407, 300 Cal. Rptr. 3d, at 316. The California Supreme
Court denied review.
State courts have reached different conclusions on the
question whether the Takings Clause recognizes a distinc-
tion between legislative and administrative conditions on
land-use permits.3 We granted certiorari to resolve the
split. 600 U. S. -- -- -- (2023).

Page Proof Pending
II Publication
A
When the government wants to take private property to
build roads, courthouses, or other public projects, it must
compensate the owner at fair market value. The just com-
pensation requirement comes from the Fifth Amendment's
Takings Clause, which provides: "nor shall private property
be taken for public use, without just compensation." By re-
quiring the government to pay for what it takes, the Takings
Clause saves individual property owners from bearing "pub-
3
Compare, e.g., Home Builders Assn. of Dayton and Miami Valley v.
Beavercreek, 89 Ohio St. 3d 121, 128, 729 N. E. 2d 349, 356 (2000); Northern
Ill. Home Builders Assn. v. County of Du Page, 165 Ill. 2d 25, 32 -- 33, 649
N. E. 2d 384, 389 (1995) (applying the Nollan/Dolan test to legislative
permit conditions), with, e.g., St. Clair Cty. Home Builders Assn. v. Pell
City, 61 So. 3d 992, 1007 (Ala. 2010); Home Builders Assn. of Central
Ariz. v. Scottsdale, 187 Ariz. 479, 486, 930 P. 2d 993, 1000 (1997) (following
California's approach).
274 SHEETZ v. COUNTY OF EL DORADO

Opinion of the Court

lic burdens which, in all fairness and justice, should be borne
by the public as a whole." Armstrong v. United States, (1960).
The Takings Clause's right to just compensation coexists
with the States' police power to engage in land-use planning.
(Though at times the two seem more like in-laws than soul-
mates.) While States have substantial authority to regulate
land use, see Village of Euclid v. Ambler Realty Co., (1926), the right to compensation is triggered if
they "physically appropriat[e]" property or otherwise inter-
fere with the owner's right to exclude others from it, Cedar
Point Nursery v. Hassid, -- 152 (2021).
That sort of intrusion on property rights is a per se taking.
Loretto v. Teleprompter Manhattan CATV Corp., (1982). Different rules apply to state laws that
merely restrict how land is used. A use restriction that is
"reasonably necessary to the effectuation of a substantial
Page Proof Pending Publication
government purpose" is not a taking unless it saps too much
of the property's value or frustrates the owner's investment-
backed expectations. Penn Central Transp. Co. v. New
York City, 127 (1978); see also Lucas v.
South Carolina Coastal Council, (1992)
("[T]he Fifth Amendment is violated when land-use regula-
tion does not substantially advance legitimate state interests
or denies an owner economically viable use of his land"
).
Permit conditions are more complicated. If the govern-
ment can deny a building permit to further a "legitimate
police-power purpose," then it can also place conditions on
the permit that serve the same end. Nollan, 483 U. S., at
836. Such conditions do not entitle the landowner to com-
pensation even if they require her to convey a portion of
her property to the government. Ibid. Thus, if a proposed
development will "substantially increase traffc congestion,"
the government may condition the building permit on the
owner's willingness "to deed over the land needed to widen
 Cite as: (2024) 275

Opinion of the Court

a public road." Koontz v. St. Johns River Water Manage-
ment Dist., (2013). We have described
permit conditions of this nature as "a hallmark of responsi-
ble land-use policy." Ibid. The government is entitled to
put the landowner to the choice of accepting the bargain or
abandoning the proposed development. See R. Epstein,
Bargaining With the State 188 (1993).
The bargain takes on a different character when the gov-
ernment withholds or conditions a building permit for rea-
sons unrelated to its land-use interests. Imagine that a
local planning commission denies the owner of a vacant lot a
building permit unless she allows the commission to host its
annual holiday party in her backyard (in propertyspeak,
granting it a limited-access easement). The landowner is
"likely to accede to the government's demand, no matter how
unreasonable," so long as she values the building permit
more. Koontz, 570 U. S., at 605. So too if the commission
Page Proof Pending Publication
gives the landowner the option of bankrolling the party at a
local pub instead of hosting it on her land. See id., at 612 -- 
615. Because such conditions lack a suffcient connection to
a legitimate land-use interest, they amount to "an out-and-
out plan of extortion." Nollan, 483 U. S., at 837.
Our decisions in Nollan and Dolan address this potential
abuse of the permitting process. There, we set out a two-
part test modeled on the unconstitutional conditions doc-
trine. See Perry v. Sindermann, (1972)
(government "may not deny a beneft to a person on a basis
that infringes his constitutionally protected interests").
First, permit conditions must have an "essential nexus" to
the government's land-use interest. Nollan, 483 U. S., at
837. The nexus requirement ensures that the government
is acting to further its stated purpose, not leveraging its per-
mitting monopoly to exact private property without paying
for it. See id., at 841. Second, permit conditions must have
" `rough proportionality' " to the development's impact on the
276 SHEETZ v. COUNTY OF EL DORADO

Opinion of the Court

land-use interest. Dolan, 512 U. S., at 391. A permit con-
dition that requires a landowner to give up more than is nec-
essary to mitigate harms resulting from new development
has the same potential for abuse as a condition that is unre-
lated to that purpose. See id., at 393. This test applies re-
gardless of whether the condition requires the landowner to
relinquish property or requires her to pay a "monetary exac-
tio[n]" instead of relinquishing the property. Koontz, 570
U. S., at 612 -- 615.
B
The California Court of Appeal declined to assess the
County's traffc impact fee for an essential nexus and rough
proportionality based on its view that the Nollan/Dolan test
does not apply to "legislatively prescribed monetary fees."
84 Cal. App. 5th, at 407, 300 Cal. Rptr. 3d, at 316. That was error. Nothing in
constitutional text, history, or precedent supports exempting
Page Proof Pending Publication
legislatures from ordinary takings rules.
The Constitution's text does not limit the Takings Clause
to a particular branch of government. The Clause itself,
which speaks in the passive voice, "focuses on (and prohibits)
a certain `act': the taking of private property without just
compensation." Knight v. Metropolitan Govt. of Nash-
ville & Davidson Cty., 67 F. 4th 816, 829 (CA6 2023). It
does not single out legislative acts for special treatment.
Nor does the Fourteenth Amendment, which incorporates
the Takings Clause against the States. On the contrary, the
Amendment constrains the power of each "State" as an undi-
vided whole.. Thus, there is "no textual justifcation
for saying that the existence or the scope of a State's power
to expropriate private property without just compensation
varies according to the branch of government effecting the
expropriation." Stop the Beach Renourishment, Inc. v.
Florida Dept. of Environmental Protection, (2010) (plurality opinion). Just as the Takings Clause
"protects `private property' without any distinction between
 Cite as: (2024) 277

Opinion of the Court

different types," Horne v. Department of Agriculture, (2015), it constrains the government without
any distinction between legislation and other offcial acts.
So far as the Constitution's text is concerned, permit condi-
tions imposed by the legislature and other branches stand on
equal footing.
The same goes for history. In fact, special deference for
legislative takings would have made little sense historically,
because legislation was the conventional way that govern-
ments exercised their eminent domain power. Before the
founding, colonial governments passed statutes to secure
land for courthouses, prisons, and other public buildings.
See, e.g., 4 Statutes at Large of South Carolina 319 (T.
Cooper ed. 1838) (Act of 1770) (Cooper); 6 Statutes at Large,
Laws of Virginia 283 (W. Hening ed. 1819) (Act of 1752) (Hen-
ing). These statutes "invariably required the award of com-
pensation to the owners when land was taken." J. Ely,
Page Proof Pending Publication
"That Due Satisfaction May Be Made:" the Fifth Amend-
ment and the Origins of the Compensation Principle, 36 Am.
J. Legal Hist. 1, 5 (1992). Colonial practice thus echoed
English law, which vested Parliament alone with the eminent
domain power and required that property owners receive
"full indemnifcation... for a reasonable price." 1 W. Black-
stone, Commentaries on the Laws of England 139 (1768).
During and after the Revolution, governments continued
to exercise their eminent domain power through legislation.
States passed statutes to obtain private land for their new
capitals and provided compensation to the landowners. See,
e.g., 4 Cooper 751 -- 752 (Act of 1786); 10 Hening 85 -- 87 (1822
ed.) (Act of 1779). At the national level, Congress passed
legislation to settle the Northwest Territory, which likewise
required the payment of compensation to dispossessed prop-
erty owners. Northwest Ordinance of 1789, 1 Stat. 52.
Two years later, the Fifth Amendment enshrined this long-
standing practice. Against this background, it is little sur-
prise that early constitutional theorists understood the Tak-
278 SHEETZ v. COUNTY OF EL DORADO

Opinion of the Court

ings Clause to bind the legislature specifcally. See, e. g., 3
J. Story, Commentaries on the Constitution of the United
States, p. 661 (1833); 2 J. Kent, Commentaries on
American Law 275 -- 276 (1827). Far from supporting a def-
erential view, history shows that legislation was a prime tar-
get for scrutiny under the Takings Clause.
Precedent points the same way as text and history. A
legislative exception to the Nollan/Dolan test "conficts with
the rest of our takings jurisprudence," which does not other-
wise distinguish between legislation and other offcial acts.
Knick v. Township of Scott, (2019). That
is true of physical takings, regulatory takings, and the un-
constitutional conditions doctrine in which the Nollan/Dolan
test is rooted.
Start with our physical takings cases. We have applied
the per se rule requiring just compensation to both legisla-
tion and administrative action. In Loretto, we held that a
Page Proof Pending Publication
state statute effected a taking because it authorized cable
companies to install equipment on private property without
the owner's consent. 458 U. S., at 438. In Horne, we held
that an administrative order effected a taking because it re-
quired farmers to give the Federal Government a portion of
their crop to stabilize market prices. 576 U. S., at 361. The
branch of government that authorized the appropriation did
not matter to the analysis in either case. Nor should it have.
As we have explained: "The essential question is not...
whether the government action at issue comes garbed as a
regulation (or statute, or ordinance, or miscellaneous decree).
It is whether the government has physically taken property
for itself or someone else." Cedar Point, 594 U. S., at 149.
This principle is evident in our regulatory takings cases
too. We have examined land-use restrictions imposed by
both legislatures and administrative agencies to determine
whether the restriction amounted to a taking. In Pennsyl-
vania Coal Co. v. Mahon, we held a state statute effected a
 Cite as: (2024) 279

Opinion of the Court

taking because it prohibited the owner of mineral rights
from mining coal beneath the surface estate, thus depriving
the mineral rights of practically all economic value. (1922). And in Palazzolo v. Rhode Island, we
remanded for the lower courts to determine whether an
agency decision effected a taking when it denied the owner
permission to build a beach club on the wetland portion of
his property but allowed him to build a home on the upland
portion. (2001). Here again, our deci-
sions did not suggest that the outcome turned on which
branch of government imposed the restrictions.
Excusing legislation from the Nollan/Dolan test would
also confict with precedent applying the unconstitutional
conditions doctrine in other contexts. We have applied that
doctrine to scrutinize legislation that placed conditions on
the right to free speech, Agency for Int'l Development v.
Alliance for Open Society Int'l, Inc., (2013),
free exercise of religion, Sherbert v. Verner, 
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1963), and access to federal courts, Terral v. Burke Constr.
Co., (1922), among others, e.g., Memorial Hospi-
tal v. Maricopa County, (1974) (right to travel).
Failing to give like treatment to legislative conditions on
building permits would thus "relegat[e the just compensation
requirement] to the status of a poor relation" to other consti-
tutional rights. Dolan, 512 U. S., at 392.
In sum, there is no basis for affording property rights less
protection in the hands of legislators than administrators.
The Takings Clause applies equally to both -- which means
that it prohibits legislatures and agencies alike from impos-
ing unconstitutional conditions on land-use permits.

III
The County no longer contends otherwise. In fact, at oral
argument, the parties expressed "radical agreement" that
conditions on building permits are not exempt from scrutiny
280 SHEETZ v. EL DORADO COUNTY

Sotomayor, J., concurring

under Nollan and Dolan just because a legislature imposed
them. Tr. of Oral Arg. 4, 73 -- 74. The County was wise to
distance itself from the rule applied by the California Court
of Appeal, because, as we have explained, a legislative excep-
tion to the ordinary takings rules fnds no support in consti-
tutional text, history, or precedent.
We do not address the parties' other disputes over the va-
lidity of the traffc impact fee, including whether a permit
condition imposed on a class of properties must be tailored
with the same degree of specifcity as a permit condition that
targets a particular development. The California Court of
Appeal did not consider this point -- or any of the parties'
other nuanced arguments -- because it proceeded from the
erroneous premise that legislative permit conditions are cat-
egorically exempt from the requirements of Nollan and
Dolan. Whether the parties' other arguments are pre-
served and how they bear on Sheetz's legal challenge are for
the state courts to consider in the frst instance.
Page Proof Pending Publication
* * *
The judgment of the California Court of Appeal is vacated,
and the case is remanded for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Sotomayor, with whom Justice Jackson joins,
concurring.
I join the Court's resolution of the limited question pre-
sented in this case, that conditions on building permits are "not
exempt from scrutiny under Nollan and Dolan just because a
legislature imposed them." Ante, at 279 -- 280; see Nollan v.
California Coastal Comm'n, (1987); Dolan v.
City of Tigard, (1994). There is, however, an
important threshold question to any application of Nollan/
Dolan scrutiny: whether the permit condition would be
 Cite as: (2024) 281

Gorsuch, J., concurring

a compensable taking if imposed outside the permitting
context.
"A predicate for any unconstitutional conditions claim is
that the government could not have constitutionally ordered
the person asserting the claim to do what it attempted to
pressure that person into doing." Koontz v. St. Johns River
Water Management Dist., (2013). In the
takings context, Nollan/Dolan scrutiny therefore applies
only when the condition at issue would have been a compen-
sable taking if imposed outside the permitting process. See
Koontz, 570 U. S., at 612 ("[W]e began our analysis in both
Nollan and Dolan by observing that if the government had
directly seized the easements it sought to obtain through
the permitting process, it would have committed a per se
taking").
The question presented in this case did not include that
antecedent question: whether the traffc impact fee would be
Page Proof Pending Publication
a compensable taking if imposed outside the permitting con-
text and therefore could trigger Nollan/Dolan scrutiny.
The California Court of Appeal did not consider that ques-
tion and the Court does not resolve it. See ante, at 279 -- 
280. With this understanding, I join the Court's opinion.

Justice Gorsuch, concurring.
George Sheetz sued El Dorado County, alleging that the
county's actions violated the Takings Clause under the test
this Court set forth in Nollan v. California Coastal
Comm'n, (1987), and Dolan v. City of Tigard,
(1994). State courts dismissed Mr. Sheetz's
suit, holding that the Nollan/Dolan test applies only in chal-
lenges to administrative, not legislative, actions. Today, the
county essentially confesses error, and the Court corrects
the state courts' mistake. It does so because our Constitu-
tion deals in substance, not form. However the government
chooses to act, whether by way of regulation " `or statute, or
282 SHEETZ v. COUNTY OF EL DORADO

Gorsuch, J., concurring

ordinance, or miscellaneous decree,' " it must follow the same
constitutional rules. Ante, at 278 ).
The Court notes but does not address a separate question:
whether the Nollan/Dolan test operates differently when an
alleged taking affects a "class of properties" rather than "a
particular development." Ante, at 280. But how could it?
To assess whether a government has engaged in a taking by
imposing a condition on the development of land, the Nollan/
Dolan test asks whether the condition in question bears an
" `essential nexus' " to the government's land-use interest and
has " `rough proportionality' " to a property's impact on that
interest. Ante, at 275. Nothing about that test depends on
whether the government imposes the challenged condition
on a large class of properties or a single tract or something
in between. Once more, how the government acts may vary
but the Constitution's standard for assessing those actions
Page Proof Pending Publication
does not.
Our precedents confrm as much. In Nollan, the Califor-
nia Coastal Commission told the plaintiffs that they could
build a home on their land only if they accepted an easement
allowing public access across their property along the beach.
The plaintiffs argued that the commission's demand
amounted to a taking without just compensation, and the
Court agreed. In doing so, the Court acknowledged that the
commission hadn't singled out the plaintiffs' particular prop-
erty for special treatment but "had similarly conditioned"
dozens of other building projects. 483 U. S., at 829. It ac-
knowledged, too, that the commission's demand of the plain-
tiffs came about only because of a " `comprehensive pro-
gram' " demanding similar public access easements up and
down the California coast. Id., at 841. But none of that
made any difference in the Court's analysis, the test it ap-
plied, or the conclusion it reached. All that mattered was
whether the government's action amounted to an uncompen-
 Cite as: (2024) 283

Gorsuch, J., concurring

sated taking of the property of the plaintiffs whose case was
actually before the Court. Id., at 838.
In Dolan, the Court faced a similar situation and reached
a similar conclusion. There, an Oregon municipality condi-
tioned a building permit on the plaintiff 's agreement to dedi-
cate part of her land to "food control and traffc improve-
ments." 512 U. S., at 377. No one suggested that the city
had targeted the plaintiff's development for special treat-
ment; everyone agreed that the city's challenged action was
the result of a "comprehensive land use pla[n]," one devel-
oped to meet "statewide planning goals." Ibid. Even so,
the Court held an "individualized determination" necessary
to determine whether an unconstitutional taking had oc-
curred under the same test the Court applied in Nollan.
512 U. S., at 393.
The logic of today's decision is entirely consistent with
these conclusions. The Takings Clause, the Court stresses,
Page Proof Pending Publication
is no " `poor relation' to other constitutional rights." Ante,
at 279. And the govern-
ment rarely mitigates a constitutional problem by multiply-
ing it. A governmentally imposed condition on the free-
dom of speech, the right to assemble, or the right to confront
one's accuser, for example, is no more permissible when en-
forced against a large "class" of persons than it is when en-
forced against a "particular" group. If takings claims must
receive "like treatment," ante, at 279, whether the govern-
ment owes just compensation for taking your property can-
not depend on whether it has taken your neighbors' prop-
erty too.
In short, nothing in Nollan, Dolan, or today's decision
supports distinguishing between government actions against
the many and the few any more than it supports distinguish-
ing between legislative and administrative actions. In all
these settings, the same constitutional rules apply. With
that understanding, I am pleased to join the Court's opinion.
284 SHEETZ v. COUNTY OF EL DORADO

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

Justice Kavanaugh, with whom Justice Kagan and
Justice Jackson join, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion. I write separately to under-
score that the Court has not previously decided -- and today
explicitly declines to decide -- whether "a permit condition
imposed on a class of properties must be tailored with the
same degree of specifcity as a permit condition that targets
a particular development." Ante, at 280. Importantly,
therefore, today's decision does not address or prohibit the
common government practice of imposing permit conditions,
such as impact fees, on new developments through reason-
able formulas or schedules that assess the impact of classes
of development rather than the impact of specifc parcels of
property. Moreover, as is apparent from the fact that to-
day's decision expressly leaves the question open, no prior
decision of this Court has addressed or prohibited that long-
standing government practice. Both Nollan and Dolan con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sidered permit conditions tailored to specifc parcels of prop-
erty. See Dolan v. City of Tigard, -- 381,
393 (1994); Nollan v. California Coastal Comm'n, -- 829 (1987). Those decisions had no occasion to ad-
dress permit conditions, such as impact fees, that are im-
posed on permit applicants based on reasonable formulas or
schedules that assess the impact of classes of development.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None