JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
all but Parts II -- B -- 2 and III, concluding that, in the context of
Zubaydah's discovery application, the Court of Appeals erred in
holding that the state secrets privilege did not apply to information
that could confirm or deny the existence of a CIA detention site in Po-
land. Pp. 7 -- 13, 14 -- 15, 18.
(a) The state secrets privilege permits the Government to prevent
disclosure of information when that disclosure would harm national
security interests. United States v. Reynolds, -- 11. To
assert the privilege, the Government must submit to the court a "for-
mal claim of privilege, lodged by the head of the department which has
control over the matter." Id., at 7 -- 8. "The court itself must determine
whether the circumstances are appropriate for the claim of privilege."
Id., at 8. However, in making that determination, a court should ex-
ercise its traditional "reluctan[ce] to intrude upon the authority of the
Executive in military and national security affairs," Department of
Navy v. Egan,. If the Government has offered a
valid reason for invoking the privilege, "the showing of necessity" by
the party seeking disclosure of the ostensibly privileged information
will "determine how far the court should probe in satisfying itself that
the occasion for invoking the privilege is appropriate." Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 11. The narrow evidentiary dispute before the Court asks how
these principles apply to Zubaydah's specific discovery requests.
Pp. 7 -- 9.
(b) In certain circumstances, the Government may assert the state
secrets privilege to bar the confirmation or denial of information that
has entered the public domain through unofficial sources. Here, the
information held by the Ninth Circuit to be nonprivileged would nec-
essarily tend to confirm (or deny) that the CIA maintained a detention
site in Poland. The Government has shown that such information -- 
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Syllabus

even if already made public through unofficial sources -- could signifi-
cantly harm national security. The CIA Director stated in his declara-
tion that "clandestine" relationships with foreign intelligence services
are "critical" and "based on mutual trust that the classified existence
and nature of the relationship will not be disclosed." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 135a -- 136a. Given the nature of Zubaydah's specific discovery
requests there is a reasonable danger that in this case a former CIA
insider's confirmation of confidential cooperation between the CIA and
a foreign intelligence service could badly damage the CIA's clandestine
relationships with foreign authorities. Pp. 9 -- 13.
(c) The CIA contractors' confirmation (or denial) of the information
Zubaydah seeks would be tantamount to disclosure by the CIA itself.
The contractors worked directly for the CIA and had a central role in
the events in question. The CIA Director describes the harm that
would result from the contractors responding to the subpoenas, not the
risks of a response from the CIA (or any other CIA official or employee).
Pp. 14 -- 15.
(d) Zubaydah's need for location information is not great, perhaps
close to nonexistent. At oral argument, he suggested that he did not
seek confirmation of the detention site's Polish location so much as he
sought information about what had happened there. P. 15.
(e) Here, the state secrets privilege applies to the existence (or non-
existence) of a CIA facility in Poland, and therefore precludes further
discovery into all three categories of information the Ninth Circuit con-
cluded to be nonprivileged. P. 15.
(f) This case is remanded with instructions to dismiss Zubaydah's
current application for discovery under. P. 18.

BREYER, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, except as to Parts II -- 
B -- 2 and III. ROBERTS, C. J., joined that opinion in full, KAVANAUGH and
BARRETT, JJ., joined as to all but Part II -- B -- 2, KAGAN, J., joined as to all
but Parts III and IV and the judgment of dismissal, and THOMAS and
ALITO, JJ., joined Part IV. THOMAS, J., filed an opinion concurring in
part and concurring in the judgment, in which ALITO, J., joined. KA-
VANAUGH, J., filed an opinion concurring in part, in which BARRETT, J.,
joined. KAGAN, J., filed an opinion concurring in part and dissenting in
part. GORSUCH, J., filed a dissenting opinion, in which SOTOMAYOR, J.,
joined.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order that
corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court, ex-
cept as to Parts II -- B -- 2 and III.*
Abu Zubaydah, a detainee in the Guantánamo Bay Naval
Base, and his attorney filed an ex parte 28 U. S. C. 
motion in Federal District Court seeking to subpoena two
former Central Intelligence Agency contractors. Zubaydah
sought to obtain information (for use in Polish litigation)
about his treatment in 2002 and 2003 at a CIA detention
site, which Zubaydah says was located in Poland. See 28
U. S. C. (permitting district courts to order produc-
tion of testimony or documents "for use in a proceeding in a
foreign... tribunal"). The Government intervened. It
moved to quash the subpoenas based on the state secrets
privilege. That privilege allows the Government to bar the
disclosure of information that, were it revealed, would harm
national security. United States v. Reynolds, -- 7 (1953).
The Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit mostly ac-
cepted the Government's claim of privilege. Husayn v.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*JUSTICE KAGAN joins all but Parts III and IV of this opinion and the
judgment of dismissal.
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

Mitchell, 938 F. 3d 1123, 1134 (2019). But it concluded that
the privilege did not cover information about the location of
the detention site, which Zubaydah alleges to have been in
Poland. Ibid. The Court of Appeals believed that the site's
location had already been publicly disclosed and that the
state secrets privilege did not bar disclosure of information
that was no longer secret (and which, in any event, was be-
ing sought from private parties). Id., at 1132 -- 1133. The
Government argues that the privilege should apply because
Zubaydah's discovery request could force former CIA con-
tractors to confirm the location of the detention site and
that confirmation would itself significantly harm national
security interests. In our view, the Government has pro-
vided sufficient support for its claim of harm to warrant ap-
plication of the privilege. We reverse the Ninth Circuit's
contrary holding.
I
A
For present purposes, we can assume the following: In
the aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks,
the CIA believed that Zubaydah was a senior al Qaeda lieu-
tenant likely to possess knowledge of future attacks against
the United States. S. Rep. No. 288, 113th Cong., 2d Sess.,
p. 21, and (2014) (SSCI Report). In March 2002,
Zubaydah was captured by Pakistani government officials
working with the CIA. Id., at 21. The CIA then transferred
him to a detention site that some sources allege was located
in Thailand. Id., at 22 -- 23; see also 3 Record 552.
Zubaydah remained at this location for several months.
SSCI Report 22, 67. During that time he was subjected to
what the Government then called "enhanced interrogation"
techniques, including waterboarding, stress positions,
cramped confinement, and sleep deprivation. Id., at 40 -- 41.
The Government has since concluded that this treatment
constituted torture. See Press Conference by the President,
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of the Court

Office of the Press Secretary, Aug. 1, 2014, https://
obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2014/08/01/
press-conference-president.
In December 2002, the CIA transferred Zubaydah to a
different detention site -- the site at issue here. SSCI Re-
port 67. The CIA has never confirmed its location, but
Zubaydah and many others believe it was in Poland.
In September 2006, the Government transferred
Zubaydah to its detention facility at the Guantánamo Bay
Naval Base. 3 Record 583. He has been detained in Guan-
tánamo Bay ever since. 938 F. 3d, at 1125.
Some of this information and related details have ap-
peared in various publicly-available documents, including:
• The almost-500 page Executive Summary of a Senate
Select Committee on Intelligence Report concerning
the CIA's use of "enhanced interrogation" techniques.
See generally SSCI Report.
• The European Court of Human Rights' findings con-
cerning Zubaydah's treatment, which that court con-
cluded had taken place in Poland. 3 Record 382 -- 607.
• Testimony given by James Mitchell and John Jessen,
the former CIA contractors who are the targets of
Zubaydah's subpoenas and who designed and imple-
mented the CIA's post-September 11 enhanced-
interrogation program. Id., at 106 -- 149; Tr. in United
States v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, et al. (Jan. 21 -- 31,
2020).
• Mitchell's memoir of his involvement with the CIA's en-
hanced-interrogation program. See generally J. Mitch-
ell & B. Harlow, Enhanced Interrogation: Inside the
Minds and Motives of the Islamic Terrorists Trying to
Destroy America (2016).
Some of these and other publicly available sources say
that, in 2002 and 2003, Zubaydah was detained at a CIA
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

facility in Poland. But, the Government states, the CIA it-
self has never confirmed that one or more of its clandestine
detention sites was located in any specific foreign country.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 134a. Neither, as far as we can tell
from the record, have the contractors Mitchell and Jessen
named the specific foreign countries in which CIA detention
sites were located. Rather, they (like the SSCI Report) have
used code names to refer to the locations where Zubaydah
was held. See, e.g., SSCI Report 62; Tr. in United States v.
Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, et al. (Jan. 21, 2020), at 30190.
Finally, although at least one former Polish government of-
ficial has stated that Poland cooperated with the CIA, to our
knowledge, the Polish government itself has never con-
firmed such allegations. 3 Record 472.
B
1
In 2010, lawyers representing Zubaydah filed a criminal
complaint in Poland asking prosecutors there to hold ac-
countable any Polish nationals who were involved in his al-
leged mistreatment in that country. 938 F. 3d, at 1127. In-
voking a Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty, the Polish
prosecutors asked American authorities for information.
3 Record 441. The United States Department of Justice re-
fused their request on the ground that providing the infor-
mation would adversely affect our national security. Id.,
at 444; see also App. to Brief for Petitioner 4a. The Polish
investigation closed without prosecutions. 938 F. 3d, at
1127.
In 2015, the European Court of Human Rights considered
the matter. It concluded that the CIA had held and tor-
tured Zubaydah at a site located in Poland. 3 Record 558.
It also stated that Poland had failed adequately to investi-
gate the human rights violations that the court believed
had occurred on Polish soil. Id., at 581.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of the Court

In response, the Polish prosecutors reopened their inves-
tigation. 938 F. 3d, at 1128. They again requested infor-
mation from the United States under the Mutual Legal As-
sistance Treaty, and the United States again denied their
requests. Ibid.; see also 3 Record 632 -- 633. At that point,
the Polish prosecutors invited Zubaydah's lawyers to sub-
mit evidence that would aid their investigation.
2
Soon afterward, Zubaydah (and his lawyer) filed the ex
parte 28 U. S. C. discovery application now before us.
938 F. 3d, at 1128. Section 1782 says that a district court
may order a person in its district to provide testimony or
documents "for use in a proceeding in a foreign... tribunal,
including criminal investigations conducted before formal
accusation." Zubaydah asked for permission to serve the
contractors, Mitchell and Jessen, with subpoenas com-
manding them to appear for depositions and to produce
"documents, memoranda and correspondence" regarding an
alleged CIA detention facility in Poland and Zubaydah's
treatment there. The Appendix, infra, at 19 -- 20, lists
Zubaydah's document requests. Twelve of Zubaydah's thir-
teen document requests referred to Poland, and 10 specifi-
cally requested documents "concerning" an alleged CIA de-
tention facility located in Stare Kiejkuty, Poland. Ibid. The
District Court granted Zubaydah's request. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 70a.
The Government intervened. 938 F. 3d, at 1129. Sec-
tion 1782(a) provides that a "person may not be compelled
to give his testimony or statement or to produce a document
or other thing in violation of any legally applicable privi-
lege." The Government claimed that disclosure of the infor-
mation Zubaydah sought would violate the state secrets
privilege. 938 F. 3d, at 1129. It asked the court to quash
the subpoenas. Ibid.
To support its privilege claim, the Government submitted
6 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

a declaration from the Director of the CIA. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 123a -- 137a. The Director said that Mitchell and
Jessen's response to Zubaydah's subpoenas would, in this
case, confirm or deny whether Poland had cooperated with
the CIA. Id., at 129a -- 130a. And that confirmation, the Di-
rector explained, would significantly harm our national se-
curity interests. Id., at 131a.
The District Court granted the Government's motion to
quash the subpoenas. Id., at 60a. It did not accept the Gov-
ernment's claim "that merely confirming [that] a detention
site was operated in Poland would pose a grave risk to na-
tional security." Id., at 59a. But it nonetheless thought the
state secrets privilege applied. It concluded that the state
secrets privilege allowed the Government to suppress "op-
erational details concerning the specifics of cooperation
with a foreign government, including the roles and identi-
ties of foreign individuals." Id., at 55a -- 56a. And it believed that it was not possible to conduct
"[m]eaningful discovery... in this matter" without disclos-
ing these (or other) protected types of information. Id., at
57a. The court rejected Zubaydah's suggestion that it
would be possible to conduct further discovery through the
use of code names that would conceal the locations of CIA
detention facilities. Id., at 55a -- 57a. The court conse-
quently dismissed Zubaydah's application. Id., at
60a.
Zubaydah appealed. A divided panel of the Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in
part. The panel listed the following examples of privileged
information sought by Zubaydah: "documents, memoranda,
and correspondence about the identities and roles of foreign
individuals involved with the detention facility, operational
details about the facility, and any contracts made with
Polish government officials or private persons residing in
Poland [that] might implicate the CIA's intelligence gath-
ering efforts." 938 F. 3d, at 1134; see also Appendix, infra,
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of the Court

at 19 -- 20. But the panel majority held that the District
Court nonetheless should not have dismissed the case.
That was because, in its view, the state secrets privilege did
not apply to information that was already publicly known.
938 F. 3d, at 1133. It added that because Mitchell and
Jessen are "private parties," their disclosures would not
tend to show that the Government itself had "confirm[ed]
or den[ied] anything." Ibid.
More specifically, the panel majority wrote that three cat-
egories of information were not covered by the state secrets
privilege: "the fact that the CIA operated a detention facil-
ity in Poland in the early 2000s; information about the use
of interrogation techniques and conditions of confinement
in that detention facility; and details of Abu Zubaydah's
treatment there." Id., at 1134. The panel
then remanded the case to the District Court for further
proceedings. Id., at 1135, 1137 -- 1138.
The Court of Appeals denied, over a twelve-judge dissent,
the Government's request for rehearing en banc. 965 F. 3d
775 (2020). We granted the Government's petition for cer-
tiorari to determine whether the Court of Appeals erred.
We believe that it did.
II
A
The state secrets privilege permits the Government to
prevent disclosure of information when that disclosure
would harm national security interests. See Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 10 -- 11 (disclosure of Air Force accident investiga-
tion report could disclose "military secrets"); In re Sealed
Case, 494 F. 3d 139, 144 (CADC 2007) (disclosure of inspec-
tor general reports would "create the risk of revealing cov-
ert operatives, organizational structure and functions, and
intelligence-gathering sources, methods, and capabilities");
see also Molerio v. FBI, 749 F. 2d 815, 819, 822 (CADC
1984) (Scalia, J.) (disclosure of FBI's rationale for not hiring
8 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

plaintiff "would impair the national security").
To assert the privilege, the Government must submit to
the court a "formal claim of privilege, lodged by the head of
the department which has control over the matter, after ac-
tual personal consideration by that officer." Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 7 -- 8. "The court itself must determine whether the
circumstances are appropriate for the claim of privilege."
Id., at 8. "Judicial control over the evidence in a case can-
not be abdicated to the caprice of executive officers." Id., at
9 -- 10. Nonetheless, in assessing the Government's claim
that disclosure may harm national security, courts must ex-
ercise the traditional "reluctan[ce] to intrude upon the au-
thority of the Executive in military and national security
affairs." Department of Navy v. Egan, 
(1988).
Although the court itself must assess the sufficiency of
the Government's privilege claim, "the showing of necessity
which is made," by the party seeking disclosure of the os-
tensibly privileged information, "will determine how far the
court should probe in satisfying itself that the occasion for
invoking the privilege is appropriate." Reynolds, 345 U. S.,
at 11. "Where there is a strong showing of necessity, the
claim of privilege should not be lightly accepted." Ibid. In
contrast, "where necessity is dubious, a formal claim of priv-
ilege," demonstrating "a reasonable possibility" of harm to
national security, "will have to prevail." Ibid. And in all
events, "even the most compelling necessity cannot over-
come the claim of privilege if the court is ultimately satis-
fied that military secrets are at stake." Ibid.
JUSTICE GORSUCH agrees that the Government must
show a reasonable danger of harm to national security, that
a court must decide for itself whether the occasion is appro-
priate for claiming the privilege, and that in camera review
is not always required to make that determination. Post, at
17 -- 19 (dissenting opinion). We diverge from the dissent on
how those principles should apply to the specific discovery
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of the Court

requests Zubaydah has made in this litigation. Of course,
our answer to that question is not a judgment of Zubaydah's
alleged terrorist activities, nor of his treatment at the
hands of the United States Government. Obviously the
Court condones neither terrorism nor torture, but in this
case we are required to decide only a narrow evidentiary
dispute.
B
An important factor in our analysis of that narrow issue
is the specific language of Zubaydah's discovery requests
and the Ninth Circuit's opinion, which both make it clear
that any response Mitchell and Jessen give to Zubaydah's
subpoenas would tend to confirm (or deny) the existence of
a CIA detention site in Poland. As we have said, 12 of
Zubaydah's 13 document requests contain the word "Po-
land" or "Polish." Appendix, infra, at 19 -- 20. (The exception
is a broad request for any and all documents concerning
Zubaydah himself. Ibid.) Ten of the requests specifically
seek "documents, correspondence, or memoranda... con-
cerning" the alleged CIA detention site in Stare Kiejkuty,
Poland. Ibid. If Mitchell and Jessen acknowledge the ex-
istence of documents responsive to these requests, they will
effectively acknowledge the existence of the detention facil-
ity referenced therein. Conversely, denying the existence
of responsive documents would deny the existence of such a
facility. In any event, any response to the lion's share of
Zubaydah's document requests will either confirm or deny
that the CIA operated a detention site in Poland.
The problem is confirmed by the Ninth Circuit's opinion,
which allowed continued discovery into three topics: the ex-
istence of a CIA detention facility in Poland, the conditions
of confinement and interrogation at that facility, and
Zubaydah's treatment at that location. 938 F. 3d, at 1134.
The first category, of course, requires Mitchell and Jessen
10 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

to directly confirm or deny the existence of a Polish deten-
tion site. The latter two categories require, at the very
least, confirmation or denial, since acknowledging that any
confinement, interrogation, or treatment occurred at a CIA
detention facility located in Poland would confirm that such
a facility exists or existed.
Because any response to Zubaydah's subpoenas allowed
by the Ninth Circuit's decision will have the effect of confir-
mation or denial (by the Government or its former contrac-
tors) of the existence of a CIA facility in Poland, the primary
question for us must be whether the existence (or non-ex-
istence) of a CIA detention facility in Poland falls within the
scope of the state secrets privilege. For the reasons that
follow, we conclude that it does.
1
We agree with the Government that sometimes infor-
mation that has entered the public domain may nonetheless
fall within the scope of the state secrets privilege. But see
938 F. 3d, at 1133 ("[I]n order to be a 'state secret,' a fact
must first be a 'secret' "). The Government here has pro-
vided a reasonable explanation of why Mitchell and
Jessen's confirmation or denial of the information
Zubaydah seeks could significantly harm national security
interests, even if that information has already been made
public through unofficial sources.
The CIA Director stated in his declaration that the
Agency's counterterrorism efforts rely on "clandestine" re-
lationships with foreign intelligence services. App. to Pet.
for Cert. 130a -- 131a. The Director explained that foreign
intelligence services "are a critical intelligence source,"
whose help is "vital to our world-wide efforts to collect in-
telligence and thwart terrorist attacks." Ibid.
He further explained that these "sensitive" relationships
with other nations are "based on mutual trust that the clas-
sified existence and nature of the relationship will not be
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

Opinion of the Court

disclosed." Id., at 135a -- 136a. To confirm the existence of
such a relationship would "breach" that trust and have "se-
rious negative consequences," including jeopardizing "rela-
tionships with other foreign intelligence or security ser-
vices." Id., at 131a -- 132a. In light of these concerns, the
CIA "has steadfastly refused to confirm or deny the accu-
racy" of public speculation about its cooperation with Po-
land, leaving "an important element of doubt about the ve-
racity" of that speculation, providing "an additional layer of
confidentiality," and at least confirming that the United
States will "stand firm in safeguarding any coordinated
clandestine activities," despite the passage of time, the ex-
istence of media reports, and changes in public opinion. Id.,
at 133a -- 136a. In a word, to confirm publicly the existence
of a CIA site in Country A, can diminish the extent to which
the intelligence services of Countries A, B, C, D, etc., will
prove willing to cooperate with our own intelligence ser-
vices in the future.
JUSTICE GORSUCH believes that the Government has
failed to meet its "burden of showing that a 'reasonable dan-
ger' of harm to national security would follow from sharing
the information sought." Post, at 21 -- 22. In his view, the
Director's declaration is insufficient to demonstrate "that
requiring the government to acknowledge [that the CIA did
or did not operate a detention facility in Poland in the early
2000s] would invite a reasonable danger of additional harm
to national security." Post, at 22 -- 23. We disagree. It
stands to reason that a former CIA insider's confirmation of
confidential cooperation between the CIA and a foreign in-
telligence service could damage the CIA's clandestine rela-
tionships with foreign authorities. Confirmation by such an
insider is different in kind from speculation in the press or
even by foreign courts because it leaves virtually no doubt
as to the veracity of the information that has been con-
firmed. And there is ample reason to think that the circum-
12 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

stances of this case -- particularly the specific discovery re-
quests at issue here -- could lead to this kind of confirma-
tion. In any event, the CIA's refusal to confirm or deny its
cooperation with foreign intelligence services plays an im-
portant role in and of itself in maintaining the trust upon
which those relationships are based.
Nor, as JUSTICE GORSUCH believes, do we reach this con-
clusion by incorrectly placing the burden on Zubaydah to
disprove the Government's assertion of harm. Post, at 23.
To the contrary, we agree with JUSTICE GORSUCH that the
Government bears the burden of showing that the privilege
should apply -- we simply disagree with his conclusion that
it failed to meet that burden here. In our view, the Direc-
tor's declaration adequately establishes "that there is a rea-
sonable danger that compulsion of the evidence [at issue]
will expose... matters which, in the interest of national
security, should not be divulged." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at
10. And we have found nothing in the evidentiary record
that casts doubt on our conclusion that the Government has
met its burden here. Reynolds itself contemplated that a
similar basis for a claim of privilege could prevail without
further examination by the court of the ostensibly privi-
leged evidence. Id., at 9 -- 11.
In contrast, JUSTICE THOMAS, referring to Reynolds, be-
lieves that we need not consider the Government's justifi-
cations for invoking the privilege at all because Zubaydah
has not made a " 'strong showing of necessity' " for the re-
quested information. Post, at 1 -- 2 (opinion concurring in
part and concurring in judgment). Reynolds, however,
taken as an example, indicates that the Government ini-
tially must formally invoke the privilege. 345 U. S., at 8.
Then the court itself must "determine whether the circum-
stances are appropriate for the claim of privilege." Ibid.
And only after satisfying itself that the Government has of-
fered a valid reason for invoking the privilege would a court
turn to the issue of necessity (a matter that would help the
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

court determine how deeply to probe the details of, and ba-
sis for, the Government's privilege claim). Id., at 10 -- 11.
We follow Reynolds' example here.
2
Additionally, the Government cites legal authority from
the separate but roughly analogous Freedom of Information
Act (FOIA) context, which supports our conclusion that the
CIA's concerns warrant application of the state secrets priv-
ilege. Brief for Petitioner 32 -- 34. The FOIA contains ex-
emptions that permit an agency to withhold Government
records that a member of the public has requested and
which the agency would otherwise have to disclose. 5
U. S. C.. But the exemptions do not apply (and the
agency must make the information available) if the infor-
mation has already become public, provided that it has been
"officially acknowledged" by the agency from which the in-
formation is sought. Fitzgibbon v. CIA, 911 F. 2d 755, 765
(CADC 1990). The Court of Appeals held
that, under the circumstances present in Fitzgibbon, if
there has been "official acknowledgment" then the agency
must disclose the information despite the exemption. Ibid.
If the agency has not officially acknowledged the infor-
mation, however, then it may withhold the information (un-
der an applicable exemption) despite the fact that the infor-
mation has become public. Ibid.
To be clear, the FOIA doctrine is only an (imperfect) anal-
ogy, and nothing in this opinion should be taken to suggest
that the waiver standards in that area apply directly to the
state secrets privilege. However, the principles underlying
the FOIA rule provide at least some support for the Govern-
ment's position here. Lower courts have explained that the
official acknowledgement doctrine recognizes the reality
that official confirmation of sensitive information may pose
risks that unofficial disclosure does not. "It is one thing for
a reporter or author to speculate or guess that a thing may
14 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

be so or even, quoting undisclosed sources, to say that it is
so; it is quite another thing for one in a position to know of
it officially to say that it is so." Alfred A. Knopf, Inc. v.
Colby, 509 F. 2d 1362, 1370 (CA4 1975). Official confirma-
tion may dispel "lingering doubts" or reveal that the infor-
mation currently in the public domain is incomplete or itself
a cover story. Military Audit Project v. Casey, 656 F. 2d 724,
744 -- 745 (CADC 1981).
This logic helps to explain why disclosure by Mitchell and
Jessen could be harmful in ways that disclosure by other
sources would not. Here, the Government has not con-
firmed or otherwise officially acknowledged the existence of
a CIA detention site in Poland and it has explained why,
under these circumstances, confirmation of that infor-
mation could reasonably be expected to significantly harm
national security interests. That is sufficient to demon-
strate that "the occasion for the privilege is appropriate."
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10. (The Polish government has also
never confirmed whether it cooperated with the CIA, so we
need not decide in this case what significance, if any, that
disclosure would have.)
3
The Court of Appeals also believed that, because Mitchell
and Jessen are "private parties," their "disclosures [were]
not equivalent to the United States confirming or denying
anything." 938 F. 3d, at 1133. We do not agree with this
conclusion. Mitchell and Jessen worked directly for the CIA
as contractors. Zubaydah contends (without contradiction)
that Mitchell and Jessen "devised and implemented" the
CIA's enhanced-interrogation program and that they per-
sonally interrogated Zubaydah. Brief for Respondents 1 -- 2.
Given Mitchell and Jessen's central role in the relevant
events, we believe that their confirmation (or denial) of the
information Zubaydah seeks would be tantamount to a dis-
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

closure from the CIA itself. Indeed, the CIA Director's Dec-
laration describes the harm that would result from Mitchell
and Jessen responding to the subpoenas, not the risks of a
response from the CIA (or any other CIA official or em-
ployee).
4
At the same time, Zubaydah's need is not great. At oral
argument Zubaydah suggested that he did not seek confir-
mation of the detention site's Polish location so much as he
sought information about what had happened there. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 44 ("We know where Abu Zubaydah was. We
want to establish how he was treated there").
5
For these reasons, we conclude that in this case the state
secrets privilege applies to the existence (or nonexistence)
of a CIA facility in Poland. It therefore precludes further
discovery into all three categories of information the Ninth
Circuit concluded to be nonprivileged because, as we have
explained, such discovery will inevitably confirm or deny
the existence of such a facility. See supra, at 8 -- 10.
III
While JUSTICE KAGAN and JUSTICE GORSUCH would send
the case back for additional proceedings, we believe that it
must be dismissed. Although application of the state se-
crets privilege does not always require dismissal, we are
unpersuaded that the litigation at issue here, founded upon
the specific document requests set forth in the Appendix,
infra, at 19 -- 20, can survive the Government's successful
privilege claim.
JUSTICE GORSUCH first suggests that we should remand
for the District Court to conduct "in camera review of any
evidence the government might wish to present to substan-
tiate its privilege claim." Post, at 24. It is true that some-
times a court must personally review the evidence at issue
16 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

in order to assess the Government's assertion of the state
secrets privilege. See Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10. However,
additional judicial probing is inappropriate here for two
reasons taken together. First, for the reasons explained
above, the CIA Director's affidavit, together with the lack
of contrary evidence, is sufficient to "satisfy [us]... that
there is a reasonable danger that compulsion of the [privi-
leged] evidence will expose... matters which, in the inter-
est of national security, should not be divulged." Ibid. Sec-
ond, the necessity of additional judicial probing depends, as
we have explained, on Zubaydah's need for the information
he seeks. We have explained that much of that information
is already publicly available from other sources. Supra,
at 3. The public availability of information concerning
Zubaydah's treatment diminishes his need for the discovery
he seeks from Mitchell and Jessen, and thus for further ju-
dicial probing of the Government's privilege claim. See
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11 ("necessity [is] greatly minimized
by an available alternative"). Zubaydah's need for infor-
mation about his treatment may be further diminished by
the Government's representation that (subject to a security
review) it will allow Zubaydah "to send a declaration that
could be transmitted to Polish prosecutors." Letter from
B. Fletcher, Acting Solicitor General, to S. Harris, Clerk of
Court 3 (Oct. 15, 2021). And, as we just said, Zubaydah's
counsel stated at oral argument: "We know where Abu
Zubaydah was. We want to establish how he was treated
there." Tr. of Oral Arg. 44.
Alternatively, both JUSTICE KAGAN and JUSTICE
GORSUCH suggest that even if "the existence [or nonexist-
ence] of a detention site in Poland really does qualify as a
state secret," we should nonetheless remand so that discov-
ery may continue on a different topic: Zubaydah's treatment
from "December 2002 through September 2003 and without
reference to geography." Post, at 24 (GORSUCH, J., dissent-
ing); see also post, at 2 -- 5 (KAGAN, J., concurring in part and
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 17

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

dissenting in part). In their view, "familiar judicial tools,"
such as protective orders and code names, would be ade-
quate to protect against the possibility of an "inadvertent
disclosur[e]" of privileged information. Post, at 25 (opinion
of GORSUCH, J.); see also post, at 3 -- 4 (opinion of KAGAN, J.).
Unfortunately, this suggestion ignores the nature of the
specific discovery requests at issue here. It may well be
that such techniques have successfully prevented the dis-
closure of classified information in previous litigation on re-
lated subject matter. See post, at 25 -- 26 (opinion of
GORSUCH, J.) (describing protective measures used to pre-
vent disclosure of classified information in United States
v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad and Salim v. Mitchell,
No. 2:15 -- cv -- 286 (ED Wash.)). But the nature of this case
(an exclusively discovery-related proceeding aimed at pro-
ducing evidence for use by Polish criminal investigators)
and the specific discovery requests before us convince us
that these techniques would not be effective here. In par-
ticular, as we have already explained, both the subpoena's
language and the Ninth Circuit's decision are such that any
response to Zubaydah's discovery requests would inevitably
tend to confirm or deny whether the CIA operated a deten-
tion site located in Poland. Supra, at 8. All this is true
regardless of protective measures that might be employed
by the courts below. Of course, we need not and do not here
decide whether a different discovery request filed by
Zubaydah might avoid the problems that preclude further
litigation regarding the requests at issue here.
Finally, JUSTICE GORSUCH ignores the nature of this liti-
gation. This case arises from Zubaydah's ex parte applica-
tion for discovery under. It is a purely evidentiary
proceeding and thus unlike most litigation, which may, af-
ter a successful assertion of the state secrets privilege, "con-
tinue without the government's privileged proof." Post, at
24. Here, the privilege blocks Zubaydah's discovery re-
quests, which are the proceeding's sole object. Given that
18 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

fact, we can see no reason to remand for further proceed-
ings.
IV
We reverse the judgment of the Ninth Circuit and re-
mand the case with instructions to dismiss Zubaydah's cur-
rent application for discovery under.
It is so ordered.
Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 19

Opinion of the Court

APPENDIX
20 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins, con-
curring in part and concurring in the judgment.
Under United States v. Reynolds, (1953), a
court evaluates the Government's assertion of the state-
secrets privilege based on "the showing of necessity...
made" by the party requesting discovery. Id., at 11. If the
party makes only "a dubious showing of necessity," the
claim of privilege "will have to prevail" without judicial
scrutiny into the Government's basis for the claim. Ibid. If
the party makes "a strong showing of necessity," however,
immediate dismissal of the discovery request is not re-
quired. Ibid. A court may then ask whether there is a "rea-
sonable danger" that "military secrets are at stake." Id., at
10 -- 11. In answering that question, the court must afford
"the utmost deference" to the Executive's national-security
assessment. Department of Navy v. Egan, (1988). "[I]f the
court is ultimately satisfied that military secrets are at
stake," "even the most compelling necessity cannot over-
come the claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11.
The Court acknowledges that Abu Zubaydah's need for
discovery from two CIA contractors is "not great," ante, at
15, but it declines to dismiss Zubaydah's discovery applica-
tion on that basis. Rather, the Court concludes that the
Government "has provided a reasonable explanation" why
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Zubaydah's proposed discovery "could significantly harm
national security interests." Ante, at 10. In my view,
Zubaydah's "dubious" need for the discovery he seeks re-
quires dismissal of his discovery application, regardless of
the Government's reasons for invoking the state-secrets
privilege. I, therefore, join only Part IV of the Court's opin-
ion.
I
Abu Zubaydah is a terrorist. Before his detention, he was
an al Qaeda-associated senior operative engaged in active
hostilities against the United States. See generally Factual
Return for Abu Zubaydah (ISN 10016), pp. 1 -- 44, in Husayn
v. Austin, No. 08 -- cv -- 1360 (DDC), ECF Doc. 474 -- 1, pp. 24 -- 
67 (Factual Return). Between 1994 and 2000, Zubaydah
was the "key facilitator" for the "Khaldan camp," a terrorist
training center in eastern Afghanistan. Id., at 14, ¶33; see
also Barhoumi v. Obama, 609 F. 3d 416, 425 (CADC 2010);
National Commission on Terrorist Attacks upon the United
States, The 9/11 Commission Report, pp. 59, 175 (2004)
(9/11 Report). Among other responsibilities, Zubaydah se-
cured forged passports and visas for terrorist trainees, pro-
vided safe harbor for the trainees at a "guesthouse," and
managed the training camp's expenses. Factual Return 14,
¶33; see also 9/11 Report 169, 178. Numerous Khaldan-
trained terrorists committed acts of terrorism against the
United States, including Khalid al-Mihdhar, the al Qaeda
hijacker who crashed American Airlines Flight 77 into the
Pentagon on September 11, 2001. Factual Return 18, ¶41a;
see also 9/11 Report 73 (noting evidence that suggested the
1993 World Trade Center bombing "plot or plots were
hatched at or near the Khaldan camp").
After the September 11 attacks, Zubaydah "joined enemy
forces against the United States," "facilitated the retreat
and escape of enemy forces out of Afghanistan," and contin-
ued "plotting attacks against the United States." Factual
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Return 11, ¶28. From sites in Afghanistan and Pakistan,
Zubaydah commanded a terrorist militia closely associated
with al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden. See id., at 25 -- 32,
¶¶49 -- 62; Ali v. Obama, 736 F. 3d 542, 546 -- 548 (CADC
2013) (Kavanaugh, J.). Zubaydah had his followers trained
in English, electronics, and explosives. See Factual Return
40 -- 41, ¶¶67 -- 68. He planned to wage war against the
United States by planting remotely operated bombs in var-
ious public locations. See id., at 43, ¶73. In his diary,
Zubaydah reflected that it would be "a lot better" to carry
out a nuclear attack if a nuclear weapon ever became "avail-
able." Id., at 44, ¶73 (emphasis deleted). Zubaydah wanted
"[a] general war, non stop and without mercy." Ibid.
On March 28, 2002, U. S. and allied forces captured
Zubaydah at his safe house in Faisalabad, Pakistan. Id., at
32, ¶63; Ali, 736 F. 3d, at 543. Zubaydah "used the Faisal-
abad house to prepare for attacks on U. S. and Coalition
forces using remote-detonated explosives." Id., at 546 -- 547.
After his capture, the CIA transferred Zubaydah to several
detention sites abroad before detaining him at Guantánamo
Bay Naval Base, where he remains today. Between March
2002 and September 2006, CIA interrogation of Zubaydah
yielded 766 disseminated intelligence reports. S. Rep.
No. 113 -- 288, p. 46 (2014). "Zubaydah provided information
on al-Qa'ida activities, plans, capabilities, and relation-
ships, in addition to information on its leadership structure,
including personalities, decision-making processes, train-
ing, and tactics." Ibid..
In this case, Zubaydah seeks discovery under 28 U. S. C.
from two former CIA contractors, James Mitchell and
John Jessen. Zubaydah does not request this discovery for
his own use. Rather, Polish prosecutors asked Zubaydah to
file a discovery application after the United States repeat-
edly declined the prosecutors' requests for information re-
garding CIA operations at an alleged detention site in Po-
land. See ante, at 4 -- 5; Husayn v. Mitchell, 965 F. 3d 775,
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

782 (CA9 2020) (Bress, J., dissenting from denial of rehear-
ing en banc). Zubaydah claims to have been detained and
tortured at that site, and Polish authorities are investigat-
ing those allegations. The United States now moves to
quash Zubaydah's application by invoking the state-
secrets privilege, citing national-security interests.
II
A
In Reynolds, this Court held that the Government may
invoke the state-secrets privilege whenever "there is a rea-
sonable danger that compulsion of the evidence will expose
military matters which, in the interest of national security,
should not be divulged." 345 U. S., at 10. Upon the Gov-
ernment's "formal claim of privilege," "[t]he court itself
must determine whether the circumstances are appropriate
for the claim of privilege, and yet do so without forcing a
disclosure of the very thing the privilege is designed to pro-
tect." Id., at 7 -- 8 (footnote omitted).
Reynolds prescribed a two-step framework instructing
courts "how far [they] should probe in satisfying [them-
selves] that the occasion for invoking the privilege is appro-
priate." Id., at 11. First, courts must assess the requesting
party's need for the Government's privileged material. If
the party's need is "dubious," a formal claim of privilege
"will have to prevail" without judicial inquiry into the basis
for the Government's claim. Ibid. A party has a dubious
need unless it can show that the proposed discovery is "im-
mediately and essentially applicable" to the party's case.
United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas. 30, 37 (No. 14,692d) (CC
Va. 1807) (Marshall, C. J.). For example, a "dubious show-
ing of necessity" arises if a party has an "available alterna-
tive" to privileged material that might "giv[e him] the evi-
dence to make out [his] case without forcing a showdown on
the claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. Like-
wise, a party's need is dubious if it is "possible... to adduce
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

the essential facts... without resort to material touching
upon military secrets." Ibid.
Second, if a party has made a "strong showing of neces-
sity," immediate dismissal of the discovery request is not
required. Ibid. The court may then ask whether there is a
"reasonable danger" that "military secrets are at stake."
Id., at 10 -- 11. When answering that question, in camera
review is not "automati[c]," id., at 10, but rather "a last re-
sort," Larson v. Department of State, 565 F. 3d 857, 870
(CADC 2009). And, in
all cases, the court must afford the "utmost deference" to
the Executive's assessment of national-security threats.
Egan, 484 U. S., at 530.1
Such deference is required because it is the responsibility
of the Executive, "not that of the judiciary, to weigh the va-
riety of complex and subtle factors in determining whether
disclosure of information may lead to an unacceptable risk
of compromising" the Nation's safety. CIA v. Sims, (1985). Ultimately, if the court is "satisfied

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 JUSTICE BREYER suggests that case law under the Freedom of Infor-

mation Act (FOIA) might provide a "roughly analogous" framework for
courts to assess the Government's claim of state-secrets privilege. Ante,
at 13 (plurality opinion). Yet, at the same time, JUSTICE BREYER admits
that the analogy is "imperfect," and stresses that "nothing in [his] opin-
ion should be taken to suggest" that FOIA law is "directly" relevant. Ibid.
No party has proposed a FOIA approach to state secrets, presumably be-
cause the statute has no apparent connection to the state-secrets privi-
lege. Like the parties, I do not think that FOIA is relevant in this con-
text. This Court has held that FOIA's "basic purpose" is to "open agency
action to the light of public scrutiny," regardless of the "particular pur-
pose for which the document is being requested." Department of Justice
v. Reporters Comm. for Freedom of Press, (1989) (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). That "basic purpose" is antithetical to
the state-secrets privilege, which exists to protect "military matters
[that] should not be divulged," even when a party demonstrates "the most
compelling necessity." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10, 11. Thus, FOIA favors
disclosure regardless of a party's need, while the state-secrets privilege
mandates secrecy even if need is at its zenith.
6 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

that military secrets are at stake," "even the most compel-
ling necessity cannot overcome the claim of privilege."
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11; see also Trump v. Vance, 591
U. S. ___, ___ (2020) (THOMAS, J., dissenting).
Reynolds itself involved only a "dubious" need for privi-
leged material. The plaintiffs were widows of three civil-
ians who died when a military flight "testing secret elec-
tronic equipment" crashed. 345 U. S., at 3. The plaintiffs
filed suit under the Federal Tort Claims Act, 28 U. S. C.
et seq., and the Government invoked the state-secrets
privilege to withhold the Air Force's accident investigation
report and related materials. See 345 U. S., at 3 -- 4. The
Court sustained the privilege because the plaintiffs "posed
the privilege question for decision with the formal claim of
privilege set against a dubious showing of necessity." Id.,
at 11. Specifically, the plaintiffs had adduced "nothing to
suggest that the electronic equipment... had any causal
connection with the accident," making discovery into the
equipment unnecessary. Ibid. The Government also had
"offered to make the surviving crew members available for
examination," but the plaintiffs declined that invitation.
Ibid. For these reasons, and not because the Court inde-
pendently assessed whether "military secrets [were] at
stake," ibid., the Court found the plaintiffs' need "dubious"
and ordered the dismissal of their discovery request.
B
In this case, the Court inverts the Reynolds test so that
courts first ask whether the Government "has offered a
valid reason for invoking the privilege," and then ask
whether the requesting party has demonstrated sufficient
need for the discovery. Ante, at 12. Now, a court "turn[s]
to the issue of necessity" not to determine whether to eval-
uate the Government's reasons for invoking the state-
secrets privilege, but rather to ascertain "how deeply to
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

probe the details of, and basis for, the Government's privi-
lege claim." Ante, at 13.
Reynolds squarely forecloses the Court's reasons-first ap-
proach. Regardless of need, a claim of privilege must pre-
vail once the Government has given a "valid reason" to sup-
port it, because "even the most compelling necessity cannot
overcome the claim of privilege if the court is ultimately sat-
isfied that military secrets are at stake." Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 11. The Court offers no explanation how a court
might discern a "valid reason" to invoke the state-secrets
privilege without also being "satisfied" that state secrets
are in issue. Here, to determine whether the Government
has offered a "valid reason," the Court even searched "the
evidentiary record" to ensure that "nothing... casts doubt
on [its] conclusion." Ante, at 12. Thus, to start by evaluat-
ing the Government's reasons for privilege, as the Court
does, leaves Reynolds' analysis of need with no role to play.
That result is flatly inconsistent with Reynolds, where the
Court did not evaluate the Government's reasons to support
its privilege claim, but instead ordered dismissal of the dis-
covery request in light of the plaintiffs' "dubious showing of
necessity." 345 U. S., at 11. In upending Reynolds' test, the
Court fails to grapple with or even discuss Reynolds' analy-
sis.
Unfortunately, by invoking need as Reynolds' second
step, with a cryptic instruction to "probe" the Government's
reasons yet more "deeply," ante, at 13, the Court twice puts
the Nation's security at risk. First, any judicial inquiry
more searching than the Court's analysis here likely will
lead to in camera review whenever the requesting party
demonstrates adequate need. Because the Court already
dissects the CIA Director's declaration, see ante, at 10 -- 11,
it is unclear how else the Government could support its
privilege claim other than by disclosing evidence in camera.
But making in camera review turn on the party's need im-
properly prescribes "automati[c]... disclosure to the judge"
8 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

in the narrow but important class of cases for which the
moving party demonstrates adequate need. Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 10. Such an approach also ignores that "examina-
tion of the evidence... by the judge alone" "jeopardize[s]
the security which the privilege is meant to protect." Ibid.
While the Executive can control its subordinates' access to
state secrets and enforce penalties if such material is mis-
handled, it has little control once state secrets fall into the
Judiciary's hands. Disclosure to a judge, therefore, poses a
very real national-security threat. The plurality's cavalier
statement that "sometimes" in camera review is warranted
fails even to acknowledge that risk. Ante, at 15.
Second, the Court's inverted Reynolds test undermines
the "utmost deference" owed to the Executive's national-
security judgments. Egan, 484 U. S., at 530 (internal quo-
tation marks omitted). While the Court purports to apply
that standard in this case, see ante, at 8, it then instructs
courts to "probe" more "deeply" the "basis for... the Gov-
ernment's privilege claim" when need is established, ante,
at 13. This will inevitably result in "judicial second-
guessing" of core national-security determinations, "de-
feat[ing] the unity, secrecy, and dispatch that the Founders
believed to be so important" to the Executive Branch.
Hamdi v. Rumsfeld, (2004) (THOMAS, J.,
dissenting); see also The Federalist No. 64, pp. 392 -- 393 (C.
Rossiter ed. 1961) (because "perfect secrecy [is] sometimes
requisite" in international affairs, the President must be
"able to manage the business of intelligence in such manner
as prudence may suggest").
C
JUSTICE KAVANAUGH joins the Court's opinion but would
reframe its test. Rather than invert Reynolds' two-step ap-
proach, he maintains that the Government's assertion of
privilege should prompt a "threshold judicial inquiry" in
which a court asks whether "the 'circumstances indicat[e] a
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

reasonable possibility' that state secrets are involved."
Post, at 1 (opinion concurring in part). JUSTICE KAVANAUGH fails to describe
what this analysis entails, other than to characterize it as
"not demanding" and the result as "typically self-evident."
Post, at 1. But his Reynolds step 0 cannot be meaningfully
different from the Court's upfront demand for reason giv-
ing. He concedes that this is a case of " 'dubious' need," post,
at 1, so he cannot think
that the Court properly applies Reynolds' second step. He
also joins the Court's analysis in relevant part, which indi-
cates that his "threshold judicial inquiry" includes both the
Court's searching evaluation of the CIA Director's declara-
tion and its review of the record to ensure that nothing
"casts doubt" on the Director's explanation. See ante, at 12
(majority opinion). In short, JUSTICE KAVANAUGH's tripar-
tite test must likewise require plenary (though deferential)
review at the "threshold," with more exacting review (some-
times including in camera review) as the party's need
grows.
To be sure, Reynolds acknowledged that the Government
raised the state-secrets privilege "under circumstances in-
dicating a reasonable possibility that military secrets were
involved." 345 U. S., at 10 -- 11. JUSTICE KAVANAUGH relies
on that language to create Reynolds step 0. See post, at 1
(opinion concurring in part). But Reynolds did not envision
the threshold reason-giving requirement that JUSTICE
KAVANAUGH proposes and the Court now applies. Instead,
in discussing the "circumstances," Reynolds merely charac-
terized the facts of the case: There was "a reasonable possi-
bility that military secrets were involved" because the case
involved "a military plane which had gone aloft to test se-
cret electronic equipment." 345 U. S., at 10 -- 11. It did not
require a "threshold judicial inquiry" to make that observa-
tion. Nor does it require any meaningful "inquiry" to ob-
10 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

serve that this case involves an alleged clandestine deten-
tion site. Again, Reynolds' only "threshold inquiry" was to
assess the plaintiffs' need for the Government's privileged
material. That is why the Court decided that the Govern-
ment's claim of privilege "cut off further demand for the doc-
uments on the showing of necessity" without assessing the
validity of the Government's reasons. Id., at 11. The Court
and JUSTICE KAVANAUGH's reasons-first, need-later ap-
proach has no basis in our case law.
D
Finally, JUSTICE GORSUCH would dispense with Reynolds
and instruct judges to evaluate de novo the Government's
invocation of the state-secrets privilege. He does not say
"de novo," but his analysis makes the point clear. He sum-
marily dismisses the CIA Director's 15-page declaration as
a "conclusory assertion," post, at 23 (dissenting opinion),
proposes that courts "often should" review state secrets in
camera, post, at 18, and then suggests that courts "inde-
pendently" evaluate that privileged information, post, at 15.
This approach finds no support in Reynolds, Egan, or re-
lated cases, see Part II -- A, supra, as JUSTICE GORSUCH ef-
fectively concedes. He rejects Egan, see, e.g., post, at 17,
and he criticizes Reynolds for accepting the Government's
claim of privilege "at face value" "without even pausing to
review" the privileged information, post, at 15. True, quot-
ing Reynolds, JUSTICE GORSUCH indicates that courts
should ask whether discovery would present a " 'reasonable
danger' " to national security. Post, at 17. But the question remains: in whose judgment? His
answer is clear: our "independent judgment." Post, at 17.
JUSTICE GORSUCH offers three arguments to support
de novo judicial review of a state-secrets claim, none of
which has merit. First, he asserts that "courts generally
must respect... the ancient rule that the public enjoys a
right to 'every man's evidence.' " Post, at 11 11

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Wigmore, Evidence in Trials at Common Law,
p. 2965 (1905)). But whatever "right" there may be to civil
discovery generally,2 there is no "right" to state secrets spe-
cifically. As Wigmore explained, when any of "the various
privileges" applies, the obligation to produce evidence is
"not insisted upon." Id., at 2967. The state-secrets privi-
lege, of course, is "a privilege which is well established in
the law of evidence." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 6 -- 7; see also
Totten v. United States, (1876); Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 37. Thus, to assert a "right" to discovery proves
nothing, because the formal claim of the state-secrets priv-
ilege overrides it here.
Second, JUSTICE GORSUCH posits that "[b]ecause Con-
gress has expressly authorized the Judiciary to entertain
this suit" by enacting, "it follows that we may not re-
flexively defer to the Executive's wish to see it dismissed."
Post, at 12,. But that argument "omits an important
caveat found in the same [provision]" on which JUSTICE
GORSUCH relies. Ibid. Section 1782(a) provides: "A person
may not be compelled to give his testimony or statement or
to produce a document or other thing in violation of any le-
gally applicable privilege." Thus, far from inviting de novo
review, Congress instructed federal courts to apply all priv-
ileges -- including the state-secrets privilege -- with full

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 But see, e.g., 4 St. George Tucker, Blackstone's Commentaries 381 -- 

382 (1803) (discussing limits on discovery at common law, including the
lack of "complete discovery by the oath of the parties"; "a compulsive
power for the production of books and papers belonging to the parties";
and "powe[r] to examine witnesses abroad"); E. Sunderland, Scope and
Method of Discovery Before Trial, 42 Yale L. J. 863, 866 -- 867 (1933) (dis-
cussing limits on discovery in equity); S. Subrin, Fishing Expeditions Al-
lowed: The Historical Background of the 1938 Federal Discovery Rules,
39 Boston College L. Rev. 691, 694 (1998) ("Historically, discovery [was]
extremely limited in both England and the United States"); id., at 695
(at common law, "a party could neither take the stand nor force the op-
posing party to do so").
12 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

force. Invoking merely presents anew the question
in this case: what does the state-secrets privilege require.3
Third, JUSTICE GORSUCH invokes Chief Justice Mar-
shall's two opinions in the Burr prosecution, but both cut
decisively against him. In 1807, the Federal Government
prosecuted Aaron Burr, the former Vice President, for trea-
son and, later, misdemeanor incitement. Vance, 591 U. S.,
at ___, ___ (, 7). Burr moved for a subpoena
duces tecum ordering President Jefferson to produce a let-
ter from General James Wilkinson, Burr's principal ac-
cuser. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 5). Chief Justice Mar-
shall explained that it "d[id] not... appear to the court that
the president d[id] object to the production of any part
of [Wilkinson's] letter." United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas.
187, 192 (No. 14,694) (CC Va. 1807); see also Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 31, 37. But "[h]ad the president" done so and
"subjected [the letter] to certain restrictions, and stated
that in his judgment the public interest required certain
parts of it to be kept secret," Chief Justice Marshall assured
that "all proper respect would have been paid" to the Presi-
dent's invocation of privilege. Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 192.
JUSTICE GORSUCH nonetheless reasons that it would not
have been enough, to defeat the subpoena, for President
Jefferson to have objected on state-secrets grounds. Chief
Justice Marshall supposedly would have required the Pres-
ident to " 'state the particular reasons' " for withholding the
Wilkinson letter, and the court then could have "decide[d]
for itself whether to sustain a claim of privilege." Post, at
12. JUSTICE GORSUCH's
argument by selective quotation is incorrect. Chief Justice
Marshall explained that "on objections being made by the
president to the production of a paper, the court would not
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 JUSTICE GORSUCH eventually recognizes that neither the supposed

"duty to produce every man's evidence" nor actually supports his
position. Post, at 17,. He concedes that both sources simply present
"the question when the state secrets privilege applies." Ibid.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

proceed further in the case without such an affidavit as
would clearly sh[o]w the paper to be essential to the justice
of the case." Id., at 192 ; see also Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 37 ("If it does contain any matter which... it is
not the wish of the executive to disclose, such matter, if it
be not immediately and essentially applicable to the point,
will, of course, be suppressed"). That analysis tracks Reyn-
olds' first step: The Government invokes the state-secrets
privilege, and the privilege will prevail unless the request-
ing party makes the requisite showing of need. Thus,
JUSTICE GORSUCH is simply incorrect that "Chief Justice
Marshall nowhere suggested that the state secrets privilege
should apply in this country without... a statement" of
reasons to support the privilege. Post, at 13,.
JUSTICE GORSUCH further errs in asserting that a review-
ing court must demand a statement of reasons and then
"decide for itself " whether those reasons are adequate.
Post, at 12. Quite the opposite: Chief Justice Marshall ex-
plained that "[t]he president may," not must, "state the par-
ticular reasons" for his claim of privilege, and that the court
will "unquestionably allow... full force to those reasons,"
25 F. Cas., at 192, not "decide for itself "
whether they pass muster, post, at 12. That analysis fol-
lows Reynolds' second step: If there is adequate need, the
Government may explain the basis for privilege and the
court affords "utmost deference" or "full force" to those rea-
sons. The reality of Burr, then, is the opposite of what
JUSTICE GORSUCH proposes.
Ultimately, JUSTICE GORSUCH's animating concern is
that judicial deference to the Executive's national-security
judgments risks collapsing "the many points of difference"
between our Chief Executive and the 18th-century British
monarch. Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 34. Not so. This Court's
standard of utmost deference bears little relation to "the
privilege the English crown enjoyed." Post, at 13. In con-
trasting the American Executive and the British monarch,
14 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Chief Justice Marshall explained that only a king could not
be made "to appear under the process of the court," and
therefore he alone could object even to the issuance of a sub-
poena. Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 34. The President, meanwhile,
must move to quash a subpoena rather than object to "its
being issued," and then he may invoke "the law of evidence"
as grounds "for not obeying the process of the court." Ibid.
That is precisely how the Executive Branch proceeded here.
After the District Court first granted Zubaydah's discovery
application, the Government moved to quash it in light of
the state-secrets privilege. See ante, at 5 -- 6. To eviscerate
that privilege, as JUSTICE GORSUCH proposes, would not
protect the Nation from monarchy. Rather, it would con-
travene the "constitutional directive" that the Executive
has "primary responsibility -- along with the necessary
power -- to protect the national security." Zivotofsky v.
Kerry, (2015) (THOMAS, J., concurring in
judgment in part and dissenting in part).
III
While the Court recognizes that Zubaydah's need for dis-
covery from Mitchell and Jessen is "not great," ante, at 15;
see also ante, at 16 (plurality opinion), it refuses to dismiss
Zubaydah's discovery application in light of his "dubious
showing of necessity," Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. Instead,
as explained above, the Court begins at Reynolds' second
step and concludes that the Government "has provided a
reasonable explanation" why Zubaydah's proposed discov-
ery "could significantly harm national security interests."
Ante, at 10.4 I agree that the Government has offered, at

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Elsewhere, JUSTICE BREYER notes that the "Polish government has

also never confirmed whether it cooperated with the CIA," and he there-
fore declines to decide "what significance, if any, that disclosure would
have." Ante, at 14 (plurality opinion). Any such disclosure plainly would
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

the very least, a "reasonable explanation" to support its
claim of state secrets, but I would dismiss Zubaydah's dis-
covery application at Reynolds' first step.5 For at least
three reasons, Zubaydah has failed to prove any nontrivial
need for his requested discovery.
First, Zubaydah will not use the requested discovery "in
a case" that can offer him any meaningful relief. Reynolds,
345 U. S., at 9. While even the plaintiffs in Reynolds sought
to exercise a federal right that potentially entitled them to
damages, Zubaydah, by contrast, does not assert any fed-
eral right to relief. He does not allege, for example, that the
proposed discovery would support his release from federal
custody. Nor could he, as "the sought discovery will be
shipped overseas for the benefit of another country's judi-
cial system, and at that point, totally out of control of a do-
mestic court." 965 F. 3d, at 792 (opinion of Bress, J.) (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). Instead, Zubaydah requests
discovery on behalf of foreign authorities to help them pros-
ecute foreign nationals who allegedly committed crimes in
a foreign country. At least for purposes of the state-secrets
privilege, Zubaydah has no cognizable "need" to serve as a
conduit for foreign discovery. This Court has never held
that an individual's desire to litigate a foreign case, let
alone his desire merely to assist in the litigation of someone
else's foreign case, establishes any need under Reynolds, du-
bious or otherwise.
Second, Zubaydah has failed to pursue "an available al-
ternative" that "might have given [him] the evidence to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
have no significance. The state-secrets privilege "belongs to the Govern-
ment" -- that is, our Government -- alone. United States v. Reynolds, (1953).
5 I agree that dismissal is the appropriate disposition because "the

privilege blocks Zubaydah's discovery requests, which are the proceed-
ing's sole object." Ante, at 17 (plurality opinion). But even in ordinary
litigation, dismissal of the action is required whenever the case cannot
be fairly litigated without the disclosure of state secrets. See Totten v.
United States, (1876).
16 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

make out [his] case without forcing a showdown on the
claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. Before this
Court, Zubaydah recognizes that his testimony as an al-
leged "survivor" of CIA interrogation could substitute for
discovery from Mitchell and Jessen. Brief for Respondents
40. After all, what the Polish authorities supposedly "need
to know is what happened inside Abu Zubaydah's cell be-
tween December 2002 and September 2003." Tr. of Oral
Arg. 41. While Zubaydah complains that the Government
holds him "incommunicado," he also admits that his attor-
neys may communicate on his behalf with the Govern-
ment's "pre-clearance." Brief for Respondents 40. At oral
argument, the Government confirmed that Zubaydah has
never asked to offer testimony under this preclearance pro-
cedure, see Tr. of Oral Arg. 73, and the Government has
since confirmed that the preclearance procedure remains
available, see Letter Brief for United States 3. Faced with
that confirmation, Zubaydah now concedes that "it is at
least theoretically possible" that the preclearance process
"will lead to a declaration that can assist the Polish prose-
cutor." Letter Brief for Respondents 2. He even asks that
we hold his case in abeyance until he can prepare a decla-
ration. See ibid. But that request comes too late.
Zubaydah's "failure to pursue" an "available alternative"
before demanding state secrets betrays "a dubious showing
of necessity" that cannot overcome the Government's "for-
mal claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11.
Third, on Zubaydah's own telling, it is "possible... to ad-
duce the essential facts... without resort to material
touching upon military secrets." Ibid. At oral argument,
Zubaydah's counsel clarified that Zubaydah does not need
evidence about Poland specifically and seeks discovery only
regarding the conditions of his confinement while in CIA
custody. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41. Of course, that discovery
would still tend to confirm or deny the existence of a deten-
tion site in Poland. See ante, at 17 (plurality opinion). But,
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 17

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

regardless, discovery is not warranted because Zubaydah
effectively disclaims any need for such evidence. In his
brief, Zubaydah claims already to have "abundant evi-
dence" of his "detention and torture on Polish soil." Brief
for Respondents 11. Similarly, at argument, Zubaydah's
counsel represented that Polish authorities have "inter-
viewed 62 people" and "amassed 43 volumes of documents."
Tr. of Oral Arg. 44. His counsel further explained: "We're
simply trying to supplement information" the Polish prose-
cutor "already has." Id., at 66. In light of these admissions,
it is clear that Zubaydah has already "adduce[d] the essen-
tial facts" that he believes are necessary to support the
Polish prosecution. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. His desire
"simply... to supplement" a foreign investigation, Tr. of
Oral Arg. 66, cannot establish the "immediat[e] and essen-
tia[l]" need required to overcome the Government's formal
invocation of the state-secrets privilege, Burr, 25 F. Cas., at
37.
* * *
I would hold that Abu Zubaydah has demonstrated only
"a dubious showing of necessity" for the discovery he seeks
in this case. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. For that reason
alone, dismissal of Zubaydah's discovery application is re-
quired. I, therefore, join only Part IV of the Court's opinion.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in part

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, with whom JUSTICE BARRETT
joins, concurring in part.
I join all but Part II -- B -- 2 of the Court's opinion. I add
this brief concurrence simply to be clear about my under-
standing of how the "formula of compromise" articulated in
Reynolds works in practice. United States v. Reynolds, (1953).
For the state secrets privilege to apply, the relevant gov-
ernment agency head must first assert the privilege. The
court must then determine that the "circumstances in-
dicat[e] a reasonable possibility" that state secrets are in-
volved. Id., at 11. That threshold judicial inquiry is not
demanding because, as our precedent and this case illus-
trate, those circumstances are typically self-evident when
the Executive Branch asserts the state secrets privilege.
See, e.g., id., at 10; Totten v. United States, -- 107 (1876).
At that point, the court must accept the Executive
Branch's assertion of privilege without further inquiry if
the requester has shown only a "dubious" need for the re-
quested information. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. In many
state secrets disputes, the case ends there -- again, this case
proves the point. See Part III, ante. If the requester has
demonstrated a "strong" need for the information, the court
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in part

may under certain circumstances review the requested doc-
uments in camera to confirm that the information falls
within the privilege. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10−11. To be
clear, however, even if the requester has a strong need, a
court should nonetheless not demand to examine the evi-
dence -- even "alone, in chambers" -- if the Government can
"satisfy the court, from all the circumstances of the case,
that there is a reasonable danger that compulsion of the ev-
idence will expose military matters which, in the interest of
national security, should not be divulged." Id., at 10; see
also id., at 11, (noting that in Totten, "[t]he action was
dismissed on the pleadings" because "it was so obvious" that
"the very subject matter of the action, a contract to perform
espionage, was a matter of state secret").
In all events, once the court determines that the re-
quested information falls within the state secrets privilege,
"even the most compelling necessity" cannot overcome the
privilege. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11; see also Totten,. The privilege is absolute, not qualified.
In state secrets cases, a court's review from start to finish
must be deferential to the Executive Branch. As this Court
has long explained, the courts "have traditionally shown
the utmost deference to Presidential responsibilities" in
cases involving "military or diplomatic secrets," United
States v. Nixon, (1974), and "have been
reluctant to intrude upon the authority of the Executive in
military and national security affairs," Department of Navy
v. Egan, (1988).
With that understanding of Reynolds, I join all but Part
II -- B -- 2 of the Court's opinion.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE KAGAN, concurring in part and dissenting in
part.
Both sides have substantial interests in this case -- the
Government in safeguarding its relationships with foreign
intelligence partners; Abu Zubaydah in obtaining infor-
mation needed to right past wrongs. Sometimes, interests
of that kind are wholly irreconcilable, and the state secrets
privilege may then put an end to the suit. But that is not
so here. The Government's national-security concerns all
relate to confirming the location of detention sites.
Zubaydah requests evidence of a broader scope, concerning
not just where he was detained, but also what happened
there. The District Court, using established methods, can
segregate the two kinds of evidence -- protecting classified
information about location while giving Zubaydah access to
unclassified information about detention conditions and in-
terrogation methods. I would remand the case to allow that
process to go forward. So although I join the Court in much
of its analysis, I respectfully dissent from its decision to dis-
miss this suit.
Start with where I join the Court: I agree the Government
has met its burden of showing that testimony by former CIA
contractors confirming the location of Zubaydah's detention
would pose a "reasonable danger" of harm to national secu-
rity. United States v. Reynolds, (1953); see
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

ante, at 10 -- 15. That is true for two reasons. First, testi-
mony of that kind would remove whatever "element of
doubt" exists about the accuracy of public reporting on the
detention site's location, potentially undermining other CIA
activities in that country. App. to Pet. for Cert. 135a (Decl.
of Michael Pompeo, Director, CIA). Second (and possibly
more important here), official confirmation would conflict
with commitments the Government has made to foreign in-
telligence services to never disclose clandestine relation-
ships -- even as "time passes" and "new political parties or
officials come to power" or "media leaks occur." Id., at 136a.
Standing by those commitments, the Government credibly
states, is "critical" to preserving current intelligence part-
nerships and establishing new ones. Id., at 132a; see id., at
136a; ante, at 10 -- 12. Those concerns explain why the Gov-
ernment has refused, across three Presidential administra-
tions, to confirm or deny reports about the foreign countries
involved in the CIA's "former detention and interrogation
program." App. to Pet. for Cert. 133a; see Tr. of Oral Arg.
25. The Court is right to respect that decision, and thus to
deny Zubaydah's request for the location of his detention.
But that does not mean, as the Court insists, that we
should dismiss Zubaydah's suit. From the beginning of this
litigation, Zubaydah has distinguished between the
"where" and the "what" -- the location of the detention site
at issue and the treatment he received there. See, e.g., App.
to Pet. for Cert. 42a (District Court Order). And in this
Court, his attorney made clear that Zubaydah's primary in-
terest is in obtaining information on the latter subject. He
wants the CIA contractors to testify about "what happened
inside [his] cell" during a particular 10-month period, irre-
spective of where that cell may have been. Tr. of Oral Arg.
41; see ibid. ("I'm not planning to ask did it happen in Po-
land.... I want to ask simple questions like, how was Abu
Zubaydah fed? What was his medical condition? What was
his cell like? And, yes, was he tortured?"). For its part, the
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

Government concedes that information about Zubaydah's
treatment is no longer classified: It is, on any understand-
ing, not a state secret. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 6 (explaining
that the Government in 2014 "decided to declassify" infor-
mation about "the treatment of detainees" like Zubaydah
"to facilitate public scrutiny of the United States' actions").
That creates the possibility of segregating the classified (lo-
cation) information from the unclassified (treatment) infor-
mation and allowing discovery into the latter.
That kind of segregation has happened before, showing
what could be done in this case. In 2014, the Senate Select
Committee on Intelligence released a nearly 700-page Re-
port, describing the CIA's torture of various detainees -- all
while using code words like "Detention Site Green" and "De-
tention Site Blue" to designate particular facilities. See S.
Rep. No. 113 -- 288 (2014) (Senate Report). More recently,
the CIA permitted its former contractors to testify, in civil
litigation and Military Commission hearings, about their
use of "enhanced interrogation techniques" on detainees -- 
again without disclosing any locations. See, e.g., Stipula-
tion Regarding Discovery in Salim v. Mitchell, No. 2:15 -- cv -- 
286 (ED Wash.), ECF Doc. 47, pp. 5, 7 -- 8. Both the Senate
Report and the contractors' testimony discuss Zubaydah,
explaining how he was tortured at the first facility he was
brought to (whose location has also been identified in public
reporting). See, e.g., Senate Report, at 17 -- 48, 231, n. 1316
(describing, among other interrogation methods, more than
80 waterboardings); see also post, at 4 -- 5 (GORSUCH, J., dis-
senting). But neither source details what happened to
Zubaydah at the site here in question, the second facility at
which he was detained. What Zubaydah now mainly wants
is to fill that gap. He is requesting the same information
about the second facility as he already has about the first:
the contractors' testimony about the treatment he received
there, scrubbed of any reference to where it occurred. So
the procedures that worked before -- to protect the classified
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

while disclosing the unclassified -- can work again. And this
case can go forward on that basis.
The Court offers no satisfactory explanation for rejecting
that approach. It says that segregation cannot succeed be-
cause of "the specific language of Zubaydah's discovery re-
quests" -- twelve of which "contain the word 'Poland' or
'Polish.' " Ante, at 9; see ante, at 16 -- 17. That is fair enough,
so far as it goes: Responses to the requests as currently
written would, as the Court says, "either confirm or deny"
that Poland hosted a CIA-operated detention site. Ante, at
9. But a problem of phrasing can be solved by rephrasing.
Zubaydah has long made clear -- not just in this Court but
also below -- that he would modify his requests if that would
make a difference. See, e.g., Tr. of Oral Arg. 41 -- 44, 49 -- 50;
App. to Pet. for Cert. 42a. All that now needs to happen is
for this Court to say that it would. Then Zubaydah would
excise any country name from his discovery requests; and
the contractors would answer those requests as they previ-
ously have done -- by describing his treatment at a deten-
tion site, without divulging where that site was. Even the
Court admits that possibility, though in a backhanded way.
The Court says it "do[es] not here decide whether"
Zubaydah could obtain location-cleansed testimony by fil-
ing a new suit containing narrowed discovery requests.
Ante, at 17. But the question of segregation can be decided
now, and in this suit, rather than by sending Zubaydah
back to square one. See also post, at 29 -- 30 (GORSUCH, J.,
dissenting). I would allow Zubaydah to amend his requests
to remove all Poland-specific references, so that he can ob-
tain testimony about his detention -- in whatever country it
took place.
In short, the holding that national-security risks attach
to confirming the location of Zubaydah's detention -- with
which I agree -- should not end this case. A court can segre-
gate that classified information from unclassified material
about the nature of Zubaydah's detention. I would remand
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

the case for that to occur, thus protecting not only the
United States's security interests but also Zubaydah's in-
terest in forcing disclosure of government abuse.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR
joins, dissenting.
There comes a point where we should not be ignorant as
judges of what we know to be true as citizens. See Watts v.
Indiana, (1949). This case takes us well
past that point. Zubaydah seeks information about his tor-
ture at the hands of the CIA. The events in question took
place two decades ago. They have long been declassified.
Official reports have been published, books written, and
movies made about them. Still, the government seeks to
have this suit dismissed on the ground it implicates a state
secret -- and today the Court acquiesces in that request.
Ending this suit may shield the government from some fur-
ther modest measure of embarrassment. But respectfully,
we should not pretend it will safeguard any secret.
I
A
Start with what the government itself has said about
Zubaydah. In 2014, a Select Committee of the United
States Senate published a 683-page report about the CIA's
detention and interrogation practices. The report did not
focus on Zubaydah alone, but it included certain details
about his treatment, including the following. After his cap-
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

ture in Pakistan in March 2002, the government trans-
ported him to a "black site" known as Detention Site Green.
See S. Rep. No. 113 -- 288, pp. 21 -- 23 (2014) (Senate Report). 1
At that time, CIA officials thought Zubaydah might have
been the "third or fourth man" in al Qaeda and withholding
information about the September 11 attacks and potential
future assaults. Id., at 410 -- 411.
In an effort to extract that information, the CIA hired two
contractors, James Mitchell and John Jessen, and author-
ized them to employ what it called "enhanced interrogation
techniques." Brief for United States 3. Mitchell and Jessen
worked "on a near 24-hour-per-day basis" starting August
4, 2002. Senate Report 40; see also id., at 35, 42. 2 They
waterboarded Zubaydah at least 80 times, simulated live
burials in coffins for hundreds of hours, and performed rec-
tal exams designed to establish "total control over the de-
tainee." Id., at 42 -- 43, 82, 231, n. 1316, 488, 495. Six days into his ordeal,
Zubaydah was sobbing, twitching, and hyperventilating.
Id., at 41, 43, 111 -- 112. During one waterboarding session,
Zubaydah became "completely unresponsive, with bubbles
rising through his open, full mouth." Id., at 43 -- 44. He became so compliant that he
would prepare for waterboarding at the snap of a finger.
Id., at 43.
By this point, Mitchell and Jessen concluded that it was
" 'highly unlikely' that Zubaydah possessed the information
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Although the government has not confirmed it, published reports

have placed Detention Site Green in Thailand. See, e.g., S. Bengali & C.
Megerian, The CIA Closed Its Original 'Black Site' Years Ago, L. A.
Times, Apr. 22, 2018, https://www.latimes.com/world/asia/la-fg-thailand-
cia-haspel-2018-htmlstory.html.
2 In the Senate Report, Mitchell and Jessen are code-named Swigert

and Dunbar. See, e.g., Senate Report 21. Mitchell and Jessen later ad-
mitted their roles in the CIA's enhanced interrogation program. See Hu-
sayn v. Mitchell, 938 F. 3d 1123, 1127, (CA9 2019).
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

they were seeking," and they sought to end the interroga-
tions. Id., at 42. It seems their assessment may have been
correct. Although Zubaydah's relationship with al Qaeda
remains the subject of debate today, the authors of the Sen-
ate Report found that the CIA's records "do not support" the
suggestion that he was involved in the September 11 at-
tacks. Id., at 410. At the time, however, CIA headquarters
was not yet persuaded by Mitchell's and Jessen's report. It
instructed the pair to continue their work. Id., at 43. Fol-
lowing these directions, Mitchell and Jessen carried on for
two more weeks until their superiors finally concluded that
Zubaydah "did not possess any new terrorist threat infor-
mation." Id., at 40, 45.
In December 2002, the government moved Zubaydah to
another black site, this one known as Detention Site Blue.
Id., at 67. After a stay there and, it seems, years of further
transfers among other black sites, Zubaydah was trans-
ferred to the government's detention center in Guantánamo
Bay in 2006. Brief for United States 2. More than 15 years
later, he remains there still. Ibid.
B
The Senate Report is only the start of what we know. As
far back as 2007, the Council of Europe issued a lengthy
report finding that the CIA held Zubaydah at a black site
in Poland after his capture. 3 In 2012, Aleksander Kwas-
niewski, the President of Poland from 1995 to 2005, told re-
porters that the CIA site was established "with [his]
knowledge." 4 In 2014, the European Court of Human
Rights found "beyond reasonable doubt" that Zubaydah was

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 See D. Marty, Secret Detentions and Illegal Transfers of Detainees

Involving Council of Europe Member States: Second Report, Council of
Europe Parliamentary Assembly Committee on Legal Affairs and Hu-
man Rights ¶¶ 70, 127 (2007).
4 Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v. Poland, no. 7511/13, ¶234, ECHR 2014.
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

detained in Poland from December 2002 until September
2003. 5 In support of its conclusion, the ECHR cited evi-
dence spanning over 100 pages, including declassified flight
records, Polish governmental records, and eyewitness testi-
mony. Many other public sources have likewise docu-
mented that Zubaydah was transported from Detention
Site Green to Detention Site Blue in Poland in December
2002 -- and that he remained there until September 2003. 6
We know even more from Mitchell and Jessen them-
selves. The pair have spoken and written extensively -- 
without governmental objection -- about their activities. In
2016, the CIA permitted Mitchell to publish a book. En-
hanced Interrogation is available on Amazon from $13.99,
where it is touted as "lift[ing] the curtain" on the CIA's in-
terrogation program, including "its methods, and its down-
fall." 7 In 2017, as part of a lawsuit brought by other former
CIA detainees, the government allowed Mitchell and Jessen
to testify how they conceived the idea of waterboarding de-
tainees, how they asked the CIA to discontinue the use of
enhanced interrogation techniques with Zubaydah, and
how headquarters refused. See Stipulation Regarding Dis-
covery in Salim v. Mitchell, No. 2:15 -- cv -- 286 (ED Wash.
2015), ECF Doc. 47; Brief for Respondents 7 -- 8. In 2020, the
pair testified with governmental permission once more, this
time in military commission hearings at Guantánamo Bay.
Over eight days, covering 2,000 pages of testimony, Mitch-
ell explained how Zubaydah was waterboarded and kept
awake for 126 consecutive hours, along with other details

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See id., ¶¶ 404 -- 529.
6 See, e.g., Brief for Bureau of Investigative Journalism et al. as Amici

Curiae 11 -- 43.
7 See J. Mitchell & B. Harlow, Enhanced Interrogation: Inside the

Minds and Motives of the Islamic Terrorists Trying To Destroy America
(online source archived at www.supremecourt.gov).
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

about the CIA's techniques. 8 Jessen provided similar testi-
mony. 9 In 2021, Mitchell even appeared in an HBO docu-
mentary about his activities and treatment of Zubaydah.
See The Forever Prisoner (2021).
C
Still, Zubaydah's story remains incomplete. While we
know that the CIA held Zubaydah at Detention Site Blue
from December 2002 until September 2003, and while we
know that the site was in Poland, what happened to him
there remains unclear. The Senate Report explains that he
was tortured immediately before that period, during his
time at Detention Site Green. Senate Report 208, n. 1207.
The Senate Report also recounts how Mitchell and Jessen
tortured other detainees at Detention Site Blue, including
details about how they waterboarded one detainee 183
times over two weeks. Id., at 65 -- 72, 77 -- 93, 101, 103, 268.
But, Zubaydah's lawyers tell us, the details of Zubaydah's
treatment during this singular period are not yet publicly
documented.
Today, Polish prosecutors are seeking to unravel that
part of the story and determine whether criminal charges
are appropriate in that country. Pursuant to 28 U. S. C., Zubaydah's attorneys filed this domestic lawsuit to
obtain discovery from Mitchell and Jessen to assist the
Polish investigation. Section 1782 allows suits of just this
kind: It provides that federal courts may order persons in
this country to give testimony or produce documents "for
use in a proceeding in a foreign or international tribunal,
including criminal investigations conducted before formal
accusation."

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 See Tr. in United States v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, pp. 30348 -- 

30349 (Jan. 21, 2020); id., at 30441 -- 30443, 30469 (Jan. 22, 2020 (morn-
ing)).
9 See, e.g., id., at 32450 -- 32467 (Jan. 31, 2020).
6 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Early in the litigation, Zubaydah's lawyers issued sub-
poenas to Mitchell and Jessen seeking their depositions and
the production of documents. See Appendix, ante, at 19 -- 20.
Essentially, the requests fell into three main categories.
Zubaydah's lawyers sought: (1) information to confirm that
Detention Site Blue was located in Poland; (2) details about
Zubaydah's interrogation, his treatment, and his conditions
of confinement; and (3) information about the involvement
of Polish officials.
The government filed a motion seeking to have the peti-
tion for discovery dismissed in its entirety. In support, the
government supplied a declaration from then-CIA Director
Mike Pompeo. The declaration conceded that "the en-
hanced interrogation techniques employed with respect to
specific detainees in the program, and their conditions of
confinement, are no longer classified." App. to Pet. for Cert.
143a; id., at 153a. At the same time, the declaration as-
serted that the location of Detention Site Blue remained a
state secret. And the declaration averred that soliciting in-
formation about the involvement of Polish nationals could
complicate national security. Ibid.
In response, Zubaydah's lawyers sought an accommoda-
tion. While they continued to pursue all of their requested
discovery, they also acknowledged the District Court's
power to modify or limit their discovery requests. Id., at
42a. And they stressed that "[v]aluable discovery may pro-
ceed without requiring [Mitchell and Jessen] to confirm ei-
ther the location of any particular site, or the cooperation of
any particular government." Ibid.. Zubaydah's lawyers noted, too, that the
government had previously allowed Mitchell and Jessen to
testify about their activities at other detention sites using
code names, and they offered to follow the same protocol
here. Ibid.
In the end, however, the District Court granted the gov-
ernment's motion to dismiss. In doing so, the court rejected
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the government's suggestion that its detention site in Po-
land remained a state secret. The court concluded the state
secrets privilege did not apply because of how much atten-
tion the site had received over the years and the govern-
ment's failure to explain how acknowledging the site would
cause further harm. Id., at 52a -- 53a, 59a. Still, the court
expressed concern that if Mitchell and Jessen exposed the
names of Polish officials and their roles at the site, it could
complicate national security in light of the government's
declaration. Id., at 59a.
On appeal, the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and re-
versed in part. With respect to the third category of infor-
mation Zubaydah sought, concerning the involvement of
Polish nationals, the Court of Appeals agreed with the Dis-
trict Court and the government. Discovery into "the identi-
ties and roles of foreign individuals involved with the de-
tention facility, operational details about the facility, and
any contracts made with Polish government officials or pri-
vate persons residing in Poland might implicate the CIA's
intelligence gathering efforts." Husayn v. Mitchell, 938
F. 3d 1123, 1134 (CA9 2019).
At the same time, the Ninth Circuit held that the District
Court erred by refusing discovery into the first and second
categories of information Zubaydah sought. With respect
to the first, the Court of Appeals pointed to the District
Court's finding that the CIA's detention facility in Poland
was widely known and did not qualify as a state secret.
Ibid. Given that finding, the Court of Appeals concluded,
Zubaydah was entitled to discovery about the site's location.
Ibid. With respect to the second category, the Court of Ap-
peals held that "information about the use of interrogation
techniques," "conditions of confinement," and the "details of
Abu Zubaydah's treatment" could be provided without risk
to any state secret. Ibid. The court stressed that Mitchell
and Jessen had already provided similar information about
Zubaydah's treatment at other locations in past cases using
8 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

code names; it saw no reason why the same course could not
be followed here. Id., at 1137. The Court of Appeals faulted
the District Court for failing to disaggregate or limit the
scope of Zubaydah's requests before dismissing them all.
Id., at 1136 -- 1137.
D
Dissatisfied with its partial victory before the Ninth Cir-
cuit, the government seeks further relief in this Court. But
as it comes to us, the parties' dispute is limited. Zubaydah
does not appeal the Ninth Circuit's decision. So while the
majority (repeatedly) emphasizes the breadth of his initial
discovery requests, ante, at 5, 9, that is beside the point. No
one argues that Zubaydah may pursue the third category of
information he initially sought -- including the identities
and roles of foreign individuals involved with the detention
facility.
Even when it comes to the two remaining categories of
information at issue -- the location of the government's de-
tention site and the CIA's treatment of Zubaydah there -- 
the parties' dispute has narrowed substantially. The Dis-
trict Court found that the site's location did not implicate a
state secret, and the Court of Appeals agreed. The govern-
ment asserts this decision was mistaken, while Zubaydah's
lawyers defend it. But, as they have throughout the litiga-
tion, Zubaydah's lawyers also offer an alternative. Before
the District Court, they stressed that "[v]aluable discovery"
could proceed into Zubaydah's interrogations, treatment,
and conditions of confinement without requiring Mitchell
and Jessen to confirm "the location of any particular site or
the cooperation" of foreign nationals. App. to Pet. for Cert.
42a. Before this Court,
they stress the same point. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41.
As it arrives before us, then, the central question in this
case concerns the request for information about "what hap-
pened inside Abu Zubaydah's cell between December 2002
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

and September 2003." Ibid. It is this information -- about
Zubaydah's interrogation, treatment, and conditions of con-
finement at the hands of the CIA -- that Zubaydah's lawyers
say they need most. Nor does anyone suggest this request
implicates a state secret. The government does not (and
cannot) claim that its custody of Zubaydah at a black site
remains a state secret: That much was declassified and
documented in the Senate Report years ago. See, e.g., Sen-
ate Report 67. The government has conceded, too, that the
interrogation techniques Mitchell and Jessen employed and
Zubaydah's conditions of confinement and treatment within
his cell during that period are "no longer classified." App.
to Pet. for Cert. 143a; id., at 153a. At a minimum,
Zubaydah's lawyers argue, all this means he should be al-
lowed discovery from Mitchell and Jessen about his inter-
rogations, treatment, and conditions of confinement from
December 2002 until September 2003, with safeguards to
protect against the disclosure of the site's location and the
involvement of foreign nationals.
This request is not a novel one. As Zubaydah's attorneys
observe, the Senate Report discussed the treatment of de-
tainees at various sites during specific time periods while
referring to those locations by code name -- Green, Cobalt,
Blue. See, e.g., Senate Report 99 -- 108 (referencing torture
of various detainees at Detention Site Cobalt). In extensive
civil litigation preceding this suit, Mitchell and Jessen tes-
tified using the same practice -- speaking about the treat-
ment of detainees during specific periods while using code
names where appropriate. Stipulation Regarding Discov-
ery in Salim v. Mitchell, No. 2:15 -- cv -- 286. The military
commissions where the government allowed Mitchell and
Jessen to appear employed the same procedure too. See,
e.g., Tr. in United States v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad,
p. 31371, pt. 4 (Jan. 27, 2020).
Despite all this, the government asks us to dismiss this
lawsuit. What worked before, the government submits,
10 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

cannot work again. Unlike previous lawsuits, this one
alone must be dismissed at its outset. And, the government
insists, this Court owes "utmost deference" to its demand.
Brief for United States 19 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted).
II
A
I do not question that Article II grants the Executive sub-
stantial authority over the conduct of the Nation's foreign
affairs. Cf. Nestle USA, Inc. v. Doe, 593 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___
(2021) (GORSUCH, J., concurring) ( -- 6). Nor do
I doubt that the Executive's responsibility in this field often
"poses 'delicate' and 'complex' questions involving 'large el-
ements of prophecy... for which the Judiciary has neither
aptitude, facilities nor responsibility.' " Id., at ___ (Jackson, J.)).
At the same time, in this arena as in many others, the
Constitution sometimes envisions a degree of interdepend-
ence between the branches of our government. So, for ex-
ample, while the Executive bears many responsibilities
over foreign affairs, Congress alone possesses the power to
raise armies, maintain a navy, declare war, and fund for-
eign expeditions. Art. I,. Also, Congress enjoys substan-
tial power when it comes to regulating the jurisdiction of
the federal courts -- a power it has employed from time to
time to authorize judges to entertain cases and controver-
sies implicating foreign affairs. See, e.g., Judiciary Act of
1789, 1 Stat. 77; Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-
thorization Act of 2003, (4)(A), 117 Stat. 2878.
Our case is such a case. In, Congress has expressly
authorized federal courts to order discovery from domestic
persons in aid of foreign proceedings like the ongoing Polish
prosecution. No one suggests that, on its face and in all its
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

applications, intrudes on powers vested in the Exec-
utive alone. Normally, too, when Congress endows the Ju-
diciary with the statutory authority to decide a case, we
have a "virtually unflagging" obligation to do just that. Col-
orado River Water Conservation Dist. v. United States, (1976). In deciding cases lawfully put to us,
courts generally must respect as well the ancient rule that
the public enjoys a right to "every man's evidence." 4 J.
Wigmore, Evidence in Trials at Common Law,
p. 2965 (1905). In this country, no one stands above the
law; not even the President may deflect evidentiary inquir-
ies just because they may prove inconvenient or embarrass-
ing. See Trump v. Vance, 591 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2020) ( -- 15); Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (Jackson, J., concurring) ("No penance
would ever expiate the sin against free government of hold-
ing that a President can escape control of executive powers
by law through assuming his military role").
None of this is to suggest that the state secrets privilege
is inconsistent with our separation of powers. Even a stat-
ute that constitutionally allows federal courts to pass on
matters touching on foreign affairs in most cases may, in
some applications, trench on powers the Constitution re-
serves for the Executive. It is simply that the privilege is
no blunderbuss and courts may not flee from the field at its
mere display. Instead, when the Executive seeks to with-
hold every man's evidence from a judicial proceeding
thanks to the powers it enjoys under Article II, that claim
must be carefully assessed against the competing powers
Articles I and III have vested in Congress and the Judici-
ary. The original design of the Constitution and "our his-
toric commitment to the rule of law" demand no less.
United States v. Nixon, (1974). 10

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 The majority invokes Department of Navy v. Egan for the proposition
12 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

B
The Constitution's insistence on this point is clear from
our history. Today, the Executive demands "utmost defer-
ence" to its judgment that Zubaydah's suit should be dis-
missed. Brief for United States 19. But over 200 years ago, an attorney for the
United States acting on behalf of President Jefferson pur-
sued a similar line, insisting on the President's right to
withhold evidence that "might contain state secrets" from
the trial of Aaron Burr. United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas.
30, 31 (No. 14,692d) (CC Va. 1807). And Chief Justice Mar-
shall expressly refused to afford that kind of latitude.
To be sure, under English law the King could "do no
wrong," he could not "be named in debate," and he enjoyed
largely unfettered discretion to withhold evidence from le-
gal proceedings. See id., at 34. But, Chief Justice Marshall
explained, such rules have no place in our Republic given
that "many points of difference... exist between the first
magistrate in England and the first magistrate of the
United States." Ibid. Instead, if the President wishes to
withhold evidence from a lawfully authorized judicial pro-
ceeding he must at least "state the particular reasons" for
his action. United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas. 187, 192
(No. 14,694) (CC Va. 1807). And while the Judiciary should
pay "all proper respect" to those reasons, as an independent
branch of government it must decide for itself whether to
sustain a claim of privilege in its proceedings, bearing in
mind that it is a "very serious thing" to allow any party to
withhold relevant evidence. Ibid.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
that we should be " 'reluctan[t] to intrude upon the authority of the Ex-
ecutive in military and national security affairs.' " Ante, at 8 ). But the majority omits an important caveat
found in the same sentence it quotes: "unless Congress specifically has
provided otherwise." Egan, 484 U. S., at 530. Because Congress has ex-
pressly authorized the Judiciary to entertain this suit, it follows that we
may not reflexively defer to the Executive's wish to see it dismissed.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Had Chief Justice Marshall envisioned a rule of "utmost
deference" to executive claims of privilege replicating some-
thing like the privilege the English crown enjoyed, it would
have been the simplest thing for him to say so. Instead, the
"clear implication" of his opinions in Burr is that "the Pres-
ident's special interests may warrant a careful judicial
screening of subpoenas after the President interposes an
objection, but that some subpoenas will nevertheless be
properly sustained by judicial orders of compliance." Nixon
v. Sirica, 487 F. 2d 700, 710 (CADC 1973). And "the ulti-
mate decision" on such matters "remain[s]" with a court of
law. Ibid.; see also Vance, 591 U. S., at ___. 11
Almost 150 years after Burr, the Court reaffirmed this
same understanding in United States v. Reynolds, (1953). There, executive officials once more sought some-
thing like "utmost deference" to their claim that evidence
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 JUSTICE THOMAS observes that President Jefferson did not seek to

withhold evidence on state secrets grounds. Ante, at 12. That much is
true. A government attorney invoked the privilege on the President's
behalf, relying on a "communication from the president." See Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 191. And Chief Justice Marshall -- perhaps wary of ascribing
the attorney's arguments to the President -- expressed some concern on
this score. See id., at 192. But as this Court has recounted, President
Jefferson was anything but ignorant of the proceedings and had raised
privilege concerns in a letter to the attorney. See Vance, 591 U. S., at
___ -- ___ ( -- 7). Nor, in any event, is it clear what difference
this makes: As JUSTICE THOMAS acknowledges, the Chief Justice dis-
cussed how the state secrets privilege would operate if and when the
President chose to submit "particular reasons" for withholding evidence.
Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 192; see ante, at 12. JUSTICE THOMAS stresses that,
in the course of this discussion, Chief Justice Marshall acknowledged
that the President "may" rather than "must" state his particular reasons
for seeking to withhold evidence. Ante, at 13. But Chief Justice Marshall
nowhere suggested that the state secrets privilege should apply in this
country without such a statement. See Vance, 591 U. S., at ___. Nor did he guarantee that producing such a statement would au-
tomatically spell the end of the judicial inquiry, as JUSTICE THOMAS
seems to suppose. See Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 192; Vance, 591 U. S., at ___.
14 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

should be suppressed from judicial proceedings in the name
of national security. Id., at 6. And once more the Court
refused to indulge that view. In England, Kings may have
enjoyed the kind of latitude the government sought. Id., at
7.
But under our Constitution, Reynolds emphasized, the Ex-
ecutive may not judge its own case: "Judicial control over
the evidence in a case cannot be abdicated to the caprice of
executive officers." 345 U. S., at 9 -- 10.
In this particular, our Nation broke from English prac-
tice. The Declaration of Independence did not endorse
crown prerogatives but described many as evils. The Con-
stitution did not create a President in the King's image but
envisioned an executive regularly checked and balanced by
other authorities. Our Founders knew from hard experi-
ence the "intolerable abuses" that flow from unchecked ex-
ecutive power. Id., at 8; see also Youngstown, 343 U. S., at
641 (Jackson, J., concurring).
Nor is their experience an alien one. More recent history
reveals that executive officials can sometimes be tempted
to misuse claims of national security to shroud major
abuses and even ordinary negligence from public view. In
Korematsu v. United States, the President persuaded this
Court to permit the forced internment of Japanese-
American citizens during World War II. 
(1944). The President did so in part by relying on a military
report that insisted immediate action was imperative to na-
tional security. Id., at 235 -- 236 (Murphy, J., dissenting).
The report, however, contained information executive offi-
cials knew to be false at the time. Yet it took decades before
the government publicly acknowledged its misrepresenta-
tion to this Court. See Dept. of Justice, Archives, N. Katyal,
Confessions of Error: The Solicitor General's Mistakes Dur-
ing the Japanese-American Internment Cases (May 20,
2011). And still more years passed before this Court for-
mally repudiated its decision. See Trump v. Hawaii, 585
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

U. S. ___, ___ (2018).
In Reynolds, a similar story unfolded. There, families of
civilians killed in the crash of an Air Force plane sued the
government for negligence and sought its official accident
report. The government invoked the state secrets privilege
and filed a declaration asking courts to shield the document
from disclosure. In response, this Court refused to afford
the government utmost deference but ultimately allowed it
to withhold the report. The Court did so without even paus-
ing to review the report independently in chambers or ask-
ing a lower court to take up that task. See Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 10 -- 11. Decades later, when the government re-
leased the report, it turned out to contain no state secrets -- 
only convincing proof of governmental negligence. See J.
Weinstein, The Role of Judges in a Government of, by, and
for the People: Notes for the Fifty-Eighth Cardozo Lecture,
30 Cardozo L. Rev. 1, 92 (2008). So it seems that, in the
very case where this Court stressed the importance of care-
fully examining claims of privilege, families were denied ac-
cess to proof to which they were lawfully entitled only be-
cause this Court accepted the Executive's declaration at
face value.
More recent history bears its cautions too. The govern-
ment invoked the state secrets privilege only 16 times be-
tween 1961 and 1980. See Brief for Public Citizen as Ami-
cus Curiae 9. Yet it has done so at least 49 times between
2001 and 2021. See id., at 9 -- 10. What is more, the propri-
ety of several of these assertions has been called into ques-
tion. Id., at 10 -- 17 (collecting examples); see also id., at 21 -- 
24 (documenting alleged improper governmental withhold-
ing of information in FOIA cases); W. Weaver & R. Pallitto,
State Secrets and Executive Power, 120 Pol. Sci. Q. 85, 101,
107 -- 112 (2005) (Weaver & Pallitto).
For decades, public servants ranging from Erwin Gris-
wold to Donald Rumsfeld and Porter Goss have complained
about overclassification by the Executive Branch. See, e.g.,
16 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Brief for Public Citizen as Amicus Curiae 17 -- 19. Officials
who have served in the Executive Branch have estimated
that between 50% and 90% of classified material does not
merit that treatment. Id., at 19 -- 20. In 1996, the federal
government made about 5.8 million classification decisions;
by 2017, that number reached approximately 49 million.
Compare Nat. Archives and Records Admin., Information
Security Oversight Office, 2010 Report to the President 12,
with Nat. Archives and Records Admin., Information Secu-
rity Oversight Office, 2017 Report to the President 1 -- 2. It
seems the government once even classified a memo from
one member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to another discuss-
ing how too many documents were being classified. Weaver
& Pallitto 87.
It may be understandable that those most responsible for
the Nation's security will seek to press every tool available
to them to maximum advantage. There has always been
something of a "hydraulic pressure inherent within each of
the separate Branches" to test "the outer limits of its
power." INS v. Chadha, (1983). It may
be nothing less than human nature. But when classifica-
tion standards are "so broadly drawn and loosely adminis-
tered," temptation enough exists for executive officials to
"cover up their own mistakes and even their wrongdoing
under the guise of protecting national security." K. Mayer,
With the Stroke of a Pen: Executive Orders and Presiden-
tial Power 145 (2001).
This Court hardly needs to add fuel to that fire by abdicat-
ing any pretense of an independent judicial inquiry into the
propriety of a claim of privilege and extending instead "ut-
most deference" to the Executive's mere assertion of one.
Walking that path would only invite more claims of secrecy
in more doubtful circumstances -- and facilitate the loss of
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 17

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

liberty and due process history shows very often follows.12
C
Accepting that independent judgment is required of us in
cases like this one, how exactly should we proceed? If the
government's "utmost deference" test is not appropriate,
what rules are? Our precedents offer a number of lessons.
First, Reynolds held that, when the Executive seeks to
withhold evidence from a congressionally authorized judi-
cial proceeding, it must show a "reasonable danger" of harm
to national security would follow otherwise. 345 U. S.,
at 10. To be sure, most parties who seek to invoke an evi-
dentiary privilege bear the burden of showing their entitle-
ment to do so by a preponderance of proof. See, e.g., 1 C.
Mueller & T. Kirkpatrick, Federal Evidence :32, pp. 213 -- 
214 (4th ed. Supp. 2021). And here the government's bur-
den is a good deal more forgiving. But I can also see why.
The line Reynolds drew seeks to accommodate the separa-
tion of powers: It ensures that a congressional mandate to
entertain a case or controversy will not be automatically
frustrated. It guarantees a degree of independent judicial

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 In defending the government's proposed "utmost deference" stand-

ard, JUSTICE THOMAS stresses that the duty to produce every man's evi-
dence "is not insisted upon" when a privilege applies. Ante, at 11 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). He also highlights that does not
compel individuals to provide evidence when doing so would "violat[e]" a
"legally applicable privilege." Ibid..
But neither of these truisms answers the question when the state secrets
privilege applies -- let alone proves that a court should afford "utmost def-
erence" to the mere assertion of a privilege. The truth is, privileges
against the production of evidence apply "only where necessary to
achieve [their] purpose" given that they have the "effect of withholding
relevant evidence from the fact-finder." Fisher v. United States, (1976). And it is a "fundamental maxim" that "any exemptions
which may exist to [the general rule favoring disclosure] are distinctly
exceptional," and therefore "all privileges of exemption... should be rec-
ognized only within the narrowest limits defined by principle." J. Wig-
more, Evidence, pp. 64, 67 (3d ed. 1940).
18 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

review. Yet it also seeks to respect the Executive's specially
assigned constitutional responsibilities in the field of for-
eign affairs and the delicate and complex predictive judg-
ments the Executive often must make there.
Second, when assessing a state secrets claim courts
may -- and often should -- review the evidence supporting
the government's claim of privilege in camera. Reynolds
said that "[w]hen" the government can show a reasonable
danger of harm exists by means of a declaration, a "court
should not... insis[t] upon an examination of the evidence,
even by the judge alone, in chambers." 345 U. S., at 8, 10.
But at the same time, the Court also stressed that, before
excluding evidence, a judge "must be satisfied" that a rea-
sonable danger of harm would flow from its production -- 
and that this is a responsibility no court may "abdicat[e]."
Id., at 9 -- 10. From this, it follows that in cases of doubt
more careful scrutiny is required before a court may uphold
a claim of privilege.
It is at this point, too, where the magnitude of a party's
need for the requested evidence may become relevant.
Reynolds explained that the extent of a party's need for the
government's evidence can inform "how far the court should
probe in satisfying itself that the occasion for invoking the
privilege is appropriate." Id., at 11. But Reynolds did not
create a threshold inquiry requiring a litigant to demon-
strate its need for relevant evidence before the government
must show a reasonable danger of harm would flow from its
production. Today's majority recognizes this point, explain-
ing that "only after satisfying itself that the Government
has offered a valid reason for invoking the privilege would
a court turn to the issue of necessity." Ante, at 12.
Here again, I see a balance consistent with the Constitu-
tion's design. A court persuaded that the government has
met its burden by declaration may find the privilege
properly invoked. But a court harboring questions must
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 19

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

probe further and examine the bases for the government's
assertions in camera. Nor may a court allow the govern-
ment to deny access to every man's evidence unless and un-
til it establishes its lawful entitlement to do so. This Court
has endorsed a similar procedure for resolving claims of ex-
ecutive privilege in other contexts. See, e.g., Nixon, 418
U. S., at 713 -- 715, and. Congress has authorized par-
allel procedures in several statutes implicating national se-
curity information. See, e.g., Foreign Intelligence Surveil-
lance Act of 1978, 92 Stat. 1785, as amended, 50 U. S. C.
; Classified Information Procedures Act, 18 U. S. C.
App., p. 414. And courts routinely test claims of entitle-
ment to other ancient and venerable privileges in just this
way. See, e.g., United States v. Zolin, 
(1989) (holding that in camera review may be used to probe
crime-fraud challenges to attorney-client privilege); see also, supra (observing that privileges generally "should be
recognized only within the narrowest limits defined by [the]
principle[s]" animating them ).
Third, the state secrets privilege protects the government
from the duty to supply certain evidence, but it does not
prevent a litigant from insisting that the government pro-
duce nonprivileged evidence in its possession. Nor does the
privilege preclude a litigant from pursuing its case other-
wise. As our cases explain, the trial simply "goes on" with-
out the government's privileged proof. General Dynamics
Corp. v. United States, (2011); see also
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. In this way, the state secrets
privilege again operates like many others -- whether self-
incrimination, attorney-client, or spousal -- by suspending a
party's duty to provide privileged evidence but never pro-
hibiting an opponent from seeking nonprivileged evidence
or proving its case using facts obtainable through other
means. See, e.g., Schmerber v. California, UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

761 (1966). In this way, too, it seems to me that the privi-
lege seeks to respect the separation of powers. The Execu-
tive may have a national security interest in keeping cer-
tain evidence to itself. It may have an interest in avoiding
the necessity of having to confirm or deny a fact. But that
executive interest does not extend to quashing suits that
Congress has authorized the Judiciary to entertain -- and
that the Judiciary has a "virtually unflagging" duty to re-
solve. Colorado River Water Conservation Dist., 424 U. S.,
at 817.
Admittedly, this Court has held that some contract dis-
putes between spies and the government may be dismissed
at their outset. See Totten v. United States, (1876); Tenet v. Doe, (2005). But the
Court has done so only on the ground and to the extent that
allowing these cases to proceed would " 'inevitably lead to
the disclosure of ' state secrets." General Dynamics, 563
U. S., at 486. In rare cases
like these, it may simply be impossible to adjudicate a claim
without privileged evidence from the government. Still,
none of that displaces the general rule that the privilege
protects only against the production of certain evidence -- 
not the inconvenience of lawsuits. If a way exists for a court
to discharge its statutory duty to entertain a case without
the government's privileged proof, that way must be found.
Dismissal may be an easy out, but it is only rarely the cor-
rect one. Even English courts applying the old crown priv-
ilege sometimes afforded litigants the chance to prove their
cases independently without the benefit of privileged proof.
See, e.g., H. M. S. Bellerophon, 44 LJR 5, 5 -- 9 (Admlty.
1875).
Fourth, after the government properly invokes the privi-
lege, a court may still be able to explore options to make the
government's evidence available to litigants in some form
as long as it fully respects the government's national secu-
rity interests. Lower courts have a long history here. They
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 21

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

have used protective orders and other security procedures
to allow sensitive governmental information to be shared -- 
options Congress has borrowed and endorsed for use in
cases arising under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act of 1978 and the Classified Information Procedures Act.
50 U. S. C. ; 18 U. S. C. App. -- 4, p. 414. Lower
courts have appointed special masters with security clear-
ances to provide unclassified summaries to litigants who
lack such clearances. See, e.g., In re United States Dept. of
Defense, 848 F. 2d 232, 234 (CADC 1988). Judges have
worked with executive officials to craft nonprivileged sub-
stitute versions of particular pieces of evidence. Cf. In re
Sealed Case, 494 F. 3d 139, 153 (CADC 2007); see also 18
U. S. C. App. (1), p. 415. Suppressing evidence from a
congressionally authorized judicial proceeding may not be
an appropriate remedy if valid executive interests can be
fully protected by less intrusive means.
III
The majority does not dispute that the principles set out
in Part II should guide the resolution of any state secrets
dispute. See ante, at 8 -- 9. Instead, the majority insists that
the only disagreement between us concerns "how th[e]se
principles should apply to the specific discovery requests
Zubaydah has made in this litigation." Ibid. Recall that
the Ninth Circuit permitted discovery on just two things:
(1) the location of the CIA's detention site, and (2) details
about Zubaydah's interrogation by the CIA, his treatment,
and his conditions of confinement.
A
Start with the first of these. The Executive seeks to with-
hold evidence about the location of its detention site from a
congressionally authorized judicial proceeding. To do so, it
bears the burden of showing that a "reasonable danger" of
22 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

harm to national security would follow from sharing the in-
formation sought. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10. How does the
government seek to discharge that burden in this case?
Zubaydah seeks evidence from Mitchell and Jessen. The
pair have long since stopped working for the government.
Still, the government insists, any evidence they supply
would be widely understood as speaking for the Executive
Branch. Brief for United States 26. (That premise I accept
for argument's sake.) And, the government continues, if the
pair were asked to confirm or deny the existence of a black
site in Poland, their answer could complicate efforts to se-
cure assistance from foreign governments for future opera-
tions. Id., at 27 -- 28.
Even on its own terms, however, the government's sub-
mission faces an immediate problem. What was once a se-
cret can, with the passage of time, become old news. See
United States v. Ahmad, 499 F. 2d 851, 855 (CA3 1974).
There may be cases where requiring the government to con-
firm a widely known but not "officially" disclosed fact could
pose a national security risk sufficient to justify withhold-
ing evidence. See ante, at 10 -- 11. Hypothetically, as the
Court explains, demanding the government to admit "the
existence of a CIA site in Country A" could "diminish the
extent to which the intelligence services of Countries A, B,
C, D, etc." might be willing to cooperate "with our own in-
telligence services in the future." Ante, at 11. The difficulty
is, the government has not carried its burden of showing
this case falls into that category.
The record before us is stark. Zubaydah's detention in
Poland took place 20 years ago. The location of the CIA's
detention site has been acknowledged by the former Polish
President, investigated by the Council of Europe, and
proven "beyond reasonable doubt" to the European Court of
Human Rights. See Part I -- B, supra. Doubtless, these dis-
closures may have done damage to national security inter-
ests. But nothing in the record of this case suggests that
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 23

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

requiring the government to acknowledge what the world
already knows to be true would invite a reasonable danger
of additional harm to national security. The government's
only evidence is a declaration couched in conclusory terms,
which the District Court found unpersuasive. See App. to
Pet. for Cert. 45a, 52a -- 53a, 59a. It rests on the same sort
of hypothetical the majority posits today -- making no effort
to grapple with the particulars of this case.
Even the majority seems uncomfortable with the govern-
ment's declaration. The best the majority can say is this:
The location of a CIA detention site in Poland qualifies as a
"state secret" because "we have found nothing in the evi-
dentiary record that casts doubt" on the declaration's con-
clusory assertion that national security harms could follow
from acknowledging its existence. Ante, at 12. But notice
how this effectively reverses the burden of proof. The ma-
jority starts with the government's conclusory assertion -- 
and then proceeds to place on Zubaydah the burden of dis-
proving it. A bare expression of national security concern
becomes reason enough to deny the ancient right to every
man's evidence.
This may be a nice move, but it is unpersuasive. Since
Burr, this Court has held that the Executive must do more
than assert a harm to national security "might" follow from
producing evidence. See Part II -- B, supra. Since Reynolds,
this Court has required a "reasonable," not a speculative,
showing of harm. See Part II -- B, supra. If the government
could withhold evidence and even compel the dismissal of
lawsuits based on nothing more than a conclusory assertion
of national security concerns -- and if the burden fell on pri-
vate persons to disprove those concerns -- it is hard to imag-
ine what case a court could not be forced to close. That kind
of executive prerogative might have once been part of the
law of England; it has never been the law here. See Parts
II -- B and II -- C, supra.
24 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Under our law, a court not fully satisfied by the govern-
ment's showing of harm has a duty to inquire further. See
Part II -- C, supra. In this case, I would have thought that
concerns about the conclusory nature of the government's
declaration would have led the Court at least to remand the
matter to the District Court for in camera review of any ev-
idence the government might wish to present to substanti-
ate its privilege claim. Crediting doubtful representations
has led this Court to embarrassments in the past. See Part
II -- B, supra. I would not risk a repeat.
B
Looking past these problems only serves to expose an-
other and maybe more fundamental one. Assume now with
the government that confirming the existence of a detention
site in Poland really does qualify as a state secret. Put aside
that part of the Ninth Circuit's decision allowing discovery
to proceed on that question. What about the Court of Ap-
peals' separate holding that Zubaydah is entitled to discov-
ery about his interrogation, treatment, and conditions of
confinement? Recall that Zubaydah's lawyers have long
maintained that, at a minimum, they should be allowed to
ask about those matters within the date range of December
2002 through September 2003 and without reference to ge-
ography or Polish personnel. See Part I -- C, supra. Recall,
too, that even the government has conceded that "the en-
hanced interrogation techniques employed with respect to
specific detainees in the program, and their conditions of
confinement, are no longer classified." App. to Pet. for Cert.
143a. Normally, a statutorily authorized case must con-
tinue without the government's privileged proof. See Part
II -- C, supra. Why should this case be different and face dis-
missal at its outset?
A plurality of the Court answers with a worry. 13 It fears
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 JUSTICE KAGAN does not join this portion of the principal opinion and

instead appears largely to agree with us in what follows.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 25

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

that "any response to Zubaydah's discovery requests would
inevitably tend to confirm or deny whether the CIA oper-
ated a detention site located in Poland." Ante, at 17. Ap-
parently, the plurality is concerned that, during the course
of their testimony about Zubaydah's treatment, Mitchell
and Jessen might inadvertently disclose the location of their
activities. See ibid. To ward against this possibility, the
plurality insists, dismissal is the only option.
But that has never been enough to justify an invocation
of the state secrets doctrine to shield evidence, let alone the
dismissal of a lawsuit. No one cites any legal authority -- 
even under the old crown privilege in England -- allowing
the Executive to withhold nonprivileged information and
demand a suit's dismissal only because executive agents
might accidentally disclose privileged information along the
way. Surely a party's propensity for error cannot be a point
in its favor.
Nor is that the only thing surprising about the plurality's
argument. Many familiar judicial tools exist to protect par-
ties from their inadvertent disclosures. In prior detainee
civil litigation, the government attended Mitchell's and
Jessen's depositions and instructed them not to answer cer-
tain sensitive questions. See, e.g., Brief for Respondents 7 -- 
8. The District Court could insist on that same procedure
here. As an added precaution, the District Court could con-
duct any depositions in its presence. Alternatively, the
court could enter a protective order preventing the parties
from sharing documents or other information with Polish
authorities or the public until the government has a chance
to review them. Alternatively still, Mitchell and Jessen
could be directed to provide their materials to the District
Court so that the court and the government would have a
chance to review their submissions before they are even
transmitted to Zubaydah's lawyers. It seems the govern-
ment found advance review procedures like these sufficient
26 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

when it allowed Mitchell to publish a book about his in-
volvement in the CIA's interrogation program. It is unclear
why they should be insufficient now. See Part I -- B, supra.
On top of all that, the District Court might require Mitch-
ell and Jessen to use code names or redact privileged infor-
mation when supplying their evidence. The Senate Report
used these tools, speaking of "Detention Site Blue" in lieu
of "Poland" more than 60 times and redacting certain ma-
terials from its public report, all while recounting in detail
how Mitchell and Jessen tortured other detainees at that
site. See Part I -- B, supra. Mitchell and Jessen likewise
used code names to shield foreign country names when they
testified in prior civil litigation and before a military com-
mission at Guantánamo Bay. Indeed, according to an ami-
cus, the government even filed a motion in the military com-
mission proceedings endorsing the practice. See Brief for
Electronic Frontier Foundation as Amicus Curiae 23.
The plurality barely pauses to consider any of these safe-
guards against the government's potential negligence. It
acknowledges these "techniques have successfully pre-
vented the disclosure of classified information in previous
litigation on related subject matter." Ante, at 17. But in a
bare ipse dixit, the plurality asserts these same tools "would
not be effective here." Ibid. In failing to give careful con-
sideration to potential safeguards that would allow this
case to proceed, the plurality defies a central and consistent
teaching of this Court's state secrets jurisprudence -- that
executive claims of privilege in congressionally authorized
proceedings are not to be reflexively accepted, and remedies
short of dismissal must be preferred. See Part II -- C, supra.
The plurality confuses appropriate deference to the Execu-
tive's predictive judgments about foreign affairs with inap-
propriate deference to the Executive's concerns about its
own mishaps, misstatements, and mistakes. In the process,
the plurality abdicates judicial responsibility to use ordi-
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 27

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

nary tools of litigation management in favor of the Execu-
tive's wish to brush this case out the door. We do no honor
to the rule of law in acquiescing to that impulse.
C
Unable to explain how the government would be harmed
by allowing this litigation to continue, the plurality seeks
to flip the script. Now, it contends that "much of [the] in-
formation" Zubaydah seeks "is already publicly available
from other sources," so "further judicial probing of the Gov-
ernment's privilege claim" is unwarranted. Ante, at 16.
This submission faces its own problems. A litigant's ne-
cessity for the evidence he seeks may inform how far a court
must go in testing the government's claim of privilege. But
in all cases the government bears the burden of proving its
entitlement to the privilege. See Part II -- C, supra. And it
has not carried that burden here. The government worries
about confirming the location of its detention site, but it has
not shown how doing so would harm national security in
light of how well documented that fact already is. Worse,
the government has not even shown how this lawsuit would
require it to confirm the location of its detention site. We
do not have in this case a question about how far to probe
the government's privilege claim; we have not probed that
claim at all. We have replaced independent inquiry with a
rubber stamp.
Troubling, too, the plurality's argument rests on facts of
its own surmise. Yes, a great deal of public information ex-
ists about Zubaydah's treatment during other periods. And
maybe the location of his detention site is known to the
world. But Zubaydah's lawyers tell us that the public rec-
ord contains no comparable information about what hap-
pened "inside [his] cell" from December 2002 until Septem-
ber 2003. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41. That, they say, is the
primary reason this lawsuit exists. See Part I -- C, supra.
The government does not seriously dispute the comparative
28 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

lack of public evidence about Zubaydah's treatment during
the relevant period -- and it is unclear why the plurality
pursues the point on the government's behalf. As recently
as 2015, the government rejected a diplomatic request by
Polish prosecutors seeking information about Zubaydah's
treatment. Letter from B. Fletcher, Acting Solicitor Gen-
eral, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court 1, 3 (Oct. 15, 2021) (Gov-
ernment Letter).
Rather than face these problems, the plurality attempts
a way around them. Perhaps Zubaydah does not yet have
the information he needs. But, the plurality replies, we re-
cently received a letter from the government. In it, the gov-
ernment says it will now allow Zubaydah to mail a docu-
ment from Guantánamo Bay to Polish prosecutors detailing
his treatment during the relevant period. So at least in this
way, the plurality reasons, Zubaydah's need for evidence
from Mitchell and Jessen "may" become "diminished" in the
future. Ante, at 16.
It is easy enough to see why the plurality hedges here.
Not only has the government already once refused a request
from Polish authorities asking for information about
Zubaydah's treatment. The government's apparent change
of heart came only after argument in this case, in response
to questions from the bench. And a closer look at the gov-
ernment's offer unmasks its emptiness. No one seems con-
fident that Zubaydah remains mentally competent to tes-
tify about his treatment decades ago. 14 Pointedly, too, the
government states in its letter that it reserves the right to
subject whatever he produces "to a security review" -- all
without indicating what standards it will apply in that "re-
view." Government Letter 3. In the end, then, the govern-
ment's offer seems little more than an offer to let Zubaydah
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 Zubaydah's lawyers represent that they do not know "whether and

to what extent, after years of torture and solitary confinement, he can
still reliably reconstruct this history." Letter from D. Klein, Counsel for
Respondent Abu Zubaydah, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court 2 (Oct. 25, 2021).
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 29

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

say whatever the government chooses to allow him to say.
Then there is this. In response to the government's letter,
Zubaydah's lawyers have lodged their own. In it, as they
have before, they offer a middle way. At the very least,
Zubaydah's lawyers ask this Court to hold off dismissing
this case until we know whether and to what extent the
government will make good on its late-blooming promise.
Letter from D. Klein, Counsel for Respondent Abu
Zubaydah, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court 2 (Oct. 25, 2021). Yet
rather than remand this case to allow the District Court to
supervise that process, the plurality refuses even this pal-
try accommodation. It does so without as much as the cour-
tesy of an explanation.
D
Ultimately, the plurality is forced to give ground. While
it insists that "any" response to Zubaydah's current re-
quests "would inevitably tend to confirm or deny whether
the CIA operated a detention site located in Poland," it goes
out of its way to note that "a different discovery request
filed by Zubaydah might avoid the problems" the plurality
believes exist here. Ante, at 17. In other words, it seems
that Zubaydah remains free to file a new lawsuit seeking
information about his interrogation, treatment, and condi-
tions of confinement as long as he does not ask for location
information where his "need is not great." Id., at 15, 17.
But what is the point of forcing Zubaydah to file a new
lawsuit? Location information is only part of what the
Court of Appeals permitted and Zubaydah seeks. Sepa-
rately, the Court of Appeals allowed Zubaydah's lawyers to
inquire about his interrogation, treatment, and conditions
of confinement. And throughout this litigation, Zubaydah's
lawyers have indicated a willingness to employ any number
of tools to disaggregate that evidence from information that
might reveal the site's location or the involvement of foreign
30 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

nationals. As they put it before the District Court, "[v]alu-
able discovery may proceed without requiring [Mitchell and
Jessen] to confirm either the location of any particular site,
or the cooperation of any particular government." App. to
Pet. for Cert. 42a. As the District Court acknowledged, too,
courts possess substantial authority to "modify or limit the
scope" of any party's discovery requests. Id., at 55a. It is
unfathomable why this Court should ignore that option in
this case and insist on a new one. At worst, the delay may
effectively deny Zubaydah congressionally authorized dis-
covery into admittedly nonprivileged information. At best,
it will prove a pointless formality.
*
In the end, only one argument for dismissing this case at
its outset begins to make sense. It has nothing to do with
speculation that government agents might accidentally
blurt out the word "Poland." It has nothing to do with the
fiction that Zubaydah is free to testify about his experiences
as he wishes. It has nothing to do with fears about courts
being unable to apply familiar tools to disaggregate discov-
ery regarding some issues (location, foreign nationals) from
others (interrogation techniques, treatment, and conditions
of confinement). Really, it seems that the government
wants this suit dismissed because it hopes to impede the
Polish criminal investigation and avoid (or at least delay)
further embarrassment for past misdeeds. Perhaps at one
level this is easy enough to understand. The facts are hard
to face. We know already that our government treated
Zubaydah brutally -- more than 80 waterboarding sessions,
hundreds of hours of live burial, and what it calls "rectal
rehydration." Further evidence along the same lines may
lie in the government's vaults. But as embarrassing as
these facts may be, there is no state secret here. This
Court's duty is to the rule of law and the search for truth.
We should not let shame obscure our vision.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Constitution vests in Congress the power "[t]o raise
and support Armies" and "[t]o provide and maintain a
Navy." Art. I, cls. 1, 12 -- 13. Pursuant to that authority,
Congress enacted a federal law that gives returning veter-
ans the right to reclaim their prior jobs with state employ-
ers and authorizes suit if those employers refuse to accom-
modate them. See Uniformed Services Employment and
Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA), 38 U. S. C.
et seq. This case asks whether States may invoke
sovereign immunity as a legal defense to block such suits.
In our view, they cannot. Upon entering the Union, the
States implicitly agreed that their sovereignty would yield
to federal policy to build and keep a national military.
States thus gave up their immunity from congressionally
authorized suits pursuant to the " 'plan of the Convention,' "
as part of " 'the structure of the original Constitution it-
self.' " PennEast Pipeline Co. v. New Jersey, 594 U. S. ___,
___ (2021) ).
2 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

Opinion of the Court

I
A
Congress has "broad and sweeping" power "to raise and
support armies." United States v. O'Brien, (1968). It has long exercised that power to encourage
service in the Armed Forces in a variety of ways. See, e.g.,
Rumsfeld v. Forum for Academic and Institutional Rights,
Inc., (2006) (campus recruiting); Johnson
v. Robison, (1974) (educational benefits).
Since before the United States' entry into World War II,
Congress has sought, in particular, to smooth volunteers'
reentry into civilian life by recognizing veterans' "right to
return to civilian employment without adverse effect on...
career progress" in the federal work force and private em-
ployment. H. R. Rep. No. 105 -- 448, p. 2 (1998); see Selective
Training and Service Act of 1940, (A) -- (B), (e), 54 Stat.
890, 891 (damages remedy against private employers).
The Vietnam War prompted Congress to extend these
protections to employment by States. Amidst political op-
position to the war, "some State and local jurisdictions
ha[d ] demonstrated a reluctance, and even an unwilling-
ness, to reemploy" returning servicemembers. S. Rep.
No. 93 -- 907, p. 110 (1974). So Congress authorized private
damages suits against States to ensure that "veterans who
[had] previously held jobs as school teachers, policemen,
firemen, and other State, county, and city employees" would
not be denied their old jobs as reprisal for their service.
Ibid. The statute at issue, USERRA, embodies these pro-
tections today.
B
Petitioner Le Roy Torres enlisted in the Army Reserves
in 1989. In 2007, he was called to active duty and deployed
to Iraq. While serving, Torres was exposed to toxic burn
pits, a method of garbage disposal that sets open fire to all
manner of trash, human waste, and military equipment.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of the Court

Torres received an honorable discharge. But he returned
home with constrictive bronchitis, a respiratory condition
that narrowed his airways and made breathing difficult.
These ailments, Torres alleges, changed his life and left him
unable to work at his old job as a state trooper. Torres
asked his former employer, respondent Texas Department
of Public Safety (Texas), to accommodate his condition by
reemploying him in a different role. Texas refused to do so.
Torres sued Texas in state court. He argued that Texas
had violated USERRA's mandate that state employers re-
hire returning servicemembers, use "reasonable efforts" to
accommodate any service-related disability, or find an
"equivalent" position (or its "nearest approximation") where
such disability prevents the veteran from holding his prior
position. 38 U. S. C. (3). Texas moved to dismiss
the suit by invoking sovereign immunity. The trial court
denied the motion. A divided intermediate appellate court
reversed, stating this Court's precedents established that
Congress could not authorize private suits against noncon-
senting States pursuant to its Article I powers except under
the Bankruptcy Clause and citing Central Va. Community
College v. Katz, (2006). See 583 S. W. 3d 221,
225 -- 230 (Tex. App. 2018). The Supreme Court of Texas de-
nied discretionary review.
After the decision below, this Court decided PennEast,
594 U. S. ___. There, we recognized that the States had
waived their sovereign immunity as to the exercise of the
federal eminent domain power under the structure of the
Constitution pursuant to the "plan of the Convention." See
id., at ___. We then granted Torres' petition
for certiorari to decide whether, in light of that intervening
decision, USERRA's damages remedy against state employ-
ers is constitutional.
II
Congress enacted USERRA as an exercise of its power
4 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

Opinion of the Court

"[t]o raise and support Armies" and "[t]o provide and main-
tain a Navy." U. S. Const., Art. I, cls. 12 -- 13. The ques-
tion before us is whether the Constitution allows Congress
to enforce these federal reemployment protections by au-
thorizing private litigation against noncompliant state em-
ployers that do not wish to consent to suit.
A
The Constitution forged a Union, but it also protected the
sovereign prerogatives of States within our government.
Generally speaking, "the States entered the federal system
with their sovereignty," including their sovereign immun-
ity, "intact." Blatchford v. Native Village of Noatak, (1991). Basic tenets of sovereign immunity
teach that courts may not ordinarily hear a suit brought by
any person against a nonconsenting State. See ibid.
But States still remain subject to suit in certain circum-
stances. States may, of course, consent to suit. See Sossa-
mon v. Texas, (2011). Congress may also
enact laws abrogating their immunity under the Four-
teenth Amendment. See Fitzpatrick v. Bitzer, (1976). And, as relevant here, States may be sued
if they agreed their sovereignty would yield as part of the
"plan of the Convention," PennEast, 594 U. S., at ___ -- that is, if "the structure of the original Consti-
tution itself " reflects a waiver of States' sovereign immun-
ity, Alden, 527 U. S., at 728. "[A]ctions do not offend state
sovereignty" if "the States consented" to them "at the found-
ing." PennEast, 594 U. S., at ___.
Alexander Hamilton described three circumstances
where the "plan of the Convention" implied that the States
waived their sovereign immunity: "where the Constitution
in express terms granted an exclusive authority to the Un-
ion; where it granted in one instance an authority to the
Union and in another prohibited the States from exercising
the like authority; and where it granted an authority to the
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of the Court

Union, to which a similar authority in the States would be
absolutely and totally contradictory and repugnant." The
Federalist No. 32, p. 200 (J. Cooke ed. 1961) (emphasis in
original); see id., No. 81, at 548 -- 549 (A. Hamilton).
Consistent with these principles, this Court has found
structural waiver as to suits between States, in South Da-
kota v. North Carolina, (1904), and suits by
the United States against a State, in United States v. Texas,
(1892). The States, we said, must have rec-
ognized that these waivers of immunity from suit were "a
necessary feature of the formation of a more perfect Union"
and thus "inherent in the constitutional plan." Principality
of Monaco v. Mississippi, (1934). The
alternative to consenting to litigation between sovereigns,
after all, could be civil war.
A century later, in Central Va. Community College v.
Katz, the Court recognized another struc-
tural waiver. We held that States could not assert sover-
eign immunity to block suits by private parties pursuant to
federal bankruptcy laws. Id., at 359. There, too, we based
our holding on the constitutional structure. We noted the
text's insistence on "uniform Laws on the subject of Bank-
ruptcies," U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 4, the Framers' con-
cerns about States' passing patchwork legislation and re-
fusing to discharge the debts of noncitizens (as had
happened under the Articles of Confederation), and the his-
tory of habeas laws related to bankruptcy. See 546 U. S.,
at 368 -- 377. All that evidence led us to conclude that, by
ratifying the Constitution, the States had agreed that their
sovereignty would yield to ensure the effectiveness of na-
tional bankruptcy policy. See id., at 379.
For several years, both before and after Katz, the Court
declined to acknowledge additional waivers of sovereign im-
munity under Congress' Article I powers or to find Article I
authority to abrogate immunity. See, e.g., Seminole Tribe
6 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

Opinion of the Court

of Fla. v. Florida, (1996); Florida Prepaid Post-
secondary Ed. Expense Bd. v. College Savings Bank, (1999). Two Terms ago, we even described Katz's
analysis as "good for one clause only," suggesting we would
not find further waivers under Article I. Allen v. Cooper,
589 U. S. ___, ___ (2020) (hyphens omitted).
Last Term, in PennEast Pipeline Co. v. New Jersey, 594
U. S. ___, we considered whether Congress could, pursuant
to its eminent domain power, authorize private parties to
sue States to enforce federally approved condemnations
necessary to build interstate pipelines. We held that "when
the States entered the federal system, they renounced their
right to the 'highest dominion in the[ir] lands,' " meaning
they agreed their "eminent domain power would yield to
that of the Federal Government." Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 16) ). Congress could therefore
authorize private actions against States.
PennEast defined the test for structural waiver as
whether the federal power at issue is "complete in itself,
and the States consented to the exercise of that power -- in
its entirety -- in the plan of the Convention." 594 U. S., at
___ (internal quotation marks and citation
omitted). Where that is so, the States implicitly agreed that
their sovereignty "would yield to that of the Federal Gov-
ernment 'so far as is necessary to the enjoyment of the pow-
ers conferred upon it by the Constitution.' " Id., at ___ ). By committing not to "thwart" or frustrate federal
policy, the States accepted upon ratification that their "con-
sent," including to suit, could "never be a condition prece-
dent to" Congress' chosen exercise of its authority. 594
U. S., at ___, ___ (, 10). The States simply "have no immunity left
to waive or abrogate." Id., at ___.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of the Court

B
Congress' power to build and maintain the Armed Forces
fits PennEast's test. The Constitution's text, its history,
and this Court's precedents show that "when the States en-
tered the federal system, they renounced their right" to in-
terfere with national policy in this area. Id., at ___.
For one thing, the Constitution's text, across several Ar-
ticles, strongly suggests a complete delegation of authority
to the Federal Government to provide for the common de-
fense. Unlike most of the powers given to the National Gov-
ernment, the Constitution spells out the war powers not in
a single, simple phrase, but in many broad, interrelated
provisions. The Preamble makes the "common defence" one
of the document's central projects. Article I gives Congress
authority to "provide for th[at] common Defence" in six
numbered paragraphs: to "declare War"; "raise and support
Armies"; "provide and maintain a Navy"; "make Rules" for
the Armed Forces; "provide for calling forth the Militia";
and "provide for [their] organizing, arming, and disciplin-
ing.", cls. 1, 11 -- 16. Article II makes the President the
"Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States, and of the Militia of the several States.", cl. 1.
And the Federal Government is charged with "protect[ing]
each" State "against Invasion." Art. IV,.
The Constitution also divests the States of like power.
States may not "engage in War, unless actually invaded,"
"enter into any Treaty," or "keep Troops, or Ships of War in
time of Peace." Art. I, cls. 1, 3. States retain a role in
"the Appointment of the Officers" to and the "training [of]
the Militia," but that delegation is strictly cabined. Art. I, cl. 16. States must do so "according to the discipline
prescribed by Congress." Ibid. These substantial limita-
tions on state authority, together with the assignment of
sweeping power to the Federal Government, provide strong
evidence that the structure of the Constitution prevents
8 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

Opinion of the Court

States from frustrating national objectives in this field.
History teaches the same lesson. "When the Framers met
in Philadelphia in the summer of 1787, they sought to cre-
ate a cohesive national sovereign in response to the failings
of the Articles of Confederation." PennEast, 594 U. S., at
___. The Founders recognized, first and fore-
most, "that the confederation produced no security agai[nst]
foreign invasion; congress not being permitted to prevent a
war nor to support it by the[ir] own authority," because
Congress lacked the power to marshal and maintain a
fighting force "fit for defence." 1 Records of the Federal
Convention of 1787, p. 19 (M. Farrand ed. 1966) (Edmund
Randolph opening remarks).
"[T]he want of power in Congress to raise an army" had
left the National Government "dependen[t] upon the
States" to supply military forces via a system of quotas and
requisition that had nearly cost the Nation victory in the
Revolutionary War. Selective Draft Law Cases, (1918). George Washington warned from the bat-
tlefield that, unless Congress is "vested with powers by the
several States" to raise an army, "our cause is lost." Letter
to J. Jones (May 31, 1780), in 8 Writings of George Wash-
ington 304 (W. Ford ed. 1890). In short, "[t]he experience
of the whole country, during the revolutionary war, estab-
lished, to the satisfaction of every statesman, the utter in-
adequacy and impropriety of this system of requisition." 3
J. Story, Commentaries on the Constitution of the United
States, p. 65 (1833) (Story). The need to fix that fail-
ing by establishing a strong national power to raise and
maintain a military was one of the "recognized necessities"
for calling the Constitutional Convention. Selective Draft
Law Cases, 245 U. S., at 381.
The Constitution, by design, worked "an entire change in
the first principles of the system." The Federalist No. 23,
at 148 (A. Hamilton). The Framers gave Congress direct
power over the "formation, direction or support of the
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of the Court

NATIONAL FORCES." Ibid. (emphasis in original). So
"general and indefinite" were these powers vis-à-vis the
States that "[o]bjections were made against" them as "sub-
versive of the state governments," which retained "no con-
trol on congress" under the new arrangement. 3 Story, 1177, at 67. Some state conventions pitched pro-
posals to limit the reach of Congress' war powers, but those
amendments "die[d] away." Id., at 74. The States
ultimately ratified the Constitution knowing that their sov-
ereignty would give way to national military policy.
Consistent with that structural understanding, Congress
has, since the founding era, directed raising and maintain-
ing the national military, including at the expense of state
sovereignty. For instance, early Congresses established
military bonuses to reward service, even requiring Virginia
to give land to some Revolutionary War officers. See Act of
Aug. 10, 1790, 1 Stat. 182. Could Virginia have refused to
go along? We do not think so.
As President Lincoln reflected while the Civil War raged:
The federal power to raise and maintain a military " 'is
given fully, completely, unconditionally. It is not a power
to raise armies if State authorities consent;... it is a power
to raise and support armies given to Congress by the Con-
stitution, without an "if." ' " Lichter v. United States, (1948) ).
An unbroken line of precedents supports the same con-
clusion: Congress may legislate at the expense of tradi-
tional state sovereignty to raise and support the Armed
Forces. During the Civil War, this Court rejected a State's
attempt to retrieve, through habeas corpus, a deserted sol-
dier "held in the custody of a recruiting officer of the United
States." Tarble's Case, 13 Wall. 397, 398 (1872). The "Na-
tional government['s]... power 'to raise and support ar-
mies' " cannot be "question[ed by] any State authority," we
said. Id., at 408. In Stewart v. Kahn, 11 Wall. 493 (1871),
10 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

Opinion of the Court

the Court approved a federal statute that, among other pro-
visions, tolled state statutes of limitations in state courts
for suits against soldiers while they were in service of the
Union. The Court described Congress' authority as
"carr[ying] with it inherently the power" to "remedy" state
efforts to frustrate national aims; objections sounding in or-
dinary federalism principles were "untenable." Id., at 507.
In the early 20th century, the Court again rejected state-
sovereignty objections in this area, this time to the draft.
See Selective Draft Law Cases, 245 U. S., at 381. We wrote
that Congress' authority to raise armies could not be quali-
fied or restricted by the States because the Constitution
"manifestly intended to give... all" such power to the Fed-
eral Government and "leave none to the States." Ibid.
Modern examples illustrate the same structural point. In
United States v. Oregon, -- 649 (1961), this
Court rejected a State's Tenth Amendment challenge to a
federal law providing that, when certain veterans die with-
out heirs, their property distributes to veterans' facilities
rather than escheating to the State. Even though estate
and property law are areas "normally left to the States," the
Court explained that those background assumptions are
displaced when it comes to Congress' "constitutional powers
to raise armies and navies." Id., at 648 -- 649. When, years
later, the Court adopted a broader view of state sovereignty
under the Tenth Amendment, the Court was careful to clar-
ify that "[n]othing we say in this opinion addresses the
scope of Congress' authority under its war power." National
League of Cities v. Usery, -- 855, 
(1976), overruled on other grounds, Garcia v. San Antonio
Metropolitan Transit Authority, (1985).
Nor is the Federal Government's power limited to the
"context of an actual war," as we held more recently in Per-
pich v. Department of Defense, (1990).
After the Governors of California and Maine refused to al-
low their States' National Guard members to be sent on
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

Opinion of the Court

training missions in Honduras, Congress eliminated the
longstanding requirement that the military obtain consent
from the relevant Governor before transferring National
Guard members to active military service. Id., at 346. The
Court rejected the notion that so holding "nullif[ied] an im-
portant state power," instead "recogniz[ing] the supremacy
of federal power in the area of military affairs." Id., at 351.
The lesson we draw from these cases is that " '[t]he power
to wage war is the power to wage war successfully.' "
Lichter, 334 U. S., at 780 ). The
Framers " 'had emerged from a long struggle which had
taught them the weakness of a mere confederation,' " so
" 'they established a Union which could fight with the
strength of one people under one government entrusted
with the common defence.' " Ibid. Under our constitutional
order, States may not place any " 'limitations inconsistent' "
with Congress' power because " 'every resource of the people
must be at command.' " Ibid. In short, the States agreed to
"dives[t]" themselves of "the traditional diplomatic and mil-
itary tools that... sovereigns possess" -- to sacrifice their
sovereignty for the common defense. Franchise Tax Bd. of
Cal. v. Hyatt, 587 U. S. ___, ___ (2019).
It follows that Congress' power to build and maintain a
national military is "complete in itself." PennEast, 594
U. S., at ___ (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). Text, history, and precedent show the States agreed
that their sovereignty would "yield... so far as is neces-
sary" to national policy to raise and maintain the military.
Id., at ___ (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). And because States committed themselves not to
"thwart" the exercise of this federal power, "[t]he consent of
a State," including to suit, "can never be a condition prece-
dent to [Congress'] enjoyment" of it. Id., at ___, ___ (, 10). We conse-
quently hold that, as part of the plan of the Convention, the
12 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

Opinion of the Court

States waived their immunity under Congress' Article I
power "[t]o raise and support Armies" and "provide and
maintain a Navy.", cls. 12 -- 13.
III
Neither Texas nor the dissent persuades us otherwise.
Texas asserts that "Congress cannot abrogate state sover-
eign immunity through the exercise of Article I powers."
Brief for Respondent 33. But, as explained, "congressional
abrogation is not the only means of subjecting States to
suit.... States can also be sued if they have consented to
suit in the plan of the Convention." PennEast, 594 U. S., at
___. We recognize that waiver today, as we
have before in PennEast and Katz.
The dissent (but not Texas) adds that Congress needed to
speak more clearly to subject Texas to suit because
USERRA could be read to incorporate state law, perhaps
including Texas' immunity laws. See post, at 5 -- 7 (opinion
of THOMAS, J.). But USERRA's text is clear: Congress
sought to authorize suits against state employers. The very
provision to which the dissent cites is entitled "Enforcement
of rights with respect to a State or private employer." 38
U. S. C.. USERRA elsewhere expressly "supersedes
any State law... that reduces, limits, or eliminates in any
manner any right or benefit provided by this chapter, in-
cluding the establishment of additional prerequisites to the
exercise of any such right or the receipt of any such benefit.". Congress' clarification that suits proceed "in a
State court of competent jurisdiction in accordance with the
laws of the State" merely addresses the fact that USERRA
suits must be brought in state (rather than federal) court.
(2). Under Supremacy Clause principles, Texas
courts may not enforce contrary state laws to block these
suits. Cf. Testa v. Katt, -- 394 (1947).
Texas and the dissent go on to suggest that the fact that
an area of law "is under the exclusive control of the Federal
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

Opinion of the Court

Government" is not alone sufficient to do away with sover-
eign immunity. Seminole Tribe, 517 U. S., at 72; see post,
at 11 -- 12. We agree. In Seminole Tribe, we held that Con-
gress could not rely on its Article I commerce powers to ab-
rogate state sovereign immunity simply because that power
was exclusive. 517 U. S., at 72. But later, in PennEast, we
found that the federal eminent domain power was " 'com-
plete in itself,' " and held that was enough to find a waiver
of sovereign immunity in the constitutional structure. 594
U. S., at ___. It thus matters to the analysis
that federal regulation of commerce (at issue in Seminole
Tribe) involves goods that, before they travel between
States or outside a tribe, are subject to regulation by a sov-
ereign other than the Federal Government (a State or
tribe). That feature of commerce arguably makes the fed-
eral regulatory power less than "complete." The dissent
takes issue with this "complete in itself " inquiry. See post,
at 21 -- 29. But its quarrel lies with PennEast, which used
the formulation we rely upon today.
In any event, the text, history, and precedent we have de-
scribed indicate that an assertion of state sovereignty to
frustrate federal prerogatives to raise and maintain mili-
tary forces would be strongly "contradictory and repugnant"
to the constitutional order. The Federalist No. 32, at 200
(A. Hamilton) (emphasis in original). Neither Seminole
Tribe nor the cases that followed it, such as Florida Pre-
paid, considered federal powers that give rise
to these same structural inferences. None of those powers
(e.g., Indian commerce, interstate commerce, or intellectual
property) is expressly denied to the States, or operates for
the benefit of the entire Nation, or proves comparably es-
sential to the survival of the Union -- itself a foundational
purpose for drafting the Constitution. See Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 30 -- 31. These factors, taken to-
gether, lead us to conclude that the results in PennEast and
Katz, not dicta in Seminole Tribe, control this case.
14 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

Opinion of the Court

The dissent makes two further points. First, it quotes
Alden v. Maine for the proposition that " 'the powers dele-
gated to Congress under Article I of the United States Con-
stitution do not include the power to subject nonconsenting
States to private suits for damages in state courts.' " Post,
at 1, 8 -- 9. But
the dissent would give this sentence more weight than it
can bear. The quoted passage appears in the introduction
to the Court's opinion, and it refers summarily to Article I's
general delegations (i.e., Congress' broad authority under
the Supremacy Clause and the Necessary and Proper
Clause). See Alden, 527 U. S., at 712; see also id., at 731 -- 
733 (discussing same). Alden did not, in this sentence or
elsewhere, suggest that there were no exceptions under
which Congress could authorize private suits against
States. In fact, Alden said the opposite. The Court ex-
pressly embraced " 'the postulate that States... shall be
immune from suits, without their consent, save where there
has been "a surrender of this immunity in the plan of the
convention." ' " Id., at 730. So, Alden made clear: "In exercising
its Article I powers Congress may subject the States to pri-
vate suits in their own courts... if there is 'compelling ev-
idence' that the States were required to surrender this
power to Congress pursuant to the Constitutional design."
527 U. S., at 730 -- 731. As we have discussed, PennEast and
Katz recognize such exceptions as to the federal eminent
domain power and the Bankruptcy Clause. And they estab-
lish the test for what constitutes "compelling evidence" of
structural waiver.
The dissent next implies that PennEast and Katz create
special rules regarding waivers of sovereign immunity in
federal courts that do not apply in state courts. See post, at
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

Opinion of the Court

9 -- 10, and, 16 -- 17, and. But those opinions' reason-
ing about our constitutional structure is not so limited, as
Alden reflects. Alden held that Article I did not, in general,
give Congress the power to set aside States' immunity from
suit in their own courts, despite the Eleventh Amendment's
silence on the subject of state courts. (The Amendment's
text refers only to federal courts -- "The Judicial power of
the United States.") Like our other state sovereign immun-
ity cases, Alden "understood the Eleventh Amendment to
stand not so much for what it says, but for the presupposi-
tion of our constitutional structure which it confirms."
Blatchford, 501 U. S., at 779; see Alden, 527 U. S., at 755
(explaining its holding is "implicit in the constitutional
principle of state sovereign immunity"). It follows that a
waiver pursuant to the plan of the Convention, as we found
in PennEast and Katz, displaces the background principles
of state sovereign immunity wherever those suits proceed.
Neither Alden nor any other case holds to the contrary.
The dissent would leave us with a constitutional struc-
ture that allows Congress to authorize private suits against
States only by abrogation under the Fourteenth Amend-
ment, by legislation under the Bankruptcy Clause (but only
for suits in federal courts), or by delegation of the federal
eminent domain power (but, again, only in federal courts).
The logic of that constitutional design is anything but clear.
Texas tries another tack to distinguish PennEast and
Katz, focusing on a technical aspect of those cases. Texas
says that both eminent domain and bankruptcy involved
in rem proceedings, which are " 'inextricably intertwined' "
with the exercise of those federal powers. See Brief for Re-
spondent 40 ); see also post, at 23 -- 24. The proceeding before us,
Texas adds, is not in rem or so intertwined. We agree, of
course, that PennEast discussed the close connection be-
tween the exercise of eminent domain and condemnation
actions. See 594 U. S., at ___ ; see also Katz,
16 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

Opinion of the Court

546 U. S., at 369 -- 372. But we read PennEast as resting on
a broader point: The Federal Government's eminent do-
main power is complete, such that no State may frustrate
its exercise by claiming immunity to forestall the transfer
of property. And that conclusion applies equally to Con-
gress' powers to raise and maintain the military.
Texas further argues that Congress cannot subject it to
suit under USERRA because there is no founding-era his-
tory of similar litigation against States. See Brief for Re-
spondent 25. But PennEast did not require any such his-
tory, as the dissent acknowledges. 594 U. S., at ___ ; see post, at 14,. Again, in PennEast, we considered the inferences that
flow from our constitutional structure and asked whether
States may, consistent with that structure, claim immunity
to frustrate federal objectives. And again, answering that
question here, we find that the States waived their immun-
ity under Article I, cls. 12 and 13.
Texas' contrary view would permit States to thwart na-
tional military readiness. We need not stray from the stat-
ute at hand to see the danger of this approach. If a State -- 
or even 25 States -- decided to protest a war by refusing to
employ returning servicemembers, Congress, on Texas' tell-
ing, would be powerless to authorize private reinstatement
suits against those States. The potentially debilitating ef-
fect on national security would not matter.
We think it does matter for a simple reason. Text, his-
tory, and precedent show that the States, in coming to-
gether to form a Union, agreed to sacrifice their sovereign
immunity for the good of the common defense.
* * *
We consequently reverse the judgment of the Texas Court
of Appeals and remand the case for further proceedings not
inconsistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

KAGAN, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 603
_________________

LE ROY TORRES, PETITIONER v. TEXAS
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF
TEXAS, THIRTEENTH DISTRICT
[June 29, 2022]

JUSTICE KAGAN, concurring.
In my view, our sovereign immunity decisions have not
followed a straight line. Two years ago, I described Katz's
"plan of the Convention" analysis as "good for one clause
only" -- i.e., Article I's Bankruptcy Clause. Allen v. Cooper,
589 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2020) ( -- 9) (hyphens
omitted); see Central Va. Community College v. Katz, -- 379 (2006). I thought then that our prece-
dents had shut the door on further Article I exceptions to
state sovereign immunity. But PennEast proved me wrong.
See PennEast Pipeline Co. v. New Jersey, 594 U. S. ___
(2021). The question there was whether the States had con-
sented in the plan of the Convention to the Federal Govern-
ment's exercise of Article I's eminent domain power, includ-
ing through private parties' suits. Relying on our prior
decisions, I concluded that the States had not so consented.
See id., at ___ -- ___ (BARRETT, J., dissenting) ( -- 
4). But the Court ruled otherwise. Using a new test, it held
that the eminent domain power was "complete in itself,"
meaning that the States had "consented to the [federal] ex-
ercise of that power in its entirety." Id., at ___. The question today, given PennEast, is whether the
same is true of the war powers. Were those powers also
"complete in themselves," so that the States likewise con-
sented to congressionally authorized private litigation?
2 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

KAGAN, J., concurring

The answer is yes, as the Court holds. Much more than
eminent domain, war powers lie at the heart of the Conven-
tion's plan. The overriding goal of the Convention was "to
create a cohesive national sovereign in response to the fail-
ings of the Articles of Confederation." Ibid. And among
those failings, none was more important than "the want of
power in Congress to raise an army and the dependence
upon the States" to provide armed forces. Selective Draft
Law Cases, (1918). For that reason, the
war powers -- more than any other power, and surely more
than eminent domain -- were "complete in themselves."
They were given by the States, entirely and exclusively, to
the Federal Government. See ante, at 7 -- 12; U. S. Const.,
Art. I, cls. 11 -- 16, cls. 1, 3. PennEast's analysis thus
compels today's result. In setting out the "complete in it-
self " test, the Court there answered the question here: At
the Convention, the States waived their sovereign immun-
ity to any suit Congress authorized under the war powers.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

THOMAS, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 603
_________________

LE ROY TORRES, PETITIONER v. TEXAS
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF
TEXAS, THIRTEENTH DISTRICT
[June 29, 2022]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE ALITO, JUSTICE
GORSUCH, and JUSTICE BARRETT join, dissenting.
More than two decades ago, this Court found it "difficult
to conceive that the Constitution would have been adopted
if it had been understood to strip the States of immunity
from suit in their own courts and cede to the Federal Gov-
ernment a power to subject nonconsenting States to private
suits in these fora." Alden v. Maine, 
(1999). Accordingly, we held -- without qualification -- that
"the powers delegated to Congress under Article I of the
United States Constitution do not include the power to sub-
ject nonconsenting States to private suits for damages in
state courts." Id., at 712.
No longer. Today, by adopting contrived interpretations
of Alden and the recent decision in PennEast Pipeline Co. v.
New Jersey, 594 U. S. ___ (2021), the Court holds that at
least two (and perhaps more) Article I "war powers" do, in
fact, include "the power to subject nonconsenting States to
private suits for damages in state courts," Alden, 527 U. S.,
at 712, and that Congress has exercised that power by en-
acting the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemploy-
ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA), 38 U. S. C. et
seq. Alden should have squarely foreclosed that holding.
As the Court there already explained, constitutional text,
2 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

history, and precedent all show that when the States rati-
fied the Constitution, they did not implicitly consent to pri-
vate damages actions filed in their own courts -- whether
authorized by Congress' war powers or any other Article I
power. Because the Court today holds otherwise, I respect-
fully dissent.
I
After declaring independence, the former Colonies "con-
sidered themselves fully sovereign nations." Franchise Tax
Bd. of Cal. v. Hyatt, 587 U. S. ___, ___ (2019).
And, when the States ratified the Constitution, "they en-
tered the Union 'with their sovereignty intact,' " Federal
Maritime Comm'n v. South Carolina Ports Authority, (2002) ), retaining "a substan-
tial portion of the Nation's primary sovereignty, together
with the dignity and essential attributes inhering in that
status," Alden, 527 U. S., at 714.
" 'An integral component' of the States' sovereignty was
'their immunity from private suits' " absent consent. Fran-
chise Tax Bd., 587 U. S., at ___. That "doc-
trine... was universal in the States when the Constitution
was drafted and ratified," Alden, 527 U. S., at 715 -- 716; see
also Hans v. Louisiana, (1890), because
"[t]he generation that designed and adopted our federal sys-
tem considered immunity from private suits central to sov-
ereign dignity," 527 U. S., at 715; see also, e.g., Federal
Maritime Comm'n, 535 U. S., at 760. In fact, sovereign im-
munity was so important that "[t]he Constitution never
would have been ratified if the States and their courts were
to be stripped of their sovereign authority except as ex-
pressly provided by the Constitution itself." Atascadero
State Hospital v. Scanlon, (1985);
see also Ex parte New York, (1921);
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Alden, 527 U. S., at 716.
Although States generally retained their immunity from
suit, "in ratifying the Constitution, [they] did surrender a
portion of their inherent immunity." Federal Maritime
Comm'n, 535 U. S., at 752. As Alexander Hamilton ex-
plained in The Federalist, sovereign immunity was part of
"the general sense and the general practice of mankind,"
and the Constitution therefore left it "with the States" un-
less they had "surrender[ed]" some portion "of this immun-
ity in the plan of the convention." The Federalist No. 81,
pp. 487 -- 488 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961); see also Hans, 134 U. S.,
at 13; Alden, 527 U. S., at 755.
During the Nation's first 200 years, this Court recognized
only two instances in which the States had surrendered
their sovereign immunity in the constitutional plan, both of
which involved suits prosecuted by other sovereigns. The
States had agreed to be sued by other States in this Court,
see Principality of Monaco v. Mississippi, 
(1934), and by the United States in federal court, see United
States v. Texas, -- 645 (1892); Franchise
Tax Bd., 587 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 10). When it
came to private litigation, however, this Court long main-
tained that "the Framers thought it an impermissible af-
front to a State's dignity to be required to answer the com-
plaints of private parties in federal courts," Federal
Maritime Comm'n, 535 U. S., at 760, and that "the Conven-
tion did not disturb States' immunity from private suits,"
id., at 752.
Nevertheless, in the last two decades, the Court has rec-
ognized two surrenders of sovereign immunity in cases im-
plicating private parties. First, in Central Va. Community
College v. Katz, (2006), this Court held that
States waived immunity against the federal discharge of
debts when they ratified the Bankruptcy Clause. And, in
PennEast, 594 U. S. ___, it held that States waived immun-
ity against condemnation proceedings brought by private
4 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

parties to whom the Federal Government has delegated its
eminent domain power. Taken together, Katz and Penn-
East centered on whether or not the plan of the Conven-
tion -- i.e., the Constitution itself -- required States to sur-
render their sovereign immunity. See Katz, 546 U. S., at
379; PennEast, 594 U. S., at ___.
These cases contrast with those that involve congres-
sional "abrogation" of state sovereign immunity. Abroga-
tion rests on some "statement Congress ha[s] made on the
subject of state sovereign immunity." Katz, 546 U. S., at
378 -- 379. Specifically, we have held that Congress must en-
act "unequivocal statutory language" abrogating States' im-
munity. Seminole Tribe of Fla. v. Florida, 
(1996). That said, the
line between "plan-of-the-Convention waiver" and "congres-
sional abrogation" is a murky one. Both inquiries ask the
same basic question: whether Congress has authorized suit
against a nonconsenting State pursuant to "a valid exercise
of constitutional authority." Kimel v. Florida Bd. of Re-
gents, (2000); see also Katz, 546 U. S., at
379 (asking whether Congress' decision to bind States to
discharge orders in bankruptcy proceedings is "within the
scope of its power to enact 'Laws on the subject of Bank-
ruptcies' "). And both inquiries center on "history, practice,
precedent, and the structure of the Constitution," Alden,
527 U. S., at 741, to determine whether the Constitution ei-
ther grants authority to Congress to abrogate immunity or
strips States of their immunity on its own.
The parties agree that this case involves only plan-of-the-
Convention waiver. Thus, the question presented is
whether, in ratifying the Constitution, the States surren-
dered their immunity in their own courts against private
damages actions authorized by Congress' war powers.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

THOMAS, J., dissenting

II
In answering that question, the Court discounts two im-
portant points. First, it creates a constitutional problem by
adopting a questionable interpretation of USERRA that as-
sumes Congress intended to legislate with indifference to
States' state-law immunity. Second, the Court cannot es-
cape the fact that Alden already answered the question pre-
sented and held that the States did not surrender their
state-court immunity when ratifying Article I of the Consti-
tution.
A
When it was originally enacted, USERRA authorized cov-
ered employees to sue States in federal district court. See
38 U. S. C. (1994 ed.). In 1996, this Court decided
Seminole Tribe, holding that Congress could not abrogate
state sovereign immunity in federal courts using its Article
I powers. See 517 U. S., at 72 -- 73. In response to Seminole
Tribe, Congress amended USERRA in 1998, and the statute
now provides: "In the case of an action against a State (as
an employer) by a person, the action may be brought in a
State court of competent jurisdiction in accordance with the
laws of the State." (2).
USERRA's requirement that employee damages actions
be "in accordance with the laws of the State" would seem to
include a State's "laws" that render it immune from suit in
the State's own courts, as well as any "laws" that expressly
waive such immunity. See, e.g., Tex. Govt. Code Ann..034 (West 2013); Prairie View A & M Univ. v. Chatha,
381 S. W. 3d 500, 512 (Tex. 2012). In other words, there is
nothing in the text of USERRA necessarily implying that
Congress intended to require nonconsenting States to de-
fend themselves in their own courts.1 The Court, however,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 To be sure, if USERRA authorizes suits in state courts only "in ac-

cordance with the laws of the State," the ability to bring such actions
would vary by State -- some States would consent to suit, others would
6 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

breezes past USERRA's language to conclude that the stat-
ute "authoriz[es] private litigation against noncompliant
state employers that do not wish to consent to suit." Ante,
at 4.2
To be clear, I am not disputing whether USERRA speaks
clearly enough to express a congressional intent to "abro-
gate" the States' sovereign immunity in their own courts;
plan-of-the-Convention waiver asks whether the States
surrendered that immunity when the Constitution was rat-
ified and thus "agreed... not to assert that immunity" in
particular contexts. Katz, 546 U. S., at 373. But even if the
Constitution itself partially strips state sovereign immun-
ity, it would still fall to Congress to decide whether, and on
what terms, to render States amenable to suit, or to permit
States to assert immunity. Cf. id., at 379 ("Congress may,
at its option, either treat States in the same way as other

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
not, and still others would be amenable to suit under the Supremacy
Clause because their state courts were authorized to hear analogous
state-law actions against the State. See, e.g., Testa v. Katt, (1947). But there is nothing strange about that lack of uni-
formity; in fact, a House Subcommittee considering the effect of Seminole
Tribe of Fla. v. Florida, (1996), on USERRA heard testimony
suggesting that might be how things worked if covered employees sued
in state courts. See Hearing on USERRA et al. before the Subcommittee
on Education, Training, Employment and Housing of the House Commit-
tee on Veterans' Affairs, 104th Cong., 2d Sess., 90 (1996) (explaining that
"the rights of state employees to recover under the USERRA might vary
from state to state").
2 The Court invokes 38 U. S. C. to bolster its interpretation of, see ante, at 12, but that provision supersedes only those state laws
that abridge the "right[s]" and "benefit[s]" defined in..
Those "rights and benefits" are "all substantive rights"; they do not "deal
with the procedure or process for enforcing those rights and benefits."
Wysocki v. International Bus. Machine Corp., 607 F. 3d 1102, 1106 -- 1107
(CA6 2010). Meanwhile, clearly applies to procedure and process
and its plain text -- "in accordance with the laws of the State" -- gives no
hint that Congress meant to supersede state laws governing state sover-
eign immunity in state courts.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

THOMAS, J., dissenting

creditors insofar as concerns 'Laws on the subject of Bank-
ruptcies' or exempt them from the operation of such laws").
The Court should not casually consider the constitution-
ality of USERRA's supposed subjection of nonconsenting
States to damages actions in state court when it is not clear
the statute does any such thing. By doing so, the Court
gives short shrift to the "well-established principle govern-
ing the prudent exercise of this Court's jurisdiction that
normally the Court will not decide a constitutional question
if there is some other ground upon which to dispose of the
case." Northwest Austin Municipal Util. Dist. No. One v.
Holder, (2009).
B
Having interpreted USERRA to render nonconsenting
States amenable to suit, the Court goes on to distinguish
Alden v. Maine without any plausible basis for doing so. In
truth, Alden directly controls this case.
In Alden, a group of private plaintiffs sued the State of
Maine in state court, invoking a private cause of action cre-
ated by the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). See 527
U. S., at 711 -- 712. The question presented was "whether
Congress has the power, under Article I, to subject noncon-
senting States to private suits in their own courts." Id., at
730. In a detailed opinion, the Court in Alden held -- with-
out qualification -- that the States had not consented in the
plan of the Convention to any congressionally created pri-
vate damages actions in state court.
To begin, Alden framed its inquiry around plan-of-the-
Convention waiver, not congressional abrogation: "In exer-
cising its Article I powers Congress may subject the States
to private suits in their own courts only if there is compel-
ling evidence that the States were required to surrender this
power to Congress pursuant to the constitutional design" -- 
8 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

i.e., in the plan of the Convention. Id., at 730 -- 731 (empha-
sis added; internal quotation marks omitted); see also ante,
at 4. In determining whether such evidence existed, Alden
began with the text of the Constitution. See 527 U. S., at
731. It recognized that Article I, "grants... Congress
broad powers to enact legislation in several enumerated ar-
eas of national concern" -- including, of course, the war pow-
ers. Ibid. But neither the breadth of those powers nor their
connection to "areas of national concern" sufficed to show
that States ratified the Constitution with the understand-
ing that they had surrendered to Congress any power to au-
thorize private damages actions against them in their own
courts. See id., at 731 -- 733.
Alden spoke emphatically and categorically when ex-
plaining why the States had effected no such surrender. We
found it telling that "no one, not even the Constitution's
most ardent opponents, suggested the document might
strip the States of the[ir] immunity" from suit "in their own
courts." Id., at 741. That was likely because "the sover-
eign's right to assert immunity from suit in its own courts
was a principle so well established that no one conceived it
would be altered by the new Constitution." Ibid.. We explained how the founding generation's con-
cern that "Article III might be used to circumvent state-
court immunity" counseled against "infer[ring] that the
Constitution stripped the States of immunity in their own
courts and allowed Congress to subject them to suit there."
Id., at 743. Rather, in light of the historical record, we
found it "difficult to conceive that the Constitution would
have been adopted if it had been understood to strip the
States of immunity from suit in their own courts and cede
to the Federal Government a power to subject nonconsent-
ing States to private suits in these fora." Ibid.
Importantly, the scope of Alden's holding was broad: "We
hold that the powers delegated to Congress under Article I
of the United States Constitution do not include the power
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

THOMAS, J., dissenting

to subject nonconsenting States to private suits for dam-
ages in state courts." Id., at 712; see also id., at 754. That
holding plainly applied to all Article I powers. Thus, we did
not engage in a clause-by-clause parsing of Article I's vari-
ous powers, nor did we even mention which Article I power
authorized the FLSA. It did not matter because the States
would not have surrendered to Congress any of the immun-
ity they enjoyed in their own courts.
Finally, concluding its analysis, Alden contrasted the
States' amenability to suit "by the United States on behalf
of the employees" with a suit "by the employees" them-
selves, holding that "history, precedent, and the structure
of the Constitution make clear that, under the plan of the
Convention, the States have consented to suits of the first
kind but not of the second." Id., at 759 -- 760.3 The question that Alden answered plainly em-
braces the one that the Court answers today. And there is
no serious dispute that Alden's explicit holding is irrecon-
cilable with the Court's holding here.
* * *
Until today, Alden meant what it said. Both Katz and
PennEast considered plan-of-the-Convention waivers appli-
cable to federal, not state, court. See Katz, 546 U. S., at 360;
PennEast, 594 U. S., at ___. Nothing in those

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Court ignores all of this and instead invokes inapposite language

elsewhere in Alden. For instance, the Court emphasizes that Alden ex-
pressly recognized " 'the postulate that States... shall be immune from
suits, without their consent, save where there has been "a surrender of
this immunity in the plan of the convention." ' " Ante, at 14. That is true enough, but beside the point. After stat-
ing this "postulate," Alden exhaustively evaluated constitutional history,
precedent, and structure and expressly held that the States, "under the
plan of the Convention,... have [not] consented to suits" filed by private
individuals in state court. Id., at 759 -- 760.
10 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

decisions, therefore, undermined Alden's categorical hold-
ing.4 It is only the Court's holding today that does so. I
would adhere to Alden and reaffirm that the States did not
surrender the immunity applicable in their own courts
when they delegated the enumerated powers -- including
the war powers -- to Congress in Article I. And, because
Torres has not invoked a waiver of immunity under state
law, I would affirm the judgment of the Texas Court of Ap-
peals.
III
Even if Alden's holding were not alone dispositive, thus
requiring us to consider our "plan of the Convention" prec-
edents applicable to private actions in federal court, I would
still conclude that the States have not waived their immun-
ity to private damages actions authorized by the war pow-
ers.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Court asserts that "those opinions' reasoning... is not so lim-

ited" to render them inapplicable to state courts. Ante, at 15. But the
reasoning in Katz is necessarily limited to federal courts, given that fed-
eral district courts have "original and exclusive jurisdiction" over all
bankruptcy proceedings under Title 11. 28 U. S. C.. Nor is it
probable that PennEast silently carved an exception from Alden's cate-
gorical rule. The Framers did not even think to address state sovereign
immunity in state courts because "the sovereign's right to assert immun-
ity from suit in its own courts was a principle so well established that no
one conceived it would be altered by the new Constitution." Alden, 527
U. S., at 741. We should not read PennEast to establish, without discus-
sion, something inconceivable to the founding generation. See 527 U. S.,
at 743.
Similarly unconvincing is the Court's assumption that "waiver pursu-
ant to the plan of the Convention," necessarily "displaces the background
principles of state sovereign immunity wherever those suits proceed."
Ante, at 15. For instance, we have held that "the only forums in which
the States have consented to suits by one another and by the Federal
Government are Article III courts." Franchise Tax Bd. of Cal. v. Hyatt,
587 U. S. ___, ___ (2019). A surrender
of immunity in federal court therefore does not necessarily translate to a
surrender of immunity in state court.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Our settled test for plan-of-the-Convention waiver is a
stringent one: We cannot infer a waiver of sovereign im-
munity unless there is "compelling evidence that the
Founders thought such a surrender inherent in the consti-
tutional compact." Blatchford, 501 U. S., at 781; see also
Alden, 527 U. S., at 731. "Compelling evidence" of this sort
includes "evidence of the original understanding of the Con-
stitution," id., at 741, "early congressional practice," id., at
743, "the structure of the Constitution" itself, id., at 748,
and the "theory and reasoning of our earlier cases," id., at
745; see also id., at 754.
Applying this test, it is clear that the States did not im-
plicitly agree to surrender their state-court immunity
against congressional exercises of the war powers.
A
Torres claims (and the Court agrees) that the original un-
derstanding of the Constitution's text implies that the
States agreed to surrender their immunity against private
actions authorized by Congress' "war powers," which in-
clude eight powers enumerated in Article I, along with
the Necessary and Proper Clause. See Brief for Petitioner
4 (invoking Art. I, cls. 1, 10 -- 16, 18); see also ante, at 7
(listing Art. I, cls. 1, 11 -- 16). In support of that argu-
ment, Torres and the Court point out that the war powers
delegated to Congress are sweeping, and that Article I, expressly and completely divests States of various war-re-
lated powers. See ante, at 7 -- 8; Brief for Petitioner 24. This
argument falters on at least two fronts.
First, Seminole Tribe long ago explained that the breadth
and exclusivity of a federal power does not authorize Con-
gress to subject nonconsenting States to private damages
actions. Seminole Tribe involved a federal cause of action
created pursuant to Congress' authority under the Indian
Commerce Clause, see 517 U. S., at 60, which this Court
has said grants Congress " 'plenary and exclusive' " "powers
12 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

to legislate in respect to Indian tribes," United States v.
Lara, (2004). Although Seminole Tribe
recognized that States had been "divested of virtually all
authority over Indian commerce and Indian tribes," 517
U. S., at 62, the Court nonetheless held that "state sover-
eign immunity... is not so ephemeral as to dissipate when
the subject of the suit is an area... that is under the exclu-
sive control of the Federal Government," id., at 72. That
"the Constitution vests in Congress complete lawmaking
authority over a particular area," we explained, does not
implicitly authorize Congress to abrogate immunity with
respect to that power. Ibid.5
Nor is the answer different when the exclusive federal ex-
ercise of a particular power is reinforced by an explicit di-
vestment of state authority under Article I,. Our prec-
edents teach that whenever a power is "exercised
exclusively by Congress, the subject is as completely taken
from the State Legislatures, as if they had been expressly
forbidden to act on it." Sturges v. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat.
122, 193 (1819) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). Whether or not a prohibition on state power also
appears in Article I, is irrelevant when deciding
whether the Constitution has granted Congress power to
subject nonconsenting States to private suits.
Second, even if express textual divestment of state power
were relevant, Torres and the Court incorrectly conclude
that the specific divestments listed in Article I, "pro-
vide strong evidence" supporting "a complete delegation of
authority to the Federal Government to provide for the com-
mon defense." Ante, at 7. States obviously have no author-
ity to take certain actions specified in Article I,. They
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 It is true that Seminole Tribe purportedly addressed congressional

abrogation of sovereign immunity, rather than plan-of-the-Convention
waiver. But its logic applies equally to the latter context, especially given
the murky line that our precedents draw between the two concepts. See
supra, at 4.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

THOMAS, J., dissenting

cannot, for example, "keep Troops, or Ships of War in time
of Peace... unless actually invaded, or in such imminent
Danger as will not admit of delay" without the consent of
Congress. Art. I, cl. 3. But to say that Congress' much
more general authority to "raise and support Armies," Art.
I, cl. 12, acts to completely derogate all state authority
related to the subject is inaccurate.
States have significant residual police powers that over-
lap with Congress' power over the military. For example,
we have sustained state legislation related to the enlist-
ment of men in the U. S. Army and Navy against the charge
that " 'all power of legislation regarding the subject matter... is conferred upon Congress and withheld from the
States.' " Gilbert v. Minnesota, -- 328
(1920). In doing so, we rejected the idea "that a State has
no interest or concern in the United States or its armies or
power of protecting them from public enemies," and es-
chewed any "[c]old and technical reasoning" that "insist[s]
on a separation of the sovereignties" in the army-raising
context. Id., at 328 -- 329. Similarly, we have held that
"there is no clause of the Constitution which purports, un-
aided by Congressional enactment, to prohibit" States from
exercising their police powers in ways that arguably burden
Congress' "power to raise and support armies." Penn Dair-
ies, Inc. v. Milk Control Comm'n of Pa., 
(1943). Nor have we "implied from the relationship of the
two governments established by the Constitution" any such
prohibition. Ibid. State regulations "inevitably impos[e]
some burdens on the national government," but those are
the "normal incidents of the operation within the same ter-
ritory of a dual system of government," and they may per-
sist "save as Congress may act to remove them." Id., at 271.
Therefore, even though the Army and Navy Clauses grant
Congress "exclusive" authority over raising and supporting
armies and navies, that exclusivity is no different from that
which attends any other Article I power.
14 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

To nonetheless find plan-of-the-Convention waiver, as
Torres proposes and the Court accepts, is to hold that a con-
gressional power to pre-empt state law alone demonstrates
a State's surrender of sovereign immunity. That line of rea-
soning, apart from being foreclosed by Seminole Tribe,
proves too much. The upshot is that the States would have
consented in the plan of the Convention to surrender their
immunity against the exercise of any Article I power. Be-
cause such a result is a dramatic departure from our prece-
dents, and the power granted to Congress under the Army
and Navy Clauses does not displace state regulation any
more readily or completely than other Article I powers,
these arguments from constitutional text provide no sound
basis for authorizing private actions against nonconsenting
States.
B
Constitutional history and practice do Torres and the
Court no better. To begin, we must view the historical evi-
dence in light of the "presumption that no anomalous and
unheard-of proceedings or suits were intended to be raised
up by the Constitution." Hans, 134 U. S., at 18; see also
Alden, 527 U. S., at 727. Applying that presumption, the
Court in the past has "attribute[d] great significance" to the
absence of analogous suits "at the time of the founding or
for many years thereafter." Federal Maritime Comm'n, 535
U. S., at 755.6 Moreover, the presumption is arguably at its
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 It is true that the Court in PennEast Pipeline Co. v. New Jersey, 594

U. S. ___ (2021), found plan-of-the-Convention waiver even in "the ab-
sence of a perfect historical analogue" to private condemnation suits by
federal delegatees against States. Id., at ___. But
PennEast excused this absence of historically analogous actions because
it refused to "divorce the eminent domain power from the power to bring
condemnation actions," given that "the eminent domain power is inextri-
cably intertwined with the ability to condemn," and "the federal eminent
domain power was a means that was 'known and appropriate' at the time
of the founding." Id., at ___ -- ___, ___ ( -- 17, 19). Thus, the
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

THOMAS, J., dissenting

strongest here, for private damages actions were precisely
"the type of proceedings from which the Framers would
have thought the States possessed immunity." Id., at 756.
The Framers would have "thought it an impermissible af-
front to a State's dignity" to require it "to defend itself in an
adversarial proceeding against a private party." Id., at
760 -- 761.
To overcome that presumption, Torres and the Court in-
voke some historical sources that generally discuss the
scope and importance of Congress' war-related powers. See
Brief for Petitioner 26 -- 37; ante, at 8 -- 9. But virtually none
of them addresses directly the central question here:
whether the States understood that they had surrendered
their sovereign immunity from suit in their own courts
when delegating those powers to Congress. Instead, the
founding-era history is largely silent on this question, and
that "silence is most instructive" in confirming that "no one
conceived that [state sovereign immunity] would be altered
by the new Constitution['s]" distribution of war powers.
Alden, 527 U. S., at 741. "[T]he Founders' silence is best
explained by the simple fact that no one... suggested the
document might strip the States of [their] immunity" under
the war powers. Ibid.
More specifically, Torres (but not the Court) points to the
1783 Treaty of Paris. He maintains that private actions
would not have been anomalous to the Founders because
they expected British creditors to sue States under the
treaty in order to collect on their debts. See Brief for Peti-
tioner 27 -- 31. But it is not likely that the Founders did, in
fact, expect foreign creditor suits against States; "it is more
likely that they expected creditors to sue their individual

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
PennEast holding turned on the unique connection between the eminent
domain power, the ability to initiate condemnation proceedings, and the
long history of Congress delegating its eminent domain to private par-
ties. See also infra, at 19 -- 20.
16 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

debtors and rely on the Treaty to defeat any state law de-
fenses." B. Clark, The Eleventh Amendment and the Na-
ture of the Union, 123 Harv. L. Rev. 1817, 1910 (2010). And
when the Eleventh Amendment was adopted "to restore the
original constitutional design" after Chisholm v. Georgia, 2
Dall. 419 (1793), Alden, 527 U. S., at 722, Congress refused
"to make an exception for cases arising under treaties made
under the authority of the United States," id., at 721 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). "Congress' refusal to modify
the text of the Eleventh Amendment to create an exception
to sovereign immunity for cases arising under treaties" sug-
gests that the States' immunity from private-party litiga-
tion extended even to treaty-based claims. Id., at 735; see
also D. Currie, The Constitution in Congress: The Federal-
ist Period 1789 -- 1801, p. 197 (1997).
Early congressional practice accords with the Framers'
assumption that Congress could not use any Article I power
to subject the States to private damages actions in their
own courts. In fact, we already have "discovered no in-
stance in which [early Congresses] purported to authorize
suits against nonconsenting States in [state courts]."
Alden, 527 U. S., at 744. Contrasted against the numerous
statutes authorizing other federal suits in state courts, it
"appears early Congresses did not believe they had the
power to authorize private suits against the States in their
own courts." Ibid.
C
Constitutional structure also cuts decisively against in-
ferring a surrender of state sovereign immunity in this con-
text. See id., at 748 -- 754.
First and most fundamentally, all private suits against
nonconsenting States present " 'the indignity of subjecting
a State to the coercive process of judicial tribunals at the
instance of private parties.' " Id., at 749 ). USERRA's cause of action
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 17

THOMAS, J., dissenting

is uniquely offensive to the States' dignity because it pur-
ports "to press a State's own courts into federal service to
coerce the other branches of the State," thereby "turn[ing]
the State against itself " and "commandeer[ing] the entire
political machinery of the State against its will and at the
behest of individuals." Alden, 527 U. S., at 749. That kind
of "plenary federal control of state governmental processes
denigrates the separate sovereignty of the States." Ibid.
Second, congressional authorization of private damages
actions "threaten[s] the financial integrity of the States."
Id., at 750. It can "create staggering burdens" and give
"Congress a power and a leverage over the States that is not
contemplated by our constitutional design." Ibid.
Third, representative government itself is jeopardized
when "deliberation by the political process established by
the citizens of the State" is replaced with "judicial decree
mandated by the Federal Government and invoked by the
private citizen." Id., at 751. Political accountability -- "es-
sential to our liberty and republican form of government" -- 
breaks down when "the Federal Government asserts au-
thority over a State's most fundamental political pro-
cesses." Ibid.7
Notwithstanding these countervailing structural con-
cerns, both Torres and the Court think that constitutional
structure supports finding plan-of-the-Convention waiver
because confirming States' sovereign immunity in their
own courts would supposedly threaten the Federal Govern-
ment's "power to wage war successfully" and jeopardize the
Nation's safety. Ante, at 11 ; internal quotation marks
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 These unique structural dangers posed by granting the Federal Gov-

ernment authority to turn the State against itself again show why the
Court errs in concluding that precedents concerning plan-of-the-Conven-
tion waivers applicable to suits in federal court necessarily support waiv-
ers of immunity from suit in state court. See ante, at 15; see also supra,
at 10,.
18 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

omitted); Brief for Petitioner 26. But this argument con-
flates the preservation of state sovereign immunity with a
license to interfere with federal warmaking. As we already
cautioned in Alden, "The constitutional privilege of a State
to assert its sovereign immunity in its own courts does not
confer upon the State a concomitant right to disregard the
Constitution or valid federal law." 527 U. S., at 754 -- 755.
For example, the Court notes that early Congresses "es-
tablished military bonuses to reward service, even requir-
ing Virginia to give land to some Revolutionary War offic-
ers." Ante, at 9.8 It asks, incredulously, "Could Virginia have refused
to go along?" Ante, at 9. But that question is a non sequitur.
No one disputes "the supremacy of federal power in the area
of military affairs." Perpich v. Department of Defense, (1990). Instead, all agree that the United
States could lawfully sue Virginia in federal court to secure
an injunction requiring it to comply with federal law. In
fact, USERRA already authorizes suits by the United
States to enforce USERRA's requirements. (1).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The Court's characterization of the Act of Aug. 10, 1790, as "requiring

Virginia to give land to some Revolutionary War officers" "at the expense
of state sovereignty," ante, at 9, is deeply misleading. Virginia had ceded
the relevant lands to the United States in 1784, but conditionally re-
served some of it for the State's Revolutionary War soldiers. See Wallace
v. Parker, 6 Pet. 680, 687 (1832) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). The
1790 Act opened up the ceded land to those soldiers, and provided that
the Secretary of War would send the Virginia Governor the names of
those soldiers who were entitled to the land under Virginia law. See,
1 Stat. 183. The 1790 Act also provided that the land would be surveyed,
that the Executive Branch would draw up land patents for eligible sol-
diers, and that the Secretary of State would transmit those patents to
the Virginia Governor who would, in turn, deliver the patents to the
grantees. See -- 6, id., at 183 -- 184. At most, the 1790 Act required the
Virginia Governor only to deliver advantageous federal land patents to
the State's own soldiers. How that statute was enacted "at the expense
of state sovereignty," ante, at 9, is beyond me.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 19

THOMAS, J., dissenting

And even if private suits were necessary to enforce the fed-
eral scheme, individuals could still sue in equity to enjoin
state officials from violating federal law, see Ex parte
Young, (1908), or, if Congress authorizes it,
pursue damages actions against such state officials in their
individual capacities, see, e.g., Rev. Stat., 42 U. S. C.. Ultimately, if the Court reaffirmed Texas' sovereign
immunity, "[e]stablished rules provide ample means to cor-
rect ongoing violations of law and to vindicate the interests
which animate the Supremacy Clause." Alden, 527 U. S.,
at 757.
D
Finally, our precedents do not support finding a surren-
der of state sovereign immunity here. As explained above,
Alden is the most on-point precedent -- and, in fact, our only
recent precedent discussing States' immunity from suit in
their own courts. It therefore disposes of this case. Neither
Katz nor PennEast supports a different result.
Katz found plan-of-the-Convention waiver based on the
"singular nature" of bankruptcy jurisdiction and "the Bank-
ruptcy Clause's unique history." 546 U. S., at 369,. As
the Court later explained, Katz "viewed bankruptcy as on a
different plane, governed by principles all its own," and
nothing in its analysis "invites the kind of general, clause-
by-clause reexamination of Article I" that the Court en-
dorses today. Allen v. Cooper, 589 U. S. ___, ___ (2020).
For its part, PennEast emphasized several factors unique
to the eminent domain context. First, PennEast discussed
the Federal Government's long history of exercising the
power of eminent domain -- including its delegation of that
power to private parties to take property within state
boundaries. See 594 U. S., at ___. Here, there
is a long history showing that the Federal Government ex-
ercised its war powers, but there is no comparable history
20 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

of the Federal Government using those powers to impose
financial liabilities on States enforceable by private parties.
Nor is there any evidence demonstrating that any kind of
judicial proceedings -- let alone private damages actions -- 
are "inextricably intertwined" with the war powers in the
way that judicial condemnation actions are intertwined
with eminent domain. See supra, at 14 -- 15,.
Second, PennEast emphasized that the Constitution
vests the Federal Government " 'with full and complete
power to execute and carry out its purposes' " -- including
the power of eminent domain -- and that history shows that
the Government may exercise that sovereign power
through private delegatees. 594 U. S., at ___. Here, there is no argument that employees granted a
cause of action under USERRA are "delegatees" of the war
powers in any meaningful sense.
Third, PennEast reasoned that recognizing New Jersey's
immunity claim would require federal delegatees to take
state property, thereby forcing States to file inverse con-
demnation actions for just compensation. See id., at ___. The Court did not think that kind of ar-
rangement "would vindicate the principles underlying state
sovereign immunity," including the principle of affording
States "the respect owed them as joint sovereigns." Ibid.. Here, by contrast,
there is no sense in which confirming Texas' immunity
would similarly undermine the principles underlying that
immunity.
* * *
In the end, the "history, practice, precedent, and the
structure of the Constitution" all demonstrate that States
did not surrender their sovereign immunity in their own
courts when Congress legislates pursuant to one of its war
powers. Alden, 527 U. S., at 741, 754.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 21

THOMAS, J., dissenting

IV
The Court nevertheless holds that States surrendered
their sovereign immunity for any congressional causes of
action passed pursuant to Article I's Army and Navy
Clauses. Ante, at 11 -- 12.9 To reach that conclusion, the
Court adopts a test that even Torres did not press. Relying
exclusively on PennEast, the Court maintains that plan-of-
the-Convention waiver distills to a single question: whether
the federal power at issue is " 'complete in itself.' " Ante, at
6 ). If
so, then the States have surrendered their sovereign im-
munity against any exercises of that power. After framing
the inquiry this way, the Court concludes that because Con-
gress' "power to build and maintain the Armed Forces" is
" 'complete in itself,' " States necessarily relinquished their
sovereign immunity against private damages actions au-
thorized by that power. Ante, at 6, 11.
In my view, the Court is asking the wrong question. It
unjustifiably asserts that the entire plan-of-the-Convention
inquiry rests on whether a power is "complete in itself."
Further, its "complete in itself " standard misreads Penn-
East, which suggested only that because the federal emi-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 Although the Court lists the panoply of congressional "war powers"

that Torres invokes, see ante, at 7, it appears to limit its holding today
only to the Army and Navy Clauses, see ante, at 11 -- 12. In addition, alt-
hough the Court's "complete in itself " inquiry is unsound, see infra, at
22 -- 29, its opinion at least suggests that plan-of-the-Convention waiver
may be found only if (1) the Constitution includes "many broad, interre-
lated provisions" delegating the relevant power to the Federal Govern-
ment, ante, at 7; (2) the Constitution expressly "divests the States of like
power" in Article I, ante, at 7; and (3) the power at issue is "essential
to the survival of the Union" and is "itself a foundational purpose" for
abandoning the Articles of Confederation and "drafting the Constitu-
tion," ante, at 13. Until the Court jettisons this erroneous decision from
its doctrine, plan-of-the-Convention waiver would appear to exist only
under those circumstances.
22 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

nent domain power was "complete in itself " and, by its na-
ture, "inextricably intertwined" with judicial condemnation
proceedings, States surrendered any sovereign immunity
that would otherwise render the eminent domain power in-
complete. PennEast, 594 U. S., at ___. By
saddling "completeness" with more analytical weight than
it can bear, the Court has devised a method that has the
certainty and objectivity of a Rorschach test. Beyond its
inconsistency with PennEast, this contrivance also threat-
ens to rework or erase the Court's prevailing sovereign im-
munity jurisprudence.
A
The sentence in PennEast upon which the Court fabri-
cates its test for plan-of-the-Convention waiver reads as fol-
lows: "[T]he federal eminent domain power is 'complete in
itself,' and the States consented to the exercise of that
power -- in its entirety -- in the plan of the Convention." 594
U. S., at ___ ; citation omitted). The Court today
claims that this sentence in PennEast reduced our decades-
old State sovereign immunity jurisprudence to merely ask-
ing whether a federal power is "complete in itself." That
cannot be correct.
The Court in PennEast borrowed the "complete in itself "
idea from Kohl, which had approved the Federal Govern-
ment's condemnation of private land to build a post office in
Cincinnati, Ohio. 91 U. S., at 373 -- 374. Although the Fed-
eral Government had relied on Ohio's eminent domain
power, rather than its own, Kohl made clear that the Fed-
eral Government's authority to condemn land did not de-
pend upon state law. In doing so, Kohl stated that "[i]f the
United States have the [eminent domain] power, it must be
complete in itself." Id., at 374. "It can neither be enlarged
nor diminished by a State. Nor can any State prescribe the
manner in which it must be exercised. The consent of a
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 23

THOMAS, J., dissenting

State can never be a condition precedent to its enjoyment."
Ibid.
Before PennEast, the phrase "complete in itself " never
appeared in our modern state sovereign immunity prece-
dents. PennEast itself invoked the concept for one purpose:
to reject the contention that one could "[s]eparat[e] the em-
inent domain power from the power to condemn" -- i.e., to
disaggregate those "inextricably intertwined" powers -- 
when determining whether the history of federal eminent
domain supported finding a waiver of state sovereign im-
munity. 594 U. S., at ___. According to
PennEast, to deprive the Federal Government of a power to
condemn property in judicial proceedings brought by pri-
vate delegatees would be tantamount to depriving the Gov-
ernment of part of the eminent domain power itself, con-
trary to Kohl's characterization of that power as "complete
in itself." 594 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 18).
The Court today errs by attributing to Kohl an outsized
role in PennEast's sovereign immunity analysis. The Court
in PennEast never stated that "completeness in itself " rep-
resented the governing test for plan-of-the-Convention
waiver. Likewise, PennEast made no effort to explain how
the "complete in itself " inquiry would work beyond the con-
text of eminent domain. And because PennEast did not in-
voke Kohl to break new doctrinal ground, the Court made
no attempt to reconcile the "complete in itself " inquiry with
this Court's longstanding sovereign immunity precedents
(e.g., Alden, Seminole Tribe, Federal Maritime Comm'n,
Hans, etc.). Again, if PennEast had made "completeness in
itself " the applicable test, surely the Court would have dis-
cussed the concept more thoroughly.
The Court compounds its overreading of PennEast's
"complete in itself " language by unjustifiably dismissing
PennEast's "inextricably intertwined" rationale as a mere
"technical aspect" of the decision. Ante, at 15. PennEast is
best read to stand for the proposition that, because every
24 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

federal power must be "complete in itself," the States sur-
rendered their sovereign immunity with respect to any fed-
eral power that is "inextricably intertwined" with judicial
proceedings, like eminent domain; otherwise, sovereign im-
munity would excuse the States from the judicial proceed-
ing and the federal power would be incomplete. PennEast,
594 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 17) (linking complete-
ness of eminent domain power to condemnation proceed-
ings). Yet, now, the Court abandons the only limiting prin-
ciple in PennEast's test.10
That is mistaken. To begin with, disaggregating the
"complete in itself " standard from PennEast's "inextricably
intertwined" justification renders meaningless the idea of
"completeness" in the context of state sovereign immunity.
Consider the Court's opinion here, which says that any fed-
eral power "complete in itself " must be accompanied with a
surrender of state sovereign immunity. The Court does not
define what it means for a federal power to be "complete in
itself," except that " 'the States consented to the exercise of
that power -- in its entirety -- in the plan of the Conven-
tion.' " Ante, at 6 ). But that self-referential definition begs the
question. If the Court tied the "completeness" of a federal
power to an inherent connection with judicial proceedings,
it could give the term independent meaning and make
sense of PennEast's actual analysis.
Worse still, today's decision removes the one important
guardrail on the "completeness" inquiry that PennEast de-
scribed. Absent that limit, the Court's indefinite test will
provide future courts cover to further erode the States' sov-
ereign immunity.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 My "quarrel" therefore does not "li[e] with PennEast," ante, at 13, but

with the Court's decision today to convert PennEast's "complete in itself "
language into an all-encompassing sovereign-immunity test that is di-
vorced from PennEast's "inextricably intertwined" principle.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 25

THOMAS, J., dissenting

B
To the extent that the Court's new "complete in itself "
standard has any definable contours, it is inconsistent with
our modern sovereign immunity doctrine and, in particular,
Seminole Tribe.
As I noted above, the Court does not define what it means
for a federal power to be "complete in itself " under
PennEast and Kohl. All we are told is that eminent domain
and the powers to raise and support armies and navies are
powers "complete" in themselves. See ante, at 6, 11.
The Court's "completeness" standard is indeterminate in
large part because the Court fails to recognize that the con-
cept of a federal power being "complete in itself " long pre-
dates Kohl and means something quite different from what
the Court says it does. In fact, the phrase's provenance in
our jurisprudence dates back to no less seminal a decision
than Chief Justice Marshall's opinion in Gibbons v. Ogden,
9 Wheat. 1 (1824). There, the Court stated that Congress'
power "[t]o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and
among the several States," U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 3, "like
all others vested in Congress, is complete in itself, may be
exercised to its utmost extent, and acknowledges no limita-
tions, other than are prescribed in the constitution," 9
Wheat., at 196.
Gibbons' discussion is revealing. First, unlike the Court's
decision today, which attempts to cabin congressional pow-
ers that are "complete in themselves" to only a few, Gibbons
is explicit that it considered every power vested in Congress
to be "complete in itself." Ibid. That understanding would
explain why Kohl said that "[i]f the United States have the
power, it must be complete in itself." 91 U. S., at 374 (em-
phasis added). Second, unlike the Court today, Gibbons de-
fines what it means for a power to be complete in itself -- 
the power "may be exercised to its utmost extent" with "no
limitations" beyond those in Constitution itself. 9 Wheat.,
at 196. In other words, the power is plenary as to those
26 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

subjects to which it applies. See id., at 197.
Gibbons' understanding of a congressional power being
"complete in itself " was repeated by this Court time and
time again for nearly two centuries. Almost always, the
Court used the term to refer to Congress' authority to regu-
late interstate and foreign commerce.11 And, over time, the
Court confirmed that because Congress' power over inter-
state commerce "is plenary and complete in itself... [i]t fol-
lows that no form of state activity can constitutionally
thwart the regulatory power granted by the commerce
clause to Congress." United States v. Wrightwood Dairy
Co., (1942); see also Wickard v. Filburn,
(1942). This language echoes Kohl's
holding that the federal eminent domain power "can neither
be enlarged nor diminished by a State." 91 U. S., at 374.
Ignoring this long history about the very "completeness"
standard that it purports to apply, the Court grasps for
some basis to explain how its decision is consistent with this
Court's understanding of Congress' commerce power in
Seminole Tribe. It asserts that Congress' power under the
Army and Navy Clauses is somehow "complete in itself "
while its power under the Commerce Clause is less than
"complete" because "federal regulation of commerce (at is-
sue in Seminole Tribe) involves goods that, before they
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 See, e.g., Brown v. Maryland, 12 Wheat. 419, 446 (1827) (Marshall,

C. J., for the Court) (a power "complete in itself " is "coextensive with the
subject on which it acts"); Kidd v. Pearson, (1888);
Addyston Pipe & Steel Co. v. United States, (1899);
Lottery Case, (1903); Second Employers' Liability
Cases, (1912); Hoke v. United States, 
(1913); United States v. Carolene Products Co., (1938);
United States v. Darby, (1941); Heart of Atlanta Motel,
Inc. v. United States, -- 255 (1964); Hodel v. Virginia
Surface Mining & Reclamation Assn., Inc., (1981);
United States v. Lopez, (1995); see also South Carolina
v. Katzenbach, (1966) (characterizing Congress' au-
thority under of the Fifteenth Amendment as " 'complete in itself ' ").
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 27

THOMAS, J., dissenting

travel between States or outside a tribe, are subject to reg-
ulation by a sovereign other than the Federal Government
(a State or tribe)." Ante, at 13.
But the Court's proposed distinction makes no sense. For
one, it conflicts with the Court's longstanding characteriza-
tion of Congress' commerce power as plenary. See, e.g., Ar-
mour & Co. v. Virginia, (1918). As long as the
goods mentioned by the Court are in fact part of "interstate
commerce," then Congress has authority to regulate their
travel at all times. For another, it does nothing to distin-
guish Congress' commerce power from its power to raise
and maintain a military. Following the Court's logic, one
could just as easily say that Congress' power under the
Army and Navy Clauses is "less than complete" because
"federal regulation of soldiers involves men and women
who, before they join the military, are subject to regulation
by a sovereign other than the Federal Government." De-
spite the Court's efforts, its "completeness" analysis simply
fails to distinguish the Army and Navy Clauses from other
Article I powers delegated to Congress in the plan of the
Convention.12
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 The Court also makes what appears to be an alternative argument.

Invoking Hamilton's discussion of state sovereignty in The Federalist,
the Court says that States surrendered their sovereign immunity where
the Constitution " 'granted an authority to the Union, to which a similar
authority in the States would be absolutely and totally contradictory and
repugnant.' " Ante, at 4 -- 5 ). The Court then remarks, seemingly in dicta, that "an
assertion of state sovereignty to frustrate federal prerogatives to raise
and maintain military forces would be strongly 'contradictory and repug-
nant' to the constitutional order." Ante, at 13. But that reasoning is hardly different from the argument
made by Justice Souter when he dissented in Seminole Tribe with respect
to the Indian Commerce Clause and Congress' exclusive authority in that
area. See 517 U. S., at 148 ("[S]ince the States have no sovereignty in
the regulation of commerce with the tribes, on Hamilton's view there is
no source of sovereign immunity to assert in a suit based on congres-
sional regulation of that commerce"). Similarly, the Court has often held
28 TORRES v. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Most troubling, however, is the clear parallel between the
Court's analysis today and the discredited approach to sov-
ereign immunity that we rejected in Seminole Tribe. For
example, in Parden v. Terminal R. Co. of Ala. Docks Dept.,
(1964), the Court relied on Gibbons' "complete
in itself " language to hold that "the States surrendered a
portion of their sovereignty when they granted Congress
the power to regulate commerce." Id., at 191; see also id.,
at 192. Parden reasoned, not unlike the Court today, that
"[t]he sovereign power of the states is necessarily dimin-
ished to the extent of the grants of power to the federal gov-
ernment in the Constitution," and that granting Congress
"plenary power to regulate commerce" amounts to a surren-
der of immunity. Id., at 191.
Similarly, in Pennsylvania v. Union Gas Co., 
(1989), the plurality emphasized how "[i]t would be difficult
to overstate the breadth and depth of the commerce power,"
id., at 20, and how the "[t]he Commerce Clause with one
hand gives power to Congress while, with the other, it takes
power away from the States," id., at 16. In light of this dual
grant of federal authority and divestment of state author-
ity, the plurality thought Congress' commerce power "would
be incomplete without the authority to render States liable
in damages." Id., at 19. To complete that
congressional power, the plurality reasoned that "to the ex-
tent that the States gave Congress the authority to regulate
commerce, they also relinquished their immunity where
Congress found it necessary, in exercising this authority, to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
that Congress' power to regulate interstate and foreign commerce is also
"exclusive." E.g., Cloverleaf Butter Co. v. Patterson, -- 
155 (1942); Board of Trustees of Univ. of Ill. v. United States, -- 57 (1933). So again, the Court cannot explain how its interpreta-
tion of Hamilton or its understanding of the war powers coheres with
Seminole Tribe and does not sweep in other Article I powers like the
Commerce Clause.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 29

THOMAS, J., dissenting

render them liable." Id., at 19 -- 20.
We repudiated Parden and overruled Union Gas in Sem-
inole Tribe. See 517 U. S., at 66; see also College Savings
Bank v. Florida Prepaid Postsecondary Ed. Expense Bd.,
(1999) (Seminole Tribe "expressly repu-
diate[d]" Parden's theory of plan-of-the-Convention
waiver). Therefore, if Seminole Tribe was right, then the
Court's decision today is wrong. Hopefully, the Court will
someday purge the newly fashioned "completeness" stand-
ard from our jurisprudence.
* * *
"Congress has ample means to ensure compliance with
valid federal laws, but it must respect the sovereignty of the
States." Alden, 527 U. S., at 758. If the Court's reading of
USERRA is correct -- and I am unsure it is, see supra, at 5 -- 
7 -- then Congress has not "accord[ed] States the esteem due
to them as joint participants in a federal system." 527 U. S.,
at 758. To nonetheless deem USERRA constitutional, the
Court brushes aside a 23-year-old, pathbreaking precedent,
while elevating a single phrase, made in passing in a one-
year-old, highly circumscribed precedent. It then uses that
phrase to fashion a test for plan-of-the-Convention waiver
that mimics earlier attempts by this Court to deny States
the dignity owed to them in our system of dual federalism.
Our sovereign States deserved better. I respectfully dis-
sent.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court.
A provision of the Controlled Substances Act, codified at
21 U. S. C., makes it a federal crime, "[e]xcept as au-
thorized[,]... for any person knowingly or intentionally...
to manufacture, distribute, or dispense... a controlled sub-
stance," such as opioids. 84 Stat. 1260, 21 U. S. C.. Registered doctors may prescribe these
substances to their patients. But, as provided by regula-
tion, a prescription is only authorized when a doctor issues
it "for a legitimate medical purpose... acting in the usual
course of his professional practice." 21 CFR.04(a)
(2021).
2 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

In each of these two consolidated cases, a doctor was con-
victed under for dispensing controlled substances not
"as authorized." The question before us concerns the state
of mind that the Government must prove to convict these
doctors of violating the statute. We hold that the statute's
"knowingly or intentionally" mens rea applies to authoriza-
tion. After a defendant produces evidence that he or she
was authorized to dispense controlled substances, the Gov-
ernment must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the de-
fendant knew that he or she was acting in an unauthorized
manner, or intended to do so.
I
The question we face concerns 's exception from the
general prohibition on dispensing controlled substances
contained in the phrase "[e]xcept as authorized." In partic-
ular, the question concerns the defendant's state of mind.
To prove that a doctor's dispensation of drugs via prescrip-
tion falls within the statute's prohibition and outside the
authorization exception, is it sufficient for the Government
to prove that a prescription was in fact not authorized, or
must the Government prove that the doctor knew or in-
tended that the prescription was unauthorized?
Petitioners Xiulu Ruan and Shakeel Kahn are both doc-
tors who actively practiced medicine. They both possessed
licenses permitting them to prescribe controlled sub-
stances. The Government separately charged them with
unlawfully dispensing and distributing drugs in violation of. Each proceeded to a jury trial, and each was con-
victed of the charges.
At their separate trials, Ruan and Kahn argued that their
dispensation of drugs was lawful because the drugs were
dispensed pursuant to valid prescriptions. As noted above,
a regulation provides that, "to be effective," a prescription
"must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose by an in-
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of the Court

dividual practitioner acting in the usual course of his pro-
fessional practice." 21 CFR.04(a). We assume, as did
the courts below and the parties here, that a prescription is
"authorized" and therefore lawful if it satisfies this stand-
ard. At Ruan's and Kahn's trials, the Government argued
that the doctors' prescriptions failed to comply with this
standard. The doctors argued that their prescriptions did
comply, and that, even if not, the doctors did not knowingly
deviate or intentionally deviate from the standard.
Ruan, for example, asked for a jury instruction that
would have required the Government to prove that he sub-
jectively knew that his prescriptions fell outside the scope of
his prescribing authority. The District Court, however, re-
jected this request. The court instead set forth a more ob-
jective standard, instructing the jury that a doctor acts law-
fully when he prescribes "in good faith as part of his medical
treatment of a patient in accordance with the standard of
medical practice generally recognized and accepted in the
United States." App. to Pet. for Cert. in No. 20 -- 410, p.
139a. The court further instructed the jury that a doctor
violates when "the doctor's actions were either not for
a legitimate medical purpose or were outside the usual
course of professional medical practice." Ibid. The jury con-
victed Ruan, and the trial court sentenced him to over 20
years in prison and ordered him to pay millions of dollars
in restitution and forfeiture.
The Eleventh Circuit affirmed Ruan's convictions. See
966 F. 3d 1101, 1120, 1166 -- 1167 (2020). The appeals court
held that a doctor's "subjectiv[e] belie[f] that he is meeting
a patient's medical needs by prescribing a controlled sub-
stance" is not a "complete defense" to a prosecution.
Id., at 1167. Rather, the court said, " '[w]hether a defendant
acts in the usual course of his professional practice must be
evaluated based on an objective standard, not a subjective
standard.' " Id., at 1166 ; emphasis added; altera-
tion in original).
Kahn's trial contained similar disagreements over the
proper mens rea instructions. Ultimately, the District
Court instructed the jury that it should not convict if it
found that Kahn acted in "good faith," defined as "an at-
tempt to act in accordance with what a reasonable physi-
cian should believe to be proper medical practice." App.
486. The court added that to find "good faith," the jury must
conclude that Kahn "acted in an honest effort to prescribe
for patients' medical conditions in accordance with gener-
ally recognized and accepted standards of practice." Ibid.
The court also told the jury that "good faith" was a "com-
plete defense" because it "would be inconsistent with know-
ingly and intentionally distributing and/or dispensing con-
trolled substances outside the usual course of professional
practice and without a legitimate medical purpose." Ibid.
The jury convicted Kahn of the charges, and he was
sentenced to 25 years in prison.
The Tenth Circuit affirmed Kahn's convictions. See 989
F. 3d 806, 812, 824 -- 826 (2021). In doing so, the court held
that to convict under, the Government must prove
that a doctor "either: (1) subjectively knew a prescription
was issued not for a legitimate medical purpose; or (2) is-
sued a prescription that was objectively not in the usual
course of professional practice." Id., at 825.
Both Ruan and Kahn filed petitions for certiorari. We
granted the petitions and consolidated the cases to consider
what mens rea applies to 's authorization exception.
II
As we have said, makes it unlawful, "[e]xcept as au-
thorized[,]... for any person knowingly or intentionally...
to manufacture, distribute, or dispense... a controlled sub-
stance." We now hold that 's "knowingly or intention-
ally" mens rea applies to the "except as authorized" clause.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of the Court

This means that once a defendant meets the burden of pro-
ducing evidence that his or her conduct was "authorized,"
the Government must prove beyond a reasonable doubt
that the defendant knowingly or intentionally acted in an
unauthorized manner. Our conclusion rests upon several
considerations.
A
First, as a general matter, our criminal law seeks to pun-
ish the " 'vicious will.' " Morissette v. United States, (1952); see also id., at 250, ). With few exceptions, " 'wrongdoing must be con-
scious to be criminal.' " Elonis v. United States, (2015). In-
deed, we have said that consciousness of wrongdoing is a
principle "as universal and persistent in mature systems of
[criminal] law as belief in freedom of the human will and a
consequent ability and duty of the normal individual to
choose between good and evil." Id., at 250.
Consequently, when we interpret criminal statutes, we
normally "start from a longstanding presumption, traceable
to the common law, that Congress intends to require a de-
fendant to possess a culpable mental state." Rehaif v.
United States, 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019). We
have referred to this culpable mental state as "scienter,"
which means the degree of knowledge necessary to make a
person criminally responsible for his or her acts. See ibid.;
Black's Law Dictionary 1613 (11th ed. 2019); Morissette,
342 U. S., at 250 -- 252.
Applying the presumption of scienter, we have read into
criminal statutes that are "silent on the required mental
state" -- meaning statutes that contain no mens rea provi-
sion whatsoever -- " 'that mens rea which is necessary to sep-
arate wrongful conduct from "otherwise innocent con-
duct." ' " Elonis, 575 U. S., at 736 ; emphasis added). Unsur-
prisingly, given the meaning of scienter, the mens rea we
have read into such statutes is often that of knowledge or
intent. See, e.g., Staples v. United States, 
(1994); United States v. United States Gypsum Co., -- 446 (1978).
And when a statute is not silent as to mens rea but in-
stead "includes a general scienter provision," "the presump-
tion applies with equal or greater force" to the scope of that
provision. Rehaif, 588 U. S., at ___. We have accordingly held that a word such as
"knowingly" modifies not only the words directly following
it, but also those other statutory terms that "separate
wrongful from innocent acts." Id., at ___ ; see,
e.g., ibid.; United States v. X-Citement Video, Inc., (1994); Liparota v. United States, 
(1985).
Section 841 contains a general scienter provision -- 
"knowingly or intentionally." And in prosecutions, a
lack of authorization is often what separates wrongfulness
from innocence. Defendants who produce evidence that
they are "authorized" to dispense controlled substances are
often doctors dispensing drugs via prescription. We nor-
mally would not view such dispensations as inherently ille-
gitimate; we expect, and indeed usually want, doctors to
prescribe the medications that their patients need. In 
prosecutions, then, it is the fact that the doctor issued an
unauthorized prescription that renders his or her conduct
wrongful, not the fact of the dispensation itself. In other
words, authorization plays a "crucial" role in separating in-
nocent conduct -- and, in the case of doctors, socially benefi-
cial conduct -- from wrongful conduct. X-Citement Video,
513 U. S., at 73. Applying 's "knowingly or intention-
ally" mens rea to the authorization clause thus "helps ad-
vance the purpose of scienter, for it helps to separate wrong-
ful from innocent acts." Rehaif, 588 U. S., at ___ (slip op.,
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of the Court

at 6); see also X-Citement Video, 513 U. S., at 72 -- 73.
In addition, the regulatory language defining an author-
ized prescription is, we have said, "ambiguous," written in
"generalit[ies], susceptible to more precise definition and
open to varying constructions." Gonzales v. Oregon, (2006); see id., at 257 (regulation "gives little
or no instruction on" major questions); see also 21 CFR.04(a) (regulation defining "effective" prescription as
one "issued for a legitimate medical purpose by an individ-
ual practitioner acting in the usual course of his profes-
sional practice"). The conduct prohibited by such language
(issuing invalid prescriptions) is thus "often difficult to dis-
tinguish from the gray zone of socially acceptable... con-
duct" (issuing valid prescriptions). United States Gypsum,
438 U. S., at 441. A strong scienter requirement helps to
diminish the risk of "overdeterrence," i.e., punishing ac-
ceptable and beneficial conduct that lies close to, but on the
permissible side of, the criminal line. Ibid.
The statutory provisions at issue here are also not the
kind that we have held fall outside the scope of ordinary
scienter requirements. Section 841 does not define a regu-
latory or public welfare offense that carries only minor pen-
alties. Cf. Rehaif, 588 U. S., at ___ ; Staples,
511 U. S., at 606. Rather, imposes severe penalties
upon those who violate it, including life imprisonment and
fines up to $1 million. See (1)(C); see generally. Such severe penalties counsel in favor of a strong
scienter requirement. See Staples, 511 U. S., at 618 -- 619
(noting that "a severe penalty is a further factor tending to
suggest that... the usual presumption that a defendant
must know the facts that make his conduct illegal should
apply"); United States Gypsum, 438 U. S., at 442,.
Nor is the "except as authorized" clause a jurisdictional
provision, to which the presumption of scienter would not
apply. Cf. Rehaif, 588 U. S., at ___ ; United
8 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

States v. Yermian, -- 69 (1984). To the con-
trary, and as we have explained, a lack of authorization is
often the critical thing distinguishing wrongful from proper
conduct.
B
Analogous precedent reinforces our conclusion. In Lipa-
rota, we interpreted a statute penalizing anyone who
" 'knowingly uses [food stamps] in any manner not author-
ized by' " statute. 471 U. S., at 420. We held that "know-
ingly" modified both the "use" of food stamps element and
the element that the use be "not authorized." Id., at 423,
433. We applied "knowingly" to the authorization language
even though Congress had not "explicitly and unambigu-
ously" indicated that it should so apply. Id., at 426. But if
knowingly did not modify the fact of nonauthorization, we
explained, the statute "would... criminalize a broad range
of apparently innocent conduct." Ibid.
Similarly, in X-Citement Video, we interpreted a statute
penalizing anyone who " 'knowingly transports' " or " 'know-
ingly receives' " videos " 'involv[ing] the use of a minor en-
gaging in sexually explicit conduct.' " 513 U. S., at 68. We
held that "knowingly" applied not only to the element of
transporting or receiving videos but also to the elemental
fact that the videos involve "the use of a minor." Id., at 66.
We recognized that this was not "the most grammatical
reading of the statute." Id., at 70. But, we explained, "the
age of the performers is the crucial element separating legal
innocence from wrongful conduct," for possessing sexually
explicit videos involving nonminors is protected First
Amendment activity. Id., at 72 -- 73.
Finally, in Rehaif, we interpreted a statutory scheme in
which one statutory subsection provided penalties for any-
one who "knowingly violates" a separate subsection. 588
U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 4). This latter subsection
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of the Court

made it "unlawful" for people with certain statuses (i.e., be-
ing a felon or being in the country unlawfully) to possess a
gun. Ibid. We held that the first subsection's "knowingly"
language applied to the status element in the second sub-
section. Id., at ___. To convict under the
statute, then, the Government had to prove that a defend-
ant knew he had one of the listed statuses. Ibid. "Without
knowledge of that status," we reasoned, "the defendant may
well lack the intent needed to make his behavior wrongful,"
because "[a]ssuming compliance with ordinary licensing re-
quirements, the possession of a gun can be entirely inno-
cent." Id., at ___.
Like the statutes at issue in these cases, the statute here
contains a scienter provision. Section 841 states: "Except
as authorized by this subchapter, it shall be unlawful for
any person knowingly or intentionally... to manufacture,
distribute, or dispense... a controlled substance." (Em-
phasis added.) Like those three cases, the question here
concerns the mental state that applies to a statutory clause
("[e]xcept as authorized") that does not immediately follow
the scienter provision. Like the three cases, the statutory
clause in question plays a critical role in separating a de-
fendant's wrongful from innocent conduct. And, like the
Court in those cases, we conclude that the statute's mens
rea applies to that critical clause.
III
We are not convinced by the Government's arguments to
the contrary. First, the Government correctly points out,
and the concurrence emphasizes, that the statutory lan-
guage at issue in the cases we have just described set forth
elements of the offense. Here, the Government and the con-
currence say, the "except as authorized" clause does not set
forth an element. See, e.g., post, at 4 -- 7 (ALITO, J., concur-
ring in judgment).
The Government and the concurrence point to two ways
10 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

in which the "except as authorized" clause is unlike an ele-
ment, both of which rely on a different provision of the Con-
trolled Substances Act -- . Section 885 says that the
Government need not "negative" -- i.e., refute -- "any exemp-
tion or exception... in any complaint, information, indict-
ment, or other pleading." This means that, in a prosecution
under the Controlled Substances Act, the Government need
not refer to a lack of authorization (or any other exemption
or exception) in the criminal indictment. Cf. United States
v. Resendiz-Ponce, (2007) (criminal in-
dictment must set forth all elements of the charged crime).
Section 885 also says that the Government need not "nega-
tive any exemption or exception... in any trial," and that
"the burden of going forward with the evidence with respect
to any such exemption or exception shall be upon the person
claiming its benefit," not upon the prosecution. Cf. Patter-
son v. New York, (1977) (Government
bears burden of proving all elements of charged offense).
But even assuming that lack of authorization is unlike an
element for the two purposes that sets forth, those two
purposes have little or nothing to do with scienter require-
ments. The first has to do with the indictment. It simply
says that the Government need not set forth in an indict-
ment a lack of authorization, or otherwise allege that a de-
fendant does not fall within the many exceptions and ex-
emptions that the Controlled Substances Act contains. The
Act excepts, for example, licensed professionals such as
dentists, veterinarians, scientific investigators, and phar-
macists from the prohibition on dispensing controlled sub-
stances. See 21 U. S. C.. The Act also excepts em-
ployees of drug manufacturers, common carriers, and
people with sick family members or pets from the prohibi-
tion on possessing controlled substances. See,
822(c). Section 885 merely absolves the Government of hav-
ing to allege, in an indictment, the inapplicability of every
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

Opinion of the Court

statutory exception in each Controlled Substances Act pros-
ecution.
Section 885's second purpose refers only to "the burden of
going forward with the evidence," i.e., the burden of produc-
tion. See Black's Law Dictionary, at 244. It says nothing
regarding the distinct issue of the burden of persuasion -- 
i.e., the burden of proving a lack of authorization. Cf. Di-
rector, Office of Workers' Compensation Programs v. Green-
wich Collieries, (1994) ("our opinions con-
sistently distinguis[h] between burden of proof, which we
defined as burden of persuasion, and... the burden of pro-
duction or the burden of going forward with the evidence");
see also Schaffer v. Weast, (2005). Section
885 can thus be understood as providing a presumptive de-
vice, akin to others we have recognized in the criminal con-
text, which "merely shift[s] the burden of production to the
defendant, following the satisfaction of which the ultimate
burden of persuasion returns to the prosecution." County
Court of Ulster Cty. v. Allen, -- 158, 
(1979); see Parker v. Matthews, (2012)
(per curiam). Contrary to the concurrence's assertion, see
post, at 9 -- 11, the differences between these two burdens
and the use of procedural mechanisms to shift one burden
but not the other are well established. See, e.g., 29 Am. Jur.
2d Evidence, p. 246 (2019) ("due process does not pro-
hibit the use of a... procedural device that shifts to a de-
fendant the burden of producing some evidence contesting
a fact that may otherwise be inferred, provided the prose-
cution retains the ultimate burden of proof "); 1 W. LaFave,
Substantive Criminal Law.8(a), p. 102 (3d ed. 2018) (sim-
ilar). In a prosecution, then, once the defendant sat-
isfies the initial burden of production by producing evidence
of authorization, the burden of proving a lack of authoriza-
tion shifts back to the Government. And, as with 's
indictment-related purpose, 's burden-related purpose
simply relieves the Government from having to disprove, at
12 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the outset of every Controlled Substances Act prosecution,
every exception in the statutory scheme.
Section 885 thus does not provide a basis for inferring
that Congress intended to do away with, or weaken, ordi-
nary and longstanding scienter requirements. At the same
time, the language of (which explicitly includes a
"knowingly or intentionally" provision); the crucial role au-
thorization (or lack thereof ) plays in distinguishing morally
blameworthy conduct from socially necessary conduct; the
serious nature of the crime and its penalties; and the vague,
highly general language of the regulation defining the
bounds of prescribing authority all support applying nor-
mal scienter principles to the "except as authorized" clause.
That statutory requirement, while differing from an ele-
ment in some respects, is sufficiently like an element in re-
spect to the matter at issue here as to warrant similar legal
treatment.
And the Government does not deny that, once a defend-
ant claims that he or she falls within the authorization ex-
ception and the burden shifts back to the Government, the
Government must prove a lack of authorization by satisfy-
ing the ordinary criminal law burden of proof -- beyond a
reasonable doubt. See Brief for United States 26; Tr. of
Oral Arg. 50 -- 51; see also id., at 62 -- 65. But see post, at 10 -- 
11 (concurrence suggesting, contrary to the position ad-
vanced by all parties to these cases, that the Government
need only prove lack of authorization by a preponderance of
the evidence). Once the defendant meets his or her burden
of production, then, the Government must prove lack of au-
thorization beyond a reasonable doubt.
Resisting the "knowingly or intentionally" standard, the
Government instead offers a substitute mens rea standard.
The Government says that rather than simply apply the
statute's "knowingly or intentionally" language to the au-
thorization clause, we should read the statute as implicitly
containing an "objectively reasonable good-faith effort" or
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

Opinion of the Court

"objective honest-effort standard." Brief for United States
16 -- 17; cf. post, at 13 (concurrence arguing that doctors can
defend against a prosecution by proving that they
have "act[ed] in subjective good faith in prescribing drugs").
That is to say, once a defendant meets his or her burden of
production, the Government can convict "by proving beyond
a reasonable doubt that [the defendant] did not even make
an objectively reasonable attempt to ascertain and act
within the bounds of professional medicine." Brief for
United States 16.
We are not convinced. For one thing, like many
criminal statutes, uses the familiar mens rea words "know-
ingly or intentionally." It nowhere uses words such as "good
faith," "objectively," "reasonable," or "honest effort."
For another, the Government's standard would turn a de-
fendant's criminal liability on the mental state of a hypo-
thetical "reasonable" doctor, not on the mental state of the
defendant himself or herself. Cf. id., at 24 (Government ar-
guing that "a physician can violate Section 841(a) when he
makes no objectively reasonable attempt to conform his
conduct to something that his fellow doctors would view as
medical care" ).
We have rejected analogous suggestions in other criminal
contexts. In Elonis, for example, we considered the mental
state applicable to a statute that criminalized threatening
communications but contained no explicit mens rea require-
ment. 575 U. S., at 732. The Government argued that the
statute required proof that a reasonable person would find
the communications threatening. Id., at 738 -- 739. But, we
said, "[h]aving liability turn on whether a 'reasonable per-
son' regards the communication as a threat -- regardless of
what the defendant thinks -- reduces culpability on the all-
important element of the crime to negligence." Id., at 738
(some internal quotation marks omitted). "[A]nd," we em-
phasized, "we 'have long been reluctant to infer that a neg-
ligence standard was intended in criminal statutes.' " Ibid.
14 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

(Marshall, J., concurring)). We believe the same of the Gov-
ernment's proposed standard here.
The Government asserts that we held to the contrary,
and "effectively endorsed" its honest-effort standard, in
United States v. Moore, (1975). Brief for
United States 26. But the question in Moore was whether
doctors could ever be held criminally liable under. 423
U. S., at 124. Moore did not directly address the issue be-
fore us here regarding the mens rea required to convict un-
der the statute.
Further, the Government, citing Yermian, notes that the
authorization clause precedes the words "knowingly or in-
tentionally." And, the Government argues, grammatically
speaking, that fact prevents the latter mens rea provision
from modifying the former clause. See Brief for United
States 24 -- 25. But Yermian based its holding on the fact
that the clause preceding the mens rea provision set forth a
jurisdictional criteria, which is typically not subject to a sci-
enter requirement. 468 U. S., at 68 -- 69; see also Rehaif, 588
U. S., at ___. Yermian did not base its holding
on the grammatical positioning of the statutory language.
Finally, the Government argues that requiring it to prove
that a doctor knowingly or intentionally acted not as au-
thorized will allow bad-apple doctors to escape liability by
claiming idiosyncratic views about their prescribing au-
thority. See, e.g., Brief for United States 33. This kind of
argument, however, can be made in many cases imposing
scienter requirements, and we have often rejected it on ba-
ses similar to those we have set forth in Part II of this opin-
ion. See, e.g., Rehaif, 588 U. S., at ___ ; Lipa-
rota, 471 U. S., at 433 -- 434.
We do the same here. The Government, of course, can
prove knowledge of a lack of authorization through circum-
stantial evidence. See ibid. And the regulation defining the
scope of a doctor's prescribing authority does so by reference
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

Opinion of the Court

to objective criteria such as "legitimate medical purpose"
and "usual course" of "professional practice." 21 CFR.04(a); see Gonzales, 546 U. S., at 285 (Scalia, J., dis-
senting) ("The use of the word 'legitimate' connotes an ob-
jective standard of 'medicine' "); Moore, 423 U. S., at 141 -- 
142 (describing Congress' intent "to confine authorized
medical practice within accepted limits" ).
As we have said before, "the more unreasonable" a defend-
ant's "asserted beliefs or misunderstandings are," espe-
cially as measured against objective criteria, "the more
likely the jury... will find that the Government has carried
its burden of proving knowledge." Cheek v. United States,
-- 204 (1991). But the Government must
still carry this burden. And for purposes of a criminal con-
viction under, this requires proving that a defendant
knew or intended that his or her conduct was unauthorized.
IV
The Government argues that we should affirm Ruan's
and Kahn's convictions because the jury instructions at
their trials conveyed the requisite mens rea. Alternatively,
the Government argues that any instructional error was
harmless. But the Court of Appeals in both cases evaluated
the jury instructions under an incorrect understanding of
's scienter requirements. We decline to decide in the
first instance whether the instructions complied with the
standard we have set forth today. Cf. Rehaif, 588 U. S., at
___. We leave that and any harmlessness
questions for the courts to address on remand.
* * *
We conclude that 's "knowingly or intentionally"
mens rea applies to the "except as authorized" clause. This
means that in a prosecution in which a defendant
meets his burden of production under, the Govern-
16 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

ment must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the de-
fendant knowingly or intentionally acted in an unauthor-
ized manner. We vacate the judgments of the Courts of Ap-
peals below and remand the cases for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 20 -- 1410 and 21 -- 5261
_________________

XIULU RUAN, PETITIONER
20 -- 1410 v.
UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT

SHAKEEL KAHN, PETITIONER
21 -- 5261 v.
UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT
[June 27, 2022]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins, and
with whom JUSTICE BARRETT joins as to Parts I -- A, I -- B, and
II, concurring in the judgment.
In criminal law, the distinction between the elements of
an offense and an affirmative defense is well-known and
important. In these cases, however, the Court recognizes a
new hybrid that has some characteristics of an element and
some characteristics of an affirmative defense. The conse-
quences of this innovation are hard to foresee, but the result
may well be confusion and disruption. That risk is entirely
unnecessary.
We granted certiorari in these cases to decide whether a
physician may be convicted of dispensing or distributing
drugs by prescription under a provision of the Controlled
Substances Act of 1970 (CSA), 21 U. S. C., if he or
she believed in good faith that the prescription was within
the course of professional practice. In my view, there is a
2 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

straightforward answer to this question. The CSA contains
an exception for prescriptions issued in the course of profes-
sional practice, and this exception is a carry-over from the
CSA's predecessor, the Harrison Narcotics Act of 1914, 38
Stat. 785. In interpreting the Harrison Act, this Court held
that a registered physician acts "in the course of his profes-
sional practice" when the physician writes prescriptions "in
good faith." Linder v. United States, -- 18
(1925). I would hold that this rule applies under the CSA
and would therefore vacate the judgments below and re-
mand for further proceedings.
The Court declines to adopt this approach and instead
takes a radical new course. It holds that the mental state
expressed by the terms "knowingly or intentionally" in
applies to the provision's "[e]xcept as authorized"
proviso. It bases this conclusion not on anything in the lan-
guage of the CSA, but instead on the "presumption, tracea-
ble to the common law, that Congress intends to require a
defendant to possess a culpable mental state." Rehaif v.
United States, 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019).
The Court's analysis rests on an obvious conceptual mis-
take. A culpable mental state -- or, to use the traditional
Latin term, "mens rea" -- is the mental state an accused
must have in relation to the elements of an offense. But the
authorizations in the CSA that excuse acts that are other-
wise unlawful under are not elements of the of-
fenses created by that provision. They are affirmative
defenses. The presumption that elements must be accom-
panied by a culpable mental state -- which I will call "the
mens rea canon" -- provides no guidance on what a defend-
ant must prove to establish an affirmative defense. And for
that reason, that canon does not help to decide whether
there is a good-faith defense in prosecutions of phy-
sicians.
The Court does not claim that the "[e]xcept as authorized"
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

proviso actually constitutes an element of dispensing or dis-
tributing a controlled substance. But it concludes, based on
a vague four-part test, that the proviso is "sufficiently like
an element in respect to the matter at issue here as to war-
rant similar treatment." Ante, at 12. How many other af-
firmative defenses might warrant similar treatment, the
Court does not say. It leaves prosecutors, defense attor-
neys, and the lower courts in the dark. I cannot accept this
cavalier treatment of an important question.
Nor can I accept the Court's conclusion that once a de-
fendant produces evidence that his or her conduct was "au-
thorized," "the Government must prove beyond a reasona-
ble doubt that the defendant knowingly or intentionally
acted in an unauthorized manner." Ante, at 5. We did not
grant certiorari on the question of the burden of proof ap-
plicable to authorizations to dispense or distribute con-
trolled substances. No party has briefed this issue, and its
resolution is not essential to our decision in these cases. In
keeping with our normal practice, I would not address this
question. But because the Court volunteers its own answer,
I will offer one as well. As I see it, the text of the CSA does
not show that Congress intended to deviate from the common-
law rule that the burden of proving "affirmative defenses -- 
indeed, 'all... circumstances of justification, excuse or al-
leviation' -- rest[s] on the defendant." Patterson v. New
York, (1977). And absolutely nothing in the text of
the statute indicates that Congress intended to impose a
burden on the Government to disprove all assertions of au-
thorization beyond a reasonable doubt.
I
A
As relevant here, (1) provides that "except as au-
thorized by this subchapter, it shall be unlawful for any per-
4 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

son knowingly or intentionally... to manufacture, distrib-
ute, or dispense, or possess with intent to manufacture, dis-
tribute, or dispense,... a controlled substance." According
to the Court's reasoning, the terms "knowingly or intention-
ally" in (1) apply to the "except as authorized" pro-
viso at the beginning of the provision. But it is hard to see
how this could be true.
As a matter of elementary syntax, the adverbs "know-
ingly" and "intentionally" are most naturally understood to
modify the verbs that follow, i.e., "manufacture," "distrib-
ute," etc., and not the introductory phrase "except as au-
thorized." That phrase, in turn, clearly modifies the term
"unlawful."
The Court does not suggest otherwise. It does not claim
that "knowingly or "intentionally" modifies the introductory
proviso in a grammatical sense. (If it did, the introductory
phrase would clearly be an element, and for reasons that I
will explain, infra, at 5 -- 6, 21 U. S. C. unmistakably
rules that out.) Instead, the Court pointedly uses different
terminology. It repeatedly says that the phrase "knowingly
or intentionally" "applies" to the introductory phrase, ante,
at 2, 4, 6, 9, 15. And it reaches this con-
clusion based on grounds that have nothing to do with
grammar or syntax.
Specifically, the Court relies on a substantive canon of in-
terpretation -- the mens rea canon. Under this canon, the
Court interprets criminal statutes to require a mens rea for
each element of an offense "even where 'the most grammat-
ical reading of the statute' does not support" that interpre-
tation. Rehaif, 588 U. S., at ___ ).* But until today, this canon has been applied only
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Why we have held that the mens rea canon allows courts to ignore
obvious textual evidence of congressional intent is not obvious. In our
constitutional system, it is Congress that has the power to define the
elements of criminal offenses, not the federal courts. Liparota v. United
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

to elements, and the "except as authorized" introductory
phrase in (1) is plainly not an element.
"The definition of the elements of a criminal offense is en-
trusted to the legislature, particularly in the case of federal
crimes, which are solely creatures of statute." Liparota v.
United States, (1985). See also Dixon v.
United States, (2006). But authorization to
dispense or distribute a controlled substance lacks the most
basic features of an element of an offense. For one thing, it
is black-letter law that an indictment must allege "the ele-
ments of the offense charged." Hamling v. United States,
(1974). So if lack of authorization were an
element, it would be necessary to allege that in every
(1) indictment. But says that it is not "neces-
sary for the United States to negative any exemption or ex-
ception set forth in [the relevant subchapter] in any... in-
dictment." Beyond that, the prosecution bears the burden
of producing evidence with respect to every element of a
crime. Patterson, 432 U. S., at 215. But (1) also pro-
vides that "the burden of going forward with the evidence
with respect to any such exemption or exception shall be
upon the person claiming its benefit." It could hardly be

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
States, (1985); see also United States v. Davis, 588
U. S. ___, ___ (2019) ("Only the people's elected represent-
atives in the legislature are authorized to 'make an act a crime' " )). The mens rea canon
is legitimate when it is used to determine what elements Congress in-
tended to include in the definition of an offense. See, e.g., Staples v.
United States, (1994) (explaining that the canon is
founded on an inference of congressional intent). But applying that
canon to override the intentions of Congress would be inconsistent with
the Constitution's separation of powers. Federal courts have no consti-
tutional authority to re-write the statutes Congress has passed based on
judicial views about what constitutes "sound" or "just" criminal law. Cf.
X-Citement Video, 513 U. S., at 80 -- 82 (Scalia, J., dissenting) (criticizing
our mens rea canon precedents for "convert[ing a] rule of interpretation
into a rule of law" binding on Congress).
6 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

more obvious that Congress did not cast the "except as au-
thorized" introductory proviso as an element of distributing
or dispensing a controlled substance.
Instead, that proviso clearly creates an affirmative de-
fense -- that is, a "justification or excuse which is a bar to
the imposition of criminal liability" on conduct that satisfies
the elements of an offense. 1 W. LaFave, Substantive Crim-
inal Law.8(c) (3d ed. 2018). Section 841(a)(1) has two
main parts: a principal clause generally prohibiting "know-
ingly or intentionally" doing certain things with respect to
controlled substances (i.e., manufacturing them, distrib-
uting them, etc.), and a proviso indicating that these acts
are unlawful "except as authorized" by other statutory pro-
visions. As we have long held, the default rule for inter-
preting provisions with this structure is that " 'an exception
made by a proviso or other distinct clause' " designates an
affirmative defense that the Government has no duty to
" 'negative.' " Dixon, 548 U. S., at 13 ); see also United
States v. Dickson, 15 Pet. 141, 165 (1841) (calling this "the
general rule of law which has always prevailed"). When
this rule applies, it is " 'incumbent on one who relies on such
an exception to set it up and establish it.' " Dixon, 548 U. S.,
at 13.
The CSA explicitly incorporates this default rule. As
noted, (1) provides that the prosecution need not
"negative any exemption or exception set forth in this sub-
chapter in any complaint, information, indictment, or other
pleading or in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding." (Em-
phasis added.) Short of using the words "affirmative de-
fense," there is no clearer way of indicating that authoriza-
tion constitutes an affirmative defense.
On the most natural reading, then, (1) creates an
offense that has as its elements (1) knowingly or intention-
ally (2) distributing or dispensing (3) a controlled sub-
stance. The "[e]xcept as authorized" proviso recognizes an
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

affirmative defense that excuses or justifies conduct that
otherwise would fall within (1)'s general prohibition.
The mens rea canon does not speak to the constituents of
that defense.
B
While the Court does not claim that the "[e]xcept as au-
thorized" proviso is an element of a (1) offense, the
Court argues that the proviso is "sufficiently like an ele-
ment in respect to the matter at issue here" for the mens
rea canon to apply, ante, at 12. The Court provides four
reasons for this conclusion: "[T]he language of (which
explicitly includes a 'knowingly or intentionally' provision);
the crucial role authorization (or lack thereof ) plays in dis-
tinguishing morally blameworthy conduct from socially
necessary conduct; the serious nature of the crime and its
penalties; and the vague, highly general language of the
regulation defining the bounds of prescribing authority."
Ibid. Not one of these reasons withstands scrutiny.
"[T]he language of." The Court notes that this pro-
vision expressly sets out a mens rea that applies to the ele-
ments of the offense, ante, at 13, but the vast majority of
criminal statutes share this characteristic. Therefore, this
feature does not set apart.
"[T]he crucial role authorization (or lack thereof ) plays in
distinguishing morally blameworthy conduct from socially
necessary conduct." The Court claims that authorization
separates out morally blameworthy innocent conduct; but
something very similar may be said about most, if not all,
affirmative defenses. Take the common-law defense of du-
ress. Duress "excuse[s] criminal conduct where the actor
was under an unlawful threat of imminent death or serious
bodily injury" and the "threat caused the actor to engage in
conduct violating the literal terms of the criminal law."
United States v. Bailey, (1980). But a
8 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

person who acts under duress is not "morally blamewor-
thy" -- that is part of what it means to say that duress ex-
cuses otherwise-criminal conduct. Similarly, individuals
who kill or wound another person in self-defense to prevent
their own death or serious injury are not considered morally
blameworthy. No one supposes that these defenses are hy-
brids, or that the mens rea canon is a guide to their content.
It is unclear why the Court thinks that 's affirma-
tive defense is different. There are hints in the Court's
opinion that it has crafted a special rule for doctors -- for ex-
ample, the Court describes their conduct in writing pre-
scriptions as not just "innocent," but "socially beneficial"
and "socially necessary." Ante, at 6, 12. But is not
a doctor-specific provision. Section 841(a)'s proviso presum-
ably applies in the same way for all defendants -- 
whether they are drug dealers accused of selling heroin or
are physicians charged with abusing their authority to pre-
scribe painkillers.
"[T]he serious nature of the crime and its penalties." The
Court also suggests that authorization is "like an element"
because dispensing or distributing a controlled substance is
a felony that carries a substantial sentence. But would all
felonies qualify? If not, where would the Court draw the
line? The Court provides no answers.
"[T]he vague, highly general language of the regulation
defining prescribing authority." As the Court explains, the
regulation defining the authority of physicians to prescribe
controlled substances allows them to issue a prescription
"for a legitimate medical purpose... in the usual course of... professional practice." 21 CFR.04(a) (2021). But
applies to many other types of violations and many
other categories of defendants. Is the proviso a hybrid ele-
ment/defense only for doctors? Would its status change if
the regulation were reframed in more specific terms? How
can the status of a phrase in a statute depend upon an im-
plementing regulation? The Court provides no answer to
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

these or any other questions naturally raised by its ipse
dixit that the exception in is "sufficiently like" an
element to require that it be treated as such in some re-
spects but not others.
C
The Court also errs in holding that, if a (1) defend-
ant "meets the burden of producing evidence that his or her
conduct was 'authorized,' " the Government has the burden
to "prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant
knowingly or intentionally acted in an unauthorized man-
ner," ante, at 5. As noted, the common-law rule was that
the defendant had the burden of production and persuasion
on any affirmative defense. And the Court has held that
when Congress does not address the burden of proof in the
text of a statute, "we presume that Congress intended to
preserve the common-law rule." Smith v. United States,
(2013); see also Dixon, 548 U. S., at 13 -- 
14.
The Court identifies one and only one reason for deviat-
ing from this background rule -- the fact that (1)
states that "the burden of going forward with the evidence
with respect to any... exemption or exception shall be upon
the person claiming its benefit." Because this provision
does not say expressly that a defendant also has the burden
of persuasion, the Court infers that Congress meant to al-
locate that burden to the prosecution. That inference is un-
warranted. Section 885(a)(1) explicitly relieves the Govern-
ment of the burden of "negativ[ing]" exceptions "in any
trial." And it is hard to see how the Government does not
have the burden to "negative" exceptions if it must affirma-
tively disprove a prima facie case of authorization any time
a defendant satisfies the initial burden of production.
But even if one credits the majority's assumption that the
CSA partly deviates from the common-law rule by shifting
the burden of persuasion to the Government, the majority's
10 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

further holding that the Government must carry that bur-
den with proof "beyond a reasonable doubt" comes out of
thin air. The usual rule is that affirmative defenses must
be proved "by a preponderance of the evidence." Id., at 17.
But the majority does not identify a single word in
(1), 885(a)(1), or any other provision of the CSA
that even suggests that the statute imposes a burden of dis-
proving authorization defenses beyond a reasonable doubt.
The only thing that could conceivably justify reading a
reasonable-doubt requirement into a statute that says
nothing on the subject is the principle that an ambiguous
statute must be interpreted, when possible, to avoid uncon-
stitutionality. See A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law: The
Interpretation of Legal Texts 247 -- 251 (2012). But the
Court does not claim that it would be unconstitutional for
Congress to require the Government to prove lack of au-
thorization by only a preponderance of the evidence. In-
deed, the Court does not even claim that it would be uncon-
stitutional to shift the burden of persuasion to the
defendant. Nor could it. Our precedents establish that gov-
ernments are "foreclosed from shifting the burden of proof
to the defendant only 'when an affirmative defense... ne-
gate[s] an element of the crime.' " Smith, 568 U. S., at 110
(Powell,
J., dissenting)). And we have held that when an affirmative
defense instead justifies or " 'excuse[s] conduct that would
otherwise be punishable,' " the "Government has no consti-
tutional duty to overcome the defense beyond a reasonable
doubt." 568 U. S., at 110.
The authorization defense made available to prescribing
physicians by the CSA plainly does not negate any of the
defining elements of dispensing or distributing a controlled
substance in violation of (1). As a result, the Court
has no basis for reading a requirement to disprove authori-
zation into the CSA. And at a minimum, even if the Gov-
ernment must bear the ultimate burden of persuasion once
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

the burden of production is satisfied, the CSA should be
read to preserve a traditional preponderance-of-the-
evidence standard for authorization defenses.
II
My analysis thus far establishes that authorization is an
affirmative defense to liability under (1), and the
constituents of that defense cannot be identified through
brute-force application of a canon designed to identify the
elements of an offense. In my view, the contours of that
defense can be elucidated only by examining the text, struc-
ture, and history of the provisions of the CSA that define it.
I turn to that task now.
The authorization relied on by the petitioners in these
cases permits physicians registered with the federal Drug
Enforcement Administration to prescribe controlled sub-
stances to patients by prescription., 823(f ), 829(a).
As we have previously interpreted it, this authorization
does not allow physicians to dispense controlled substances
by prescription for any reason they choose; instead, the au-
thorization "is limited to the dispensing and use of drugs 'in
the course of professional practice or research.' " United
States v. Moore, (1975) 
(1970 ed.)).
The notion of action taken "in the course of professional
practice" is not defined in the CSA, but our precedents hold
that when Congress employs a term of art "obviously trans-
planted from another legal source," it "brings the old soil
with it." George v. McDonough, 596 U. S. ___, ___ (2022)
; internal quotation marks omit-
ted). And the notion that a prescription is authorized if it
is issued in the course of professional practice is directly
traceable to the Harrison Act, which prohibited "any per-
son" from distributing or dispensing coca leaves or opium
12 XIULU RUAN v. UNITED STATES

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

"except in pursuance of a written order" issued by a practi-
tioner "in the course of his professional practice only.",
38 Stat. 786. Arguably, the phrase "in the course of... pro-
fessional practice" could have been read to refer only to con-
duct that conforms to the standards of medical practice as
a purely objective matter. But our Harrison Act precedents
interpreted that phrase to refer to "bona fide medical prac-
tice," which meant that any prescription issued "in good
faith" qualified as an authorized act of dispensing one of the
drugs proscribed by the statute. Linder, 268 U. S., at 17 -- 
18; see also Boyd v. United States, (1926);
Webb v. United States, (1919).
Nothing in the CSA suggests that Congress intended to
depart from the preexisting understanding of action "in the
course of professional practice." We have previously held
that the CSA incorporates settled understandings of "the
exemption given to doctors" to dispense controlled sub-
stances " 'in the course of... professional practice' " under
the Harrison Act. Moore, 423 U. S., at 139 -- 140. And the language of the CSA supports the same
conclusions that we previously reached about the Harrison
Act. As our CSA precedents have explained, to act "in the
course of professional practice" is to engage in the practice
of medicine -- or, as we have put it, to "act 'as a physician.' "
Moore, 423 U. S., at 141. For a practitioner to "practice
medicine," he or she must act for a medical purpose -- which
means aiming to prevent, cure, or alleviate the symptoms
of a disease or injury -- and must believe that the treatment
is a medically legitimate means of treating the relevant dis-
ease or injury.
But acting "as a physician" does not invariably mean act-
ing as a good physician, as an objective understanding of
the "in the course of professional practice" standard would
suggest. A doctor who makes negligent or even reckless
mistakes in prescribing drugs is still "acting as a doctor" -- 
he or she is simply acting as a bad doctor. The same cannot
 Cite as: 597 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

ALITO,AJ., J., concurring
concurring
LITO in judgment

be said, however, when a doctor knowingly or purposefully
issues a prescription to facilitate "addiction and recrea-
tional abuse," Gonzales v. Oregon, (2006).
Objectives of that kind are alien to medical practice, and a
doctor who prescribes drugs for those purposes is not "act-
ing as a physician" in any meaningful sense.
I would thus hold that a doctor who acts in subjective
good faith in prescribing drugs is entitled to invoke the
CSA's authorization defense. Under the correct under-
standing of that defense, a doctor acts "in the course of pro-
fessional practice" in issuing a prescription under the CSA
if -- but only if -- he or she believes in good faith that the pre-
scription is a valid means of pursuing a medical purpose. A
doctor who knows that he or she is acting for a purpose for-
eign to medicine -- such as facilitating addiction or recrea-
tional drug abuse -- is not protected by the CSA's authoriza-
tion to distribute controlled substances by prescription.
Such doctors may be convicted of unlawfully distributing or
dispensing a controlled substance under (1).
Based on this holding, I would vacate the judgments of
the Courts of Appeals below. And like the Court, I would
leave it to those courts to determine on remand whether the
instructions provided in petitioners' respective trials ade-
quately described the good-faith defense and whether any
errors in the instructions were harmless.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Constitution's Supremacy Clause generally immun-
izes the Federal Government from state laws that directly
regulate or discriminate against it. See South Carolina v.
Baker, (1988). Congress, however, can
authorize such laws by waiving this constitutional immun-
ity. See Goodyear Atomic Corp. v. Miller, 
(1988).
This case concerns state workers' compensation laws.
Congress has enacted a statute that waives the Federal
Government's constitutional immunity insofar as a "state
authority charged with enforcing... the state workers'
compensation laws... appl[ies] the laws" to land or projects
"belonging to the [Federal] Government, in the same way
and to the same extent as if the premises were under the
exclusive jurisdiction of the State." 40 U. S. C..
The question before us is whether a Washington State
workers' compensation law falls within the scope of this
congressional waiver. The state law, by its terms, applies
only to federal workers who work at one federal facility in
Washington. The law makes it easier for these workers to
2 UNITED STATES v. WASHINGTON

Opinion of the Court

obtain workers' compensation, thus raising workers' com-
pensation costs for the Federal Government. We conclude
that the state law discriminates against the Federal Gov-
ernment and falls outside the scope of Congress' waiver.
We therefore hold that the law is unconstitutional under
the Supremacy Clause.
I
During World War II, the Federal Government acquired
a large tract of land in Washington State known as the Han-
ford site. The Government used the site to develop and pro-
duce nuclear weapons, generating a massive amount of
chemical and radioactive waste. After the Cold War, the
Federal Government began the process of decommissioning
and cleaning up the nuclear site. The process has proved to
be enormously complex. It is expected to require decades of
time and billions of dollars. Most of the workers involved
in the cleanup process are federal contract workers -- people
employed by private companies under contract with the
Federal Government. A smaller number of workers in-
volved in the cleanup project include federal employees who
work directly for the Federal Government, state employees
who work for the State of Washington, and private employ-
ees who work for private companies not under contract with
the Federal Government.
In 2018, Washington enacted a workers' compensation
law that, by its terms, applied only to Hanford site workers
"engaged in the performance of work, either directly or in-
directly, for the United States." Wash. Rev. Code.32.187(1)(b). Despite the literal language of this stat-
ute, another provision of Washington law makes clear -- and
all parties here agree -- that the statute applies only to fed-
eral contract workers and not to federal employees. See.12.060; Brief for United States 8, ; Brief for Re-
spondents 13. This is because Congress' waiver of immun-
ity does not extend to those whom the Federal Government
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of the Court

employs directly. See 40 U. S. C..
As compared to the general state workers' compensation
regime, Washington's law makes it easier for federal con-
tract workers at Hanford to establish their entitlement to
workers' compensation. In particular, the statute creates a
causal presumption that certain diseases and illnesses are
caused by the cleanup work at Hanford. See Wash. Rev.
Code.32.187(2), (3), (4). The presumption is rebuttable
only by clear and convincing evidence..32.187(2)(b).
And the presumption lasts for a worker's entire life, even
after the worker's time at Hanford ends..32.187(5)(a).
Because the Federal Government pays workers' compensa-
tion claims for federal contractors at Hanford, see App. 48 -- 
50, Washington's law increases workers' compensation
costs for the Federal Government.
The United States brought suit against Washington, ar-
guing that its law violated the Supremacy Clause by dis-
criminating against the Federal Government. The District
Court concluded that the state law fell within the scope of
the federal waiver of immunity contained in 40 U. S. C.
and was therefore constitutional. The Ninth Circuit
affirmed. See 994 F. 3d 994, 1012 (2020). We granted cer-
tiorari to determine the constitutionality of Washington's
law.
II
Washington first claims that this case is moot. After we
granted certiorari, Washington enacted a new statute, see
S. 5890, 67th Leg., Reg. Sess. (2022), which changed the
scope of the original law. The law's causal presumption no
longer applies exclusively to Hanford site workers who
"work, either directly or indirectly, for the United States.".32.187(1)(b). Instead, under the new law, the presump-
tion applies more broadly to any "worker working at a radi-
ological hazardous waste facility." 2022 Wash. Sess. Laws
4 UNITED STATES v. WASHINGTON

Opinion of the Court

p. 437. This new law, Washington argues, does not discrim-
inate against the Federal Government, and its enactment
thus moots the present dispute.
A case is not moot, however, unless " 'it is impossible for
[us] to grant any effectual relief.' " Mission Product Hold-
ings, Inc. v. Tempnology, LLC, 587 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) ). If there is money at stake, the case is not moot.
See 587 U. S., at ___. The United States as-
serts that, if we rule in its favor, it will either recoup or
avoid paying between $17 million and $37 million in work-
ers' compensation claims that lower courts have awarded
under the earlier law. See Response in Opposition to Sug-
gestion of Mootness 11 -- 12. Some of these claims are not
yet final because they are still on appeal. See Reply in Sup-
port of Suggestion of Mootness 12. Washington argues that,
even if the United States wins, the Government will not re-
cover or avoid any payments because the new statute ap-
plies retroactively and is broad enough to encompass any
claim filed under the earlier law. But it is not our practice
to interpret statutes in the first instance, Zivotofsky v. Clin-
ton, (2012), and we decline to do so here
by deciding the retroactivity or breadth of Washington's
new law. Nor do we know how Washington's state courts
will resolve these questions. It is thus not "impossible" that
the United States will recover money if we rule in its favor,
and this case is not moot.
III
A
In McCulloch v. Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316 (1819), this
Court held unconstitutional Maryland's effort to tax the
Bank of the United States when Maryland imposed no com-
parable tax on any other bank within the State. Id., at 425 -- 
437. Chief Justice John Marshall explained that, under the
Supremacy Clause, "the States have no power, by taxation
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of the Court

or otherwise, to retard, impede, burden, or in any manner
control, the operations of the constitutional laws enacted by
Congress to carry into execution the powers vested in the
general government." Id., at 436. The Court thus inter-
preted the Constitution as prohibiting States from interfer-
ing with or controlling the operations of the Federal Gov-
ernment.
Over time this constitutional doctrine, often called the in-
tergovernmental immunity doctrine, evolved. Originally
we understood it as barring any state law whose "effect...
was or might be to increase the cost to the Federal Govern-
ment of performing its functions," including laws that im-
posed costs on federal contractors. United States v. County
of Fresno, (1977). We later came to un-
derstand the doctrine, however, as prohibiting state laws
that either "regulat[e] the United States directly or discrim-
inat[e] against the Federal Government or those with whom
it deals" (e.g., contractors). North Dakota v. United States,
(1990) (plurality opinion) ; id., at 444 (Scalia, J., concurring in judgment) (not-
ing that "[a]ll agree" with this aspect of the plurality opin-
ion); see also Baker, 485 U. S., at 523; County of Fresno, 429
U. S., at 462 -- 463. As to the latter, discrimination-related
prohibition, a state law is thus no longer unconstitutional
just because it indirectly increases costs for the Federal
Government, so long as the law imposes those costs in a
neutral, nondiscriminatory way.
We have said that a state law discriminates against the
Federal Government or its contractors if it "single[s them]
out" for less favorable "treatment," Washington v. United
States, (1983), or if it regulates them un-
favorably on some basis related to their governmental "sta-
tus," North Dakota, 495 U. S., at 438 (plurality opinion).
Washington's law violates these principles by singling
out the Federal Government for unfavorable treatment. On
6 UNITED STATES v. WASHINGTON

Opinion of the Court

its face, the law applies only to a "person, including a con-
tractor or subcontractor, who was engaged in the perfor-
mance of work, either directly or indirectly, for the United
States.".32.187(1)(b). The law thereby explicitly treats
federal workers differently than state or private workers.
Cf. Dawson v. Steager, 586 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) ("Whether a State treats similarly situated state and fed-
eral employees differently depends on how the State has de-
fined the favored class"). And, in doing so, the law imposes
upon the Federal Government costs that state or private
entities do not bear. The law consequently violates the Su-
premacy Clause unless Congress has consented to such reg-
ulation through waiver.
B
We will find that Congress has authorized regulation that
would otherwise violate the Federal Government's inter-
governmental immunity "only when and to the extent there
is a clear congressional mandate." Hancock v. Train, (1976).
In other words, Congress must "provid[e] 'clear and unam-
biguous' authorization for" this kind of state regulation.
Goodyear Atomic, 486 U. S., at 180 ).
Washington argues that Congress has provided such au-
thorization by waiving federal immunity from state work-
ers' compensation laws on federal lands and projects. The
statutory waiver Washington relies upon, 40 U. S. C., says that "[t]he state authority charged with en-
forcing and requiring compliance with the state workers'
compensation laws... may apply [those] laws to all land
and premises in the State which the Federal Government
owns," as well as "to all projects, buildings, constructions,
improvements, and property in the State and belonging to
the Government, in the same way and to the same extent
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of the Court

as if the premises were under the exclusive jurisdiction of
the State." Washington reads the statute's language
broadly to "effectuat[e] a complete waiver of intergovern-
mental immunity as to workers' compensation on federal
lands or projects." Brief for Respondents 34. And Washington asserts that it has acted within
the scope of this waiver by "apply[ing]" a "state workers'
compensation law" to federal "lands" and "projects" at the
Hanford site just "as if the premises were under the exclu-
sive jurisdiction of the State."
In our view, however, 's waiver does not "clearly
and unambiguously" authorize a State to enact a discrimi-
natory law that facially singles out the Federal Government
for unfavorable treatment. One can reasonably read the
statute as containing a narrower waiver of immunity,
namely, as only authorizing a State to extend its generally
applicable state workers' compensation laws to federal
lands and projects within the State.
For one thing, the statute requires state enforcement au-
thorities to apply state laws to federal premises "in the
same way and to the same extent as if the premises were
under the exclusive jurisdiction of the State.".
The "in the same way and to the same extent" language
suggests that the statute contemplates laws that could ap-
ply to state, as well as to federal, premises and employees.
The statute also gives to "[t]he state authority charged
with enforcing... the state workers' compensation laws"
the power to "apply the laws to" federal lands and projects.
Ibid.. This language seems to contem-
plate application of state provisions that apply at least in
part to nonfederal (i.e., state and private) workers. After
all, those are the laws that state enforcement authorities
ordinarily enforce.
Further, the title of the statutory waiver provision refers
to the "Extension of state workers' compensation laws to
buildings, works, and property of the Federal Government."
8 UNITED STATES v. WASHINGTON

Opinion of the Court

(emphasis added; boldface deleted). The word "ex-
tension" suggests application to federal premises of a
State's generally applicable workers' compensation laws -- 
laws that have some independent significance beyond the
federal context.
Finally, preventing discrimination against the Federal
Government lies at the heart of the Constitution's intergov-
ernmental immunity doctrine. See County of Fresno, 429
U. S., at 462 -- 464; Washington, 460 U. S., at 545 -- 546.
Without the prohibition on discrimination, what prevents a
State from imposing unduly high costs on the Federal Gov-
ernment for the benefit of the State's own citizens? To put
the point more specifically, if discrimination is permissible
here, what prevents Washington from bestowing a windfall
upon its residents through an especially generous workers'
compensation scheme financed exclusively by the Federal
Government? Washington's voters would not mind; they
would not pay for the costs of the scheme. And some Wash-
ington residents -- those working for the Federal Govern-
ment -- would benefit from it. The nondiscrimination prin-
ciple provides a political check on the State's ability to
impose such laws by ensuring that the State's own citizens
shoulder at least some of the costs. See McCulloch, 4
Wheat., at 428, 435 -- 436. Discriminatory provisions like
the one before us contain no such ballot-box safeguard.
That fact reinforces the need to read waivers of intergov-
ernmental immunity narrowly, at least where a State
claims that Congress has waived immunity from discrimi-
natory state laws. In our view, for the reasons we have
stated, the statutory language of 's waiver permits a
reading that does not allow discrimination against the Fed-
eral Government. The waiver thus does not " 'clear[ly] and
unambiguous[ly]' " authorize Washington's discriminatory
law. Goodyear Atomic, 486 U. S., at 180; cf. FAA v. Cooper,
(2012) (noting that a statute does not
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of the Court

"unequivocally" waive Federal Government's sovereign im-
munity if "it is plausible to read the statute" differently).
C
We find Washington's other arguments unconvincing.
Washington emphasizes one phrase in the waiver statute,
namely, the phrase that allows a State to apply its workers'
compensation laws to federal premises "as if the premises
were under the exclusive jurisdiction of the State.". This phrase, however, appears immediately after
the "in the same way and to the same extent" language.
Ibid. And, as we explained above, reading the two clauses
together, the statute could plausibly be interpreted to allow
only the extension of generally applicable workers' compen-
sation laws to federal premises. It thus does not clearly and
unambiguously permit the kind of discrimination that
Washington's "federal workers only" law contains.
Washington also points to other congressional waivers of
intergovernmental immunity that explicitly maintain the
constitutional prohibition against discriminatory state
laws. Congress, for example, has waived immunity from
state taxation of a federal officer, but only "if the taxation
does not discriminate against the officer... because of the
source of the pay or compensation." 4 U. S. C.. Con-
gress has also waived immunity from the application of cer-
tain state environmental laws to federal facilities, but only
if the law does not "apply any standard or requirement to
such facilities which is more stringent than" the standards
applicable to nonfederal facilities. 42 U. S. C. (4).
The waiver statute here, Washington points out, does not
contain any similarly explicit antidiscrimination language.
This fact, however, does not tip the balance sufficiently in
Washington's favor. As we have explained, preventing dis-
crimination against the Federal Government is a core as-
pect of the intergovernmental immunity doctrine. This im-
munity prohibits States from enacting discriminatory laws
10 UNITED STATES v. WASHINGTON

Opinion of the Court

unless Congress clearly and unambiguously waives it. See
Goodyear Atomic, 486 U. S., at 180. The fact that Congress
more explicitly preserved the immunity in other contexts
does not mean that Congress clearly waived it here. Nor
does the lack of an explicit antidiscrimination reference
convert an ambiguous statutory waiver into one that unam-
biguously authorizes discrimination. Indeed, Washington
points to no waiver statute that courts have interpreted as
permitting the kind of explicit discrimination that Wash-
ington's law contains. Given that broader context, Con-
gress' explicit antidiscrimination language in the tax and
environmental waivers as much suggests Congress' general
hesitation to allow discrimination as it suggests that Con-
gress authorized it here.
Finally, Washington seeks support from our decision in
Goodyear Atomic. The issue in that case, however, con-
cerned the scope of the phrase " 'workmen's compensation
laws' " in 's substantively-identical predecessor stat-
ute. See 486 U. S., at 183. Specifically, the question was
whether that phrase encompassed state laws that permit-
ted "supplemental" workers' compensation awards or only
state laws that permitted "standard" awards. Ibid. We
held that the phrase encompassed laws permitting supple-
mental awards. See ibid. (stating that the statute "places
no express limitation on the type of workers' compensation
scheme that is authorized"). But in doing so, we said noth-
ing about laws that explicitly discriminate against the Fed-
eral Government. Rather, we wrote that, "[o]n its face," the
waiver statute "compels the same workers' compensation
award for an employee injured at a federally owned facility
as the employee would receive if working for a wholly pri-
vate facility." Id., at 183 -- 184. We added that it was "clear"
from the statute's text "that Congress intended" state work-
ers' compensation laws "to apply to federal facilities 'to the
same extent' that they apply to private facilities within the
State." Id., at 185. These statements from Goodyear
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

Opinion of the Court

Atomic tend to support, not undermine, our conclusion to-
day.
* * *
Washington's law facially discriminates against the Fed-
eral Government and its contractors. Because does
not clearly and unambiguously waive the Government's im-
munity from discriminatory state laws, Washington's law is
unconstitutional under the Supremacy Clause. The Ninth
Circuit's conclusion to the contrary is reversed, and the case
is remanded for further proceedings consistent with this
opinion.
It is so ordered.

============================================================

Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

Statement of BREYER, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
JOE CLARENCE SMITH, JR. v. DAVID SHINN,
DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF
CORRECTIONS, REHABILITATION
AND REENTRY, ET AL.
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
No. 21 -- 1268. Decided May 23, 2022

The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.
Statement of JUSTICE BREYER respecting the denial of
certiorari.
Joe Clarence Smith was first sentenced to death in 1977,
more than 44 years ago. Pet. for Cert. 2. The Arizona Su-
preme Court vacated that sentence as unconstitutional and
remanded for resentencing in 1979. Id., at 3; App. to Pet.
for Cert. 9. On remand, Smith was sentenced to death a
second time. Ibid. Twenty years later in 1999, the Ninth
Circuit vacated Smith's second death sentence, again on
constitutional grounds. Smith v. Stewart, 189 F. 3d 1004.
Smith was then resentenced to death a third time in 2004.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 10.
In 2007, 30 years after Smith was first sentenced to
death, he petitioned this Court to review the constitution-
ality of his death sentence. He argued that it would be cruel
and unusual to execute him after such a lengthy delay. The
Court denied certiorari, and I dissented because I believed
that Smith could "reasonably claim that his execution at
this late date would be 'unusual'... particularly when
much of the delay at issue seems due to constitutionally de-
fective sentencing proceedings." Smith v. Arizona, (2007). In 2017, Smith again petitioned for
certiorari on the same issue, and the Court again denied his
petition. I wrote again to express my continued concern
2 SMITH v. SHINN

Statement of BREYER, J.

that the length of time Smith had spent on death row raised
serious constitutional questions. But I recognized that pro-
cedural obstacles (which had not been present in his first
petition for certiorari 10 years earlier) now made it difficult
for the Court to grant certiorari on that question. Smith v.
Ryan, 581 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) (statement respecting denial
of certiorari).
Smith's case is now before us for the third time. By now,
more than 44 years have passed since his first death sen-
tence. Pet. for Cert. 2. And he "has spent almost all of
[that] time" in solitary confinement, "alone in a cell that...
measures 86.4 square feet, or roughly the size of a compact
parking space." Id., at 3 -- 4 (footnote omitted). Smith tells
us that only four other prisoners in all of the United States
have been on death row longer than he has. Id., at 4 -- 5, and.
We have said that the uncertainty of waiting in prison
under threat of execution for just four weeks is "one of the
most horrible feelings to which [a person] can be subjected."
In re Medley, (1890). On top of that,
"[y]ears on end of near-total isolation exact a terrible price."
Davis v. Ayala, (2015) (Kennedy, J., con-
curring). Smith has been subjected to those conditions, not
for four weeks, but for four decades. While I recognize, as I
did in 2017, that procedural obstacles make it difficult for
us to grant certiorari here, I continue to believe that the
excessive length of time that Smith and others have spent
on death row awaiting execution raises serious doubts
about the constitutionality of the death penalty as it is cur-
rently administered. See Glossip v. Gross, (2015) (dissenting opinion); see also, e.g., Buntion v.
Lumpkin, 596 U. S. ___ (2022) (statement respecting denial
of application for stay); Hamm v. Dunn, 583 U. S. ___ (2018)
(statement respecting denial of application for stay and de-
nial of certiorari).

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court.
When the government encourages diverse expression -- 
say, by creating a forum for debate -- the First Amendment
prevents it from discriminating against speakers based on
their viewpoint. See Rosenberger v. Rector and Visitors of
Univ. of Va., -- 830 (1995). But when the
government speaks for itself, the First Amendment does not
demand airtime for all views. After all, the government
must be able to "promote a program" or "espouse a policy"
in order to function. Walker v. Texas Div., Sons of Confed-
erate Veterans, Inc., (2015). The line be-
tween a forum for private expression and the government's
own speech is important, but not always clear.
This case concerns a flagpole outside Boston City Hall.
For years, Boston has allowed private groups to request use
of the flagpole to raise flags of their choosing. As part of
this program, Boston approved hundreds of requests to
raise dozens of different flags. The city did not deny a single
request to raise a flag until, in 2017, Harold Shurtleff, the
director of a group called Camp Constitution, asked to fly a
2 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

Opinion of the Court

Christian flag. Boston refused. At that time, Boston ad-
mits, it had no written policy limiting use of the flagpole
based on the content of a flag. The parties dispute whether,
on these facts, Boston reserved the pole to fly flags that
communicate governmental messages, or instead opened
the flagpole for citizens to express their own views. If the
former, Boston is free to choose the flags it flies without the
constraints of the First Amendment's Free Speech Clause.
If the latter, the Free Speech Clause prevents Boston from
refusing a flag based on its viewpoint.
We conclude that, on balance, Boston did not make the
raising and flying of private groups' flags a form of govern-
ment speech. That means, in turn, that Boston's refusal to
let Shurtleff and Camp Constitution raise their flag based
on its religious viewpoint "abridg[ed]" their "freedom of
speech." U. S. Const., Amdt. I.
I
A
The flagpole at issue stands at the entrance of Boston
City Hall. See Appendix, infra. Built in the late 1960s,
Boston City Hall is a raw concrete structure, an example of
the brutalist style. Critics of the day heralded it as a public
building that "articulates its functions" with "strength, dig-
nity, grace, and even glamor." J. Conti, A New City Hall:
Boston's Boost for Urban Renewal, Wall Street Journal,
Feb. 12, 1969, p. 14. (The design has since proved some-
what more controversial. See, e.g., E. Mason, Boston City
Hall Named World's Ugliest Building, Boston Herald
(Nov. 15, 2008), https://www.bostonherald.com/2008/11/15/
boston-city-hall-named-worlds-ugliest-building.) More to
the point, Boston City Hall sits on City Hall Plaza, a 7-acre
expanse paved with New England brick. Inspired by open
public spaces like the Piazza del Campo in Siena, the plaza
was designed to be " 'Boston's fairground,' " a "public gath-
ering spac[e]" for the people. N. DeCosta-Klipa, Why Is
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of the Court

Boston City Hall the Way It Is? Boston.com (July 25, 2018),
https://www.boston.com/news/history/2018/07/ 25/boston-
city-hall-brutalism.
On the plaza, near City Hall's entrance, stand three 83-
foot flagpoles. Boston flies the American flag from the first
pole (along with a banner honoring prisoners of war and
soldiers missing in action). From the second, it flies the flag
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. And from the
third, it usually (but not always) flies Boston's flag -- a
sketch of the "City on a Hill" encircled by a ring against a
blue backdrop.
Boston makes City Hall Plaza available to the public for
events. Boston acknowledges that this means the plaza is
a "public forum." Brief for Respondents 27. The city's policy
is, "[w]here possible," "to accommodate all applicants seek-
ing to take advantage of the City of Boston's public forums,"
including the plaza and the area at the flagpoles' base. App.
to Pet. for Cert. 133a, 137a.
For years, since at least 2005, the city has allowed groups
to hold flag-raising ceremonies on the plaza. Participants
may hoist a flag of their choosing on the third flagpole (in
place of the city's flag) and fly it for the duration of the
event, typically a couple of hours. Most ceremonies have
involved the flags of other countries -- from Albania to Ven-
ezuela -- marking the national holidays of Bostonians' many
countries of origin. But several flag raisings have been as-
sociated with other kinds of groups or causes, such as Pride
Week, emergency medical service workers, and a commu-
nity bank. All told, between 2005 and 2017, Boston ap-
proved about 50 unique flags, raised at 284 ceremonies.
Boston has no record of refusing a request before the events
that gave rise to this case. We turn now to those events.
B
In July 2017, Harold Shurtleff, the director of an organi-
zation called Camp Constitution, asked to hold a flag-
4 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

Opinion of the Court

raising event that September on City Hall Plaza. The event
would "commemorate the civic and social contributions of
the Christian community" and feature remarks by local
clergy. Id., at 130a -- 131a. As part of the ceremony, the or-
ganization wished to raise what it described as the "Chris-
tian flag." Id., at 131a. To the event application, Shurtleff
attached a photo of the proposed flag: a red cross on a blue
field against a white background.
The commissioner of Boston's Property Management De-
partment said no. The problem was "not the content of the
Christian flag," but "the fact that it was the Christian flag
or [was] called the Christian flag." App. in No. 20 -- 1158
(CA1), at 212 -- 213 (deposition of then-commissioner Greg-
ory T. Rooney, hereafter Rooney deposition). The commis-
sioner worried that flying a religious flag at City Hall could
violate the Constitution's Establishment Clause and found
no record of Boston ever having raised such a flag. He told
Shurtleff that Camp Constitution could proceed with the
event if they would raise a different flag. Needless to say,
they did not want to do so.
C
Shurtleff and Camp Constitution (petitioners) sued Bos-
ton and the commissioner of its Property Management De-
partment (respondents). Petitioners claimed that Boston's
refusal to let them raise their flag violated, among other
things, the First Amendment's Free Speech Clause. They
asked for an immediate order requiring Boston to allow the
flag raising, but the District Court denied the request. See
337 F. Supp. 3d 66 (Mass. 2018), aff 'd, 928 F. 3d 166 (CA1
2019). The parties engaged in discovery. At its close, they
filed cross-motions for summary judgment. The parties
agreed to all relevant facts and submitted a joint statement
setting them out. App. to Pet. for Cert. 128a -- 160a.
On that record, the District Court held that flying private
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of the Court

groups' flags from City Hall's third pole amounted to gov-
ernment speech. See 2020 WL 555248, *5, ___ F. Supp. 3d
___, ___ (Mass., Feb. 4, 2020). Hence, the city acted within
its constitutional authority in declining to raise Camp Con-
stitution's flag. Id., at *3, *5. The District Court therefore
granted summary judgment for Boston. The First Circuit
affirmed. See 986 F. 3d 78 (2021).
Shurtleff and Camp Constitution next petitioned this
Court for certiorari. We agreed to decide whether the flags
Boston allows groups to fly express government speech, and
whether Boston could, consistent with the Free Speech
Clause, deny petitioners' flag-raising request.
II
A
The first and basic question we must answer is whether
Boston's flag-raising program constitutes government
speech. If so, Boston may refuse flags based on viewpoint.
The First Amendment's Free Speech Clause does not pre-
vent the government from declining to express a view. See
Pleasant Grove City v. Summum, -- 469
(2009). When the government wishes to state an opinion,
to speak for the community, to formulate policies, or to im-
plement programs, it naturally chooses what to say and
what not to say. See Walker, 576 U. S., at 207 -- 208. That
must be true for government to work. Boston could not eas-
ily congratulate the Red Sox on a victory were the city pow-
erless to decline to simultaneously transmit the views of
disappointed Yankees fans. The Constitution therefore re-
lies first and foremost on the ballot box, not on rules against
viewpoint discrimination, to check the government when it
speaks. See Board of Regents of Univ. of Wis. System v.
Southworth, (2000).
The boundary between government speech and private
expression can blur when, as here, a government invites the
people to participate in a program. In those situations,
6 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

Opinion of the Court

when does government-public engagement transmit the
government's own message? And when does it instead cre-
ate a forum for the expression of private speakers' views?
In answering these questions, we conduct a holistic in-
quiry designed to determine whether the government in-
tends to speak for itself or to regulate private expression.
Our review is not mechanical; it is driven by a case's context
rather than the rote application of rigid factors. Our past
cases have looked to several types of evidence to guide the
analysis, including: the history of the expression at issue;
the public's likely perception as to who (the government or
a private person) is speaking; and the extent to which the
government has actively shaped or controlled the expres-
sion. See Walker, 576 U. S., at 209 -- 214.
Considering these indicia in Summum, we held that the
messages of permanent monuments in a public park consti-
tuted government speech, even when the monuments were
privately funded and donated. See 555 U. S., at 470 -- 473.
In Walker, we explained that license plate designs proposed
by private groups also amounted to government speech be-
cause, among other reasons, the State that issued the plates
"maintain[ed] direct control over the messages conveyed"
by "actively" reviewing designs and rejecting over a dozen
proposals. 576 U. S., at 213. In Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S.
___ (2017), on the other hand, we concluded that trade-
marking words or symbols generated by private registrants
did not amount to government speech. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 18). Though the Patent and Trademark Office
had to approve each proposed mark, it did not exercise suf-
ficient control over the nature and content of those marks
to convey a governmental message in so doing. Ibid. These
precedents point our way today.
B
Applying the government-speech analysis to this record,
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of the Court

we find that some evidence favors Boston, and other evi-
dence favors Shurtleff.
To begin, we look to the history of flag flying, particularly
at the seat of government. Were we to consider only that
general history, we would find that it supports Boston.
Flags are almost as old as human civilization. Indeed,
flags symbolize civilization. From the "primordial rag
dipped in the blood of a conquered enemy and lifted high on
a stick," to the feudal banner bearing a lord's coats of arms,
to the standards of the Aztecs, nearly every society has
taken a piece of cloth and "endow[ed] it, through the cir-
cumstances of its display, with a condensed power" to speak
for the community. W. Smith, Flags Through the Ages and
Across the World 1 -- 2, 32, 34 (1975). Little wonder that the
Continental Congress, seeking to define a new nation,
"[r]esolved" on June 14, 1777, "[t]hat the Flag of the...
United States be thirteen stripes, alternate red and white:
that the union be thirteen stars, white in a blue field, rep-
resenting a new constellation." 8 Journals of the Continen-
tal Congress 1774 -- 1789, p. 464 (W. Ford ed. 1907). Today,
the American flag continues to symbolize our Nation, a con-
stellation of 50 stars standing for the 50 States.
Other contemporary flags, both state and local, reflect
their communities. Boston's flag, for instance, bears the
city's seal and motto rendered in blue and buff -- the colors
of the Continental Army's Revolutionary War uniforms.
See Symbols of the City of Boston, City of Boston (July 16,
2016), https://www.boston.gov/departments/tourism-sports-
and-entertainment/symbols-city-boston (Symbols of Bos-
ton).
Not just the content of a flag, but also its presence and
position have long conveyed important messages about gov-
ernment. The early morning sight of the stars and stripes
above Fort McHenry told Francis Scott Key (and, through
his poem, he told the rest of us) that the great experiment -- 
8 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

Opinion of the Court

the land of the free -- had survived the British attack on Bal-
timore Harbor. See C. Lineberry, The Story Behind the
Star Spangled Banner, Smithsonian Magazine (Mar. 1,
2007). No less familiar, a flag at halfstaff tells us that the
government is paying its "respect to th[e] memory" of some-
one who has died. 4 U. S. C.. (Congress has ex-
plained, across several sections of the U. S. Code, the mean-
ing we should take from the "position," "manner," "time,"
and "occasions" of the American flag's display., 7.) And
the presence of the Royal Standard flying from Windsor
Castle's Round Tower says the Queen is home. See Windsor
Castle Today, Royal Collection Trust, www.rct.uk/visit/
windsor-castle/windsor-castle-today.
The flying of a flag other than a government's own can
also convey a governmental message. A foreign flag outside
Blair House, across the street from the White House, sig-
nals that a foreign leader is visiting and the residence has
"becom[e] a de facto diplomatic mission of the guest's home
nation." M. French, United States Protocol: The Guide to
Official Diplomatic Etiquette 298 (2010). And, according to
international custom, when flags of two or more nations are
displayed together, they cannot be flown one nation above
the other "in time of peace." 4 U. S. C..
Keeping with this tradition, flags on Boston's City Hall
Plaza usually convey the city's messages. On a typical day,
the American flag, the Massachusetts flag, and the City of
Boston's flag wave from three flagpoles. Boston's flag, when
flying there at full mast, symbolizes the city. When flying
at halfstaff, it conveys a community message of sympathy
or somber remembrance. When displayed at other public
buildings, it marks the mayor's presence. See Symbols of
Boston. The city also sometimes conveys a message by re-
placing its flag with another. When Boston's mayor lost a
bet with Montreal's about whose hockey team would win a
playoff series, Boston, duty-bound in defeat, hoisted the
Canadiens' banner. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 54 -- 55.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of the Court

While this history favors Boston, it is only our starting
point. The question remains whether, on the 20 or so times
a year when Boston allowed private groups to raise their
own flags, those flags, too, expressed the city's message. So
we must examine the details of this flag-flying program.
Next, then, we consider whether the public would tend to
view the speech at issue as the government's. In this case,
the circumstantial evidence does not tip the scale. On an
ordinary day, a passerby on Cambridge Street sees three
government flags representing the Nation, State, and city.
Those flags wave "in unison, side-by-side, from matching
flagpoles," just outside " 'the entrance to Boston's seat of
government.' " 986 F. 3d, at 88. Like the monuments in the
public park in Summum, the flags "play an important role
in defining the identity that [the] city projects to its own
residents and to the outside world." 555 U. S., at 472. So,
like the license plates in Walker, the public seems likely to
see the flags as " 'conveying some message' " on the govern-
ment's " 'behalf.' " 576 U. S., at 212.
But as we have said, Boston allowed its flag to be lowered
and other flags to be raised with some regularity. These
other flags were raised in connection with ceremonies at the
flagpoles' base and remained aloft during the events. Peti-
tioners say that a pedestrian glimpsing a flag other than
Boston's on the third flagpole might simply look down onto
the plaza, see a group of private citizens conducting a cere-
mony without the city's presence, and associate the new
flag with them, not Boston. Thus, even if the public would
ordinarily associate a flag's message with Boston, that is
not necessarily true for the flags at issue here. Again, this
evidence of the public's perception does not resolve whether
Boston conveyed a city message with these flags.
Finally, we look at the extent to which Boston actively
controlled these flag raisings and shaped the messages the
flags sent. The answer, it seems, is not at all. And that is
10 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

Opinion of the Court

the most salient feature of this case.
To be sure, Boston maintained control over an event's
date and time to avoid conflicts. It maintained control over
the plaza's physical premises, presumably to avoid chaos.
And it provided a hand crank so that groups could rig and
raise their chosen flags. But it is Boston's control over the
flags' content and meaning that here is key; that type of
control would indicate that Boston meant to convey the
flags' messages.
On this issue, Boston's record is thin. Boston says that
all (or at least most) of the 50 unique flags it approved re-
flect particular city-approved values or views. Flying flags
associated with other countries celebrated Bostonians'
many different national origins; flying other flags, Boston
adds, was not "wholly unconnected" from a diversity mes-
sage or "some other day or cause the City or Commonwealth
had already endorsed." Brief for Respondents 8, 35. That
may well be true of the Pride Flag raised annually to com-
memorate Boston Pride Week. See Brief for Common-
wealth of Massachusetts et al. as Amici Curiae 25 -- 26 (cit-
ing reports that the then-mayor of Boston gave remarks as
the Pride Flag was raised). But it is more difficult to dis-
cern a connection to the city as to, say, the Metro Credit
Union flag raising, a ceremony by a local community bank.
In any event, we do not settle this dispute by counting
noses -- or, rather, counting flags. That is so for several rea-
sons. For one thing, Boston told the public that it sought
"to accommodate all applicants" who wished to hold events
at Boston's "public forums," including on City Hall Plaza.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 137a. The application form asked only
for contact information and a brief description of the event,
with proposed dates and times. The city employee who han-
dled applications testified by deposition that he had previ-
ously "never requested to review a flag or requested
changes to a flag in connection with approval"; nor did he
even see flags before the events. Id., at 150a. The city's
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

Opinion of the Court

practice was to approve flag raisings, without exception. It
has no record of denying a request until Shurtleff 's. Boston
acknowledges it "hadn't spent a lot of time really thinking
about" its flag-raising practices until this case. App. in
No. 20 -- 1158 (CA1), at 140 (Rooney deposition). True to its
word, the city had nothing -- no written policies or clear in-
ternal guidance -- about what flags groups could fly and
what those flags would communicate.
Compare the extent of Boston's control over flag raisings
with the degree of government involvement in our most rel-
evant precedents. In Summum, we emphasized that Pleas-
ant Grove City always selected which monuments it would
place in its park (whether or not the government funded
those monuments), and it typically took ownership over
them. 555 U. S., at 472 -- 473. In Walker, a state board
"maintain[ed] direct control" over license plate designs by
"actively" reviewing every proposal and rejecting at least a
dozen. 576 U. S., at 213. Boston has no comparable record.
The facts of this case are much closer to Matal v. Tam.
There, we held that trademarks were not government
speech because the Patent and Trademark Office registered
all manner of marks and normally did not consider their
viewpoint, except occasionally to turn away marks it
deemed "offensive." 582 U. S., at ___, ___ (,
22). Boston's come-one-come-all attitude -- except, that is,
for Camp Constitution's religious flag -- is similar.
Boston could easily have done more to make clear it
wished to speak for itself by raising flags. Other cities' flag-
flying policies support our conclusion. The City of San Jose,
California, for example, provides in writing that its " 'flag-
poles are not intended to serve as a forum for free expres-
sion by the public,' " and lists approved flags that may be
flown " 'as an expression of the City's official sentiments.' "
See Brief for Commonwealth of Massachusetts et al. as
Amici Curiae 18.
12 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

Opinion of the Court

All told, while the historical practice of flag flying at gov-
ernment buildings favors Boston, the city's lack of meaning-
ful involvement in the selection of flags or the crafting of
their messages leads us to classify the flag raisings as pri-
vate, not government, speech -- though nothing prevents
Boston from changing its policies going forward.
III
Last, we consider whether Boston's refusal to allow
Shurtleff and Camp Constitution to raise their flag
amounted to impermissible viewpoint discrimination.
Boston acknowledges that it denied Shurtleff 's request
because it believed flying a religious flag at City Hall could
violate the Establishment Clause. And it admits this con-
cern proceeded from the premise that raising the flag would
express government speech. See Brief in Opposition 23 (ex-
plaining that "viewpoint neutrality" was "incompatible"
with Boston's view of its program). But we have rejected
that premise in the preceding pages. We must therefore
consider Boston's actions in light of our holding.
When a government does not speak for itself, it may not
exclude speech based on "religious viewpoint"; doing so
"constitutes impermissible viewpoint discrimination."
Good News Club v. Milford Central School, (2001). Applying that rule, we have held, for example,
that a public university may not bar student-activity funds
from reimbursing only religious groups. See Rosenberger,
515 U. S., at 830 -- 834. Here, Boston concedes that it denied
Shurtleff 's request solely because the Christian flag he
asked to raise "promot[ed] a specific religion." App. to Pet.
for Cert. 155a. Under our prec-
edents, and in view of our government-speech holding here,
that refusal discriminated based on religious viewpoint and
violated the Free Speech Clause.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

Opinion of the Court

* * *
For the foregoing reasons, we conclude that Boston's flag-
raising program does not express government speech. As a
result, the city's refusal to let Shurtleff and Camp Consti-
tution fly their flag based on its religious viewpoint violated
the Free Speech Clause of the First Amendment. We re-
verse the First Circuit's contrary judgment and remand the
case for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
 APPENDIX TO OPINION OF THE COURT
The flagpoles outside Boston City Hall fly the American flag, the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts flag, and the city flag, side by side, on an ordinary day.

Source: Preservation Priorities, Boston Preservation Alliance (Feb. 3, 2022), https://boston-preservation.
org/news-item/preservation-priorities-letter-mayor-wu
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 1800
_________________

HAROLD SHURTLEFF, ET AL., PETITIONERS v. CITY
OF BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIRST CIRCUIT
[May 2, 2022]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring.
This dispute arose only because of a government official's
mistaken understanding of the Establishment Clause. A
Boston official believed that the City would violate the Es-
tablishment Clause if it allowed a religious flag to briefly
fly outside of City Hall as part of the flag-raising program
that the City had opened to the public. So Boston granted
requests to fly a variety of secular flags, but denied a re-
quest to fly a religious flag. As this Court has repeatedly
made clear, however, a government does not violate the Es-
tablishment Clause merely because it treats religious per-
sons, organizations, and speech equally with secular per-
sons, organizations, and speech in public programs,
benefits, facilities, and the like. See, e.g., Zelman v.
Simmons-Harris, (2002). On the contrary, a
government violates the Constitution when (as here) it ex-
cludes religious persons, organizations, or speech because
of religion from public programs, benefits, facilities, and the
like. See, e.g., Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Revenue, 591
U. S. ___ (2020); Good News Club v. Milford Central School,
(2001); McDaniel v. Paty, (1978).
Under the Constitution, a government may not treat reli-
gious persons, religious organizations, or religious speech
as second-class.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 1800
_________________

HAROLD SHURTLEFF, ET AL., PETITIONERS v. CITY
OF BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIRST CIRCUIT
[May 2, 2022]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS and
JUSTICE GORSUCH join, concurring in the judgment.
I agree with the Court's conclusion that Boston (hereafter
City) violated the First Amendment's guarantee of freedom
of speech when it rejected Camp Constitution's application
to fly what it characterized as a "Christian flag." But I can-
not go along with the Court's decision to analyze this case
in terms of the triad of factors -- history, the public's percep-
tion of who is speaking, and the extent to which the govern-
ment has exercised control over speech -- that our decision
in Walker v. Texas Div., Sons of Confederate Veterans, Inc.,
(2015), derived from Pleasant Grove City v.
Summum, (2009). See ante, at 6 -- 12. As the
Court now recognizes, those cases did not set forth a test
that always and everywhere applies when the government
claims that its actions are immune to First Amendment
challenge under the government-speech doctrine. And
treating those factors as a test obscures the real question in
government-speech cases: whether the government is
speaking instead of regulating private expression.
I
The government-speech doctrine recognizes that the Free
Speech Clause of the First Amendment "restricts govern-
ment regulation of private speech" but "does not regulate
2 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

government speech." Summum, 555 U. S., at 467. That
doctrine presents no serious problems when the govern-
ment speaks in its own voice -- for example, when an official
gives a speech in a representative capacity or a governmen-
tal body issues a report. But courts must be very careful
when a government claims that speech by one or more pri-
vate speakers is actually government speech. When that
occurs, it can be difficult to tell whether the government is
using the doctrine "as a subterfuge for favoring certain pri-
vate speakers over others based on viewpoint," id., at 473,
and the government-speech doctrine becomes "susceptible
to dangerous misuse," Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___
(2017) ( -- 14).
In Tam, for example, the United States defended a stat-
utory provision that permitted the Patent and Trademark
Office to deny federal registration to "disparag[ing]" marks,
15 U. S. C., on the theory that "the registration of
a trademark converts the mark into government speech."
582 U. S., at ___. We rejected that argument
and held that because the Government's role in registration
was limited to applying a standard of assessment to marks
generated by private parties, registered marks are not gov-
ernment speech. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 14). But
the Government's position had radical implications: If reg-
istration transforms trademarks into government speech,
the same logic would presumably hold for other speech in-
cluded on systems of government registration. Books on the
copyright registry, for example, would count as the Govern-
ment's own speech -- presumably subject to editorial con-
trol. And the Government would be free to exclude authors
from copyright protection based on their views. Id., at ___ -- 
___ ( -- 18).
To prevent the government-speech doctrine from being
used as a cover for censorship, courts must focus on the
identity of the speaker. The ultimate question is whether
the government is actually expressing its own views or the
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

real speaker is a private party and the government is sur-
reptitiously engaged in the "regulation of private speech."
Summum, 555 U. S., at 467. But our precedent has never
attempted to specify a general method for deciding that
question, and the Court goes wrong in proceeding as though
our decisions in Walker and Summum settled on anything
that might be considered a "government-speech analysis."
Ante, at 6. In both cases, we employed a fact-bound totality-
of-the-circumstances inquiry that relied on the factors that
appeared helpful in evaluating whether the speech at issue
was government or private speech. See Walker, 576 U. S.,
at 210 -- 213; Summum, 555 U. S., at 470 -- 478. We did not
set out a test to be used in all government-speech cases, and
we did not purport to define an exhaustive list of relevant
factors. And in light of the ultimate focus of the govern-
ment-speech inquiry, each of the factors mentioned in those
cases could be relevant only insofar as it sheds light on the
identity of the speaker. When considered in isolation from
that inquiry, the factors central to Walker and Summum
can lead a court astray.
Consider first "the extent to which the government has
actively shaped or controlled the expression." Ante, at 6.
Government control over speech is relevant to speaker iden-
tity in that speech by a private individual or group cannot
constitute government speech if the government does not
attempt to control the message. But control is also an es-
sential element of censorship. Consider this example. The
British Licensing Act of 1737, 10 Geo. II c. 28, in 17 Eng.
Stat. at Large 140 (1765), as amended by the Theatres Act
of 1843, 6 & 7 Vict. c. 68, (1843), prohibited the perfor-
mance of any "interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play,
farce, or other entertainment" without a patent issued by
the King of England or a "License from the Lord Chamber-
lain of Her Majesty's Household." Ibid. This regime at-
tracted criticism precisely because it gave the Lord Cham-
berlain extensive "control over the nature and content,"
4 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

ante, at 6, of covered performances. One of the leading crit-
ics of the Act -- the playwright George Bernard Shaw -- was
denied permission to perform several plays, including Mrs.
Warren's Profession, The Shewing-up of Blanco Posnet, and
Press Cuttings.1 But had the Lord Chamberlain approved
these plays, would anyone seriously maintain that those
plays were thereby transmuted into the government's
speech?
As this illustration shows, neither "control" nor "final ap-
proval authority" can in itself distinguish government
speech from censorship of private speech, and analyzing
that factor in isolation from speaker identity flattens the
distinction between government speech and speech toler-
ated by the censor. And it is not as though "actively" exer-
cising control over the "nature and content" of private ex-
pression makes a difference, as the Court suggests, ibid.
Censorship is not made constitutional by aggressive and di-
rect application.
Next, turn to the history of the means of expression. Ibid.
Historical practice can establish that a means of expression
"typically represent[s] government speech." Summum, 555
U. S., at 470 ; Tam, 582 U. S., at ___. But in determining whether speech is the gov-
ernment's, the real question is not whether a form of ex-
pression is usually linked with the government but whether
the speech at issue expresses the government's own mes-
sage. Governments can put public resources to novel uses.
And when governments allow private parties to use a re-
source normally devoted to government speech to express
their own messages, the government cannot rely on histor-
ical expectations to pass off private speech as its own. Cf.
Summum, 555 U. S., at 480 (explaining that even though
monuments in parks are normally government speech, that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See generally L. Hugo, Edwardian Shaw: The Writer and His Age

197 -- 230 (1999).
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

would not be true if "a town created a monument on which
all of its residents (or all those meeting some other crite-
rion) could place the name of a person to be honored or some
other private message").
This case exemplifies the point. Governments have long
used flags to express government messages, so this factor
provides prima facie support for Boston's position under the
Court's mode of analysis. Ante, at 7 -- 9. But on these facts,
the history of flags clearly cannot have any bearing on
whether the flag displays express the City's own message.
The City put the flagpoles to an unorthodox use -- allowing
private parties to use the poles to express messages that
were not formulated by City officials. Treating this factor
as significant in that circumstance loads the dice in favor of
the government's position for no obvious reason.
Now consider the third factor: "the public's likely percep-
tion as to who (the government or a private person) is
speaking." Ante, at 6. Our earlier government-speech prec-
edents recognized that "the correct focus" of the govern-
ment-speech inquiry "is not on whether the... reasonable
viewer would identify the speech as the government's," Jo-
hanns v. Livestock Marketing Assn., (2005), and with good reason. Unless the public is assumed
to be omniscient, public perception cannot be relevant to
whether the government is speaking, as opposed merely ap-
pearing to speak. Focusing on public perception encourages
courts to categorize private expression as government
speech in circumstances in which the public is liable to
misattribute that speech to the government. This case once
again provides an apt illustration. As the Court rightly
notes, "[a] passerby on Cambridge Street" confronted with
a flag flanked by government flags standing just outside the
entrance of Boston's seat of government would likely con-
clude that all of those flags "conve[y] some message on the
government's behalf." Ante, at 9 (internal quotation marks
6 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

omitted). If that is the case, this factor supports the exclu-
sion of private parties from using the flagpoles even though
the government allows private parties to use the flagpoles
to express private messages, presumably because those
messages may be erroneously attributed to the government.
But there is no obvious reason why a government should be
entitled to suppress private views that might be attributed
to it by engaging in viewpoint discrimination. The govern-
ment can always disavow any messages that might be mis-
takenly attributed to it.
The factors relied upon by the Court are thus an uncer-
tain guide to speaker identity. But beyond that, treating
these factors as a freestanding test for the existence of gov-
ernment speech artificially separates the question whether
the government is speaking from whether the government
is facilitating or regulating private speech. Under the
Court's factorized approach, government speech occurs
when the government exercises a "sufficient" degree of con-
trol over speech that occurs in a setting connected with gov-
ernment speech in the eyes of history and the contemporary
public, regardless of whether the government is actually
merely facilitating private speech. This approach allows
governments to exploit public expectations to mask censor-
ship.
And like any factorized analysis, this approach cannot
provide a principled way of deciding cases. The Court's
analysis here proves the point. The Court concludes that
two of the three factors -- history and public perception -- fa-
vor the City. But it nonetheless holds that the flag displays
did not constitute government speech. Why these factors
drop out of the analysis -- or even do not justify a contrary
conclusion -- is left unsaid. This cannot be the right way to
determine when governmental action is exempt from the
First Amendment.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

II
A
I would resolve this case using a different method for de-
termining whether the government is speaking. In my
view, the minimum conditions that must be met for expres-
sion to count as "government speech" can be identified by
considering the definition of "government speech" and the
rationale for the government-speech doctrine. Under the
resulting view, government speech occurs if -- but only if -- 
a government purposefully expresses a message of its own
through persons authorized to speak on its behalf, and in
doing so, does not rely on a means that abridges private
speech.
Defined in literal terms, "government speech" is "speech"
spoken by the government. "Speech," as that term is used
in our First Amendment jurisprudence, refers to expressive
activity that is "intended to be communicative" and, "in con-
text, would reasonably be understood... to be communica-
tive." Clark v. Community for Creative Non-Violence, (1984); see also Hurley v. Irish-American
Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston, Inc., 515 U. S
557, 569 (1995). Our government-speech precedents have
worked with largely the same definition. See, e.g., Sum-
mum, 555 U. S., at 472 (accepting monument for placement
in a city park "constitute[d] government speech" because
the monuments were "meant to convey and have the effect
of conveying a government message"); Walker, 576 U. S., at
214 (similar). And although this definition of "speech" is
not fully precise, the purposeful communication of the
speaker's own message generally qualifies as "speech."
For "speech" to be spoken by the government, the rele-
vant act of communication must be government action.
Governments are not natural persons and can only com-
municate through human agents who have been given the
power to speak for the government. When individuals
charged with speaking on behalf of the government act
8 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

within the scope of their power to do so, they "are not speak-
ing as citizens for First Amendment purposes." Garcetti v.
Ceballos, (2006). And because "speech"
requires the purposeful communication of the speaker's
own message, the message expressed must have been for-
mulated by a person with the power to determine what mes-
sages the government will communicate. In short, the gov-
ernment must "se[t] the overall message to be
communicated" through official action. Johanns, 544 U. S.,
at 562.
Government speech is thus the purposeful communica-
tion of a governmentally determined message by a person
exercising a power to speak for a government. But not all
governmental activity that qualifies as "government
speech" in this literal and factual sense is exempt from First
Amendment scrutiny. For although we have said that the
Free Speech Clause "has no application" when a govern-
ment is "engaging in [its] own expressive conduct," Sum-
mum, 555 U. S., at 467, we have also recognized that "the
Free Speech Clause itself may constrain the government's
speech" under certain conditions, as when a "government
seeks to compel private persons to convey the government's
speech." Walker, 576 U. S., at 208; see also Wooley v.
Maynard, (1977); West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v.
Barnette, (1943).
That is because the government-speech doctrine is not
based on the view -- which we have neither accepted nor re-
jected -- that governmental entities have First Amendment
rights. See United States v. American Library Assn., Inc.,
-- 211 (2003); Columbia Broadcasting Sys-
tem, Inc. v. Democratic National Committee, and (1973) (Stewart, J., concurring).2 Instead, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The text of the First Amendment also seems to exclude the possibility

that the Federal Government has a constitutional right to speak, since it
prohibits "Congress" and other federal entities and actors from "abridg-
ing the freedom of speech." A different analysis might be called for in a
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

doctrine is based on the notion that governmental commu-
nication -- and the exercise of control over those charged by
law with implementing a government's communicative
agenda -- do not normally "restrict the activities of... per-
sons acting as private individuals." Rust v. Sullivan, -- 199 (1991); see also Summum, 555 U. S., at
467 ("The Free Speech Clause restricts government regula-
tion of private speech"); Rosenberger v. Rector and Visitors
of Univ. of Va., -- 835 (1995). So govern-
ment speech in the literal sense is not exempt from First
Amendment attack if it uses a means that restricts private
expression in a way that "abridges" the freedom of speech,
as is the case with compelled speech. Were it otherwise,
virtually every government action that regulates private
speech would, paradoxically, qualify as government speech
unregulated by the First Amendment. Naked censorship of
a speaker based on viewpoint, for example, might well con-
stitute "expression" in the thin sense that it conveys the
government's disapproval of the speaker's message. But
plainly that kind of action cannot fall beyond the reach of
the First Amendment.
It follows that to establish that expression constitutes
government speech exempt from First Amendment attack,
the government must satisfy two conditions. First, it must
show that the challenged activity constitutes government
speech in the literal sense -- purposeful communication of a
governmentally determined message by a person acting
within the scope of a power to speak for the government.
Second, the government must establish it did not rely on a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
case in which the Federal Government attempts to restrict the speech of
another sovereign. If the States had First Amendment rights against
the Federal Government at the time of ratification, it is not obvious why
that right would be eliminated by the incorporation of the speech rights
of private citizens against the States through the Fourteenth Amend-
ment.
10 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

means that abridges the speech of persons acting in a pri-
vate capacity. It is only then that "the Free Speech Clause
has no application." Summum, 555 U. S., at 467.
This framework explains the conditions under which gov-
ernment communication that relies on private parties can
constitute government speech. Our precedents recognize
two ways in which a government can speak using private
assistance. First, the government can prospectively "en-
lis[t] private entities to convey its own message," Rosen-
berger, 515 U. S., at 833, by deputizing private persons as
its agents. See Johanns, 544 U. S., at 560 -- 562, and ;
Rust, 500 U. S., at 192 -- 200. In that kind of situation, pri-
vate persons assume a public or quasi-public capacity that
empowers them to speak on behalf of the government. So
long as this responsibility is voluntarily assumed, speech by
a private party within the scope of his power to speak for
the government constitutes government speech.
Second, the government can "adop[t]" a medium of ex-
pression created by a private party and use it to express a
government message. Summum, 555 U. S., at 473 -- 474. In
that circumstance, private parties are not deputized by the
government; instead a private person generates a medium
of expression and transfers it to the government. Id., at
472 -- 474. For the adopted expression to qualify as the gov-
ernment's, the private party must alienate control over the
medium of expression to the government. And government
actors must put the medium to use to intentionally express
a government message. Compare id., at 473 -- 475 (holding
that a government adopted donated monument because it
"took ownership of that monument and put it on permanent
display in a park that it owns and manages"), with Tam,
582 U. S., at ___, ___ -- ___ (, 12 -- 15) (no adoption
occurred because governments neither produced nor took
ownership of privately generated trademarks). Otherwise,
the government is simply providing a forum for private par-
ties to submit their own productions and usual First
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

Amendment principles apply. And to avoid running afoul
of the prohibition on compelled speech, that alienation must
be voluntary.3
This approach also explains the circumstances in which
we have concluded that the government is not speaking.
We have repeatedly held that the government-speech doc-
trine does not extend to private-party speech that is merely
subsidized or otherwise facilitated by the government. See,
e.g., Legal Services Corporation v. Velazquez, (2001); Board of Regents of Univ. of Wis. System v.
Southworth, (2000); Rosenberger, 515
U. S., at 833 -- 834. Facilitating speech by private persons
cannot constitute government speech unless the govern-
ment assigns a power to speak to those persons or appropri-
ates the products of their expressive activity to express its
own message. When the government's role is limited to ap-
plying a standard of assessment to determine a speaker's
eligibility for a benefit, the government is regulating pri-
vate speech, and ordinary First Amendment principles ap-
ply. Tam, 582 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 14).
For analogous reasons, private-party expression in any
type of forum recognized by our precedents does not consti-
tute government speech. A forum, by definition, is a space

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The place of Walker within this framework warrants comment. In

that case, properly understood, the government claimed to have adopted
specialty-license-plate designs submitted by private parties and actually
did "ow[n] the designs on its license plates," Walker v. Texas Div., Sons
of Confederate Veterans, Inc., (2015). But it was not
obvious how designs such as "Rather Be Golfing" could possibly express
a government message. Id., at 222 (ALITO, J., dissenting). In other
words, although the private parties alienated control over the plate de-
signs, the government did not have any purpose to communicate, and
instead allowed private parties to use personal plates to communicate
their own messages. This expansive understanding of government
speech by adoption should be confined to government-issued IDs. As we
have said, Walker "likely marks the outer bounds of the government-
speech doctrine." Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017).
12 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

for private parties to express their own views. The govern-
ment can of course speak as a participant in a forum, but
the creation of a space for private discourse does not involve
expressing a governmental message, deputizing private
parties to express it, or adopting a private party's contribu-
tion as a vehicle of government speech. So when examina-
tion of the government's "policy and practice" indicates that
the government has "intentionally open[ed] a nontradi-
tional forum for public discourse," a court may immediately
infer that private-party expression in the forum is not gov-
ernment speech. Cornelius v. NAACP Legal Defense & Ed.
Fund, Inc., (1985). There is no need to
consider history, public perception, or control in the ab-
stract.
B
Analyzed under this framework, the flag displays were
plainly private speech within a forum created by the City,
not government speech. The record attests that the City's
application materials -- which were the only written form of
guidance available on the program prior to the adoption of
a written policy in 2018 -- characterized the flagpoles as one
of the City's "public forums." App. to Pet. for Cert. 137a.
The application guidelines did not enumerate any criteria
for access to the flagpoles that go beyond those typical of a
resource that has been made generally available to the pub-
lic. Id., at 137a -- 140a. The first rejection of an application
was the denial of Camp Constitution's application in 2017.
Id., at 150a -- 158a. Prior to then, the City never rejected any
request to raise a flag submitted by any private party. And
private speakers accounted for 78% of the flag-raising ap-
plicants. See Reply Brief 8.
A program with this design cannot possibly constitute
government speech. The City did nothing to indicate an in-
tent to communicate a message. Clark, 468 U. S., at 294.
Nor did it deputize private speakers or appropriate private-
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

party expressive content. The flags flown reflected a dizzy-
ing and contradictory array of perspectives that cannot be
understood to express the message of a single speaker. For
example, the City allowed parties to fly the gay pride flag,
App. to Pet. for Cert. 142a, but it allowed others to fly the
flag of Ethiopia, id., at 174a, a country in which "homosex-
ual act[s]" are punishable by "imprisonment for not less
than one year." The Crim. Code of Fed. Democratic Repub-
lic of Eth. 2004, Arts. 629 and 630, Proclamation No.
414/2004. Indeed, the City disclaimed virtually all mes-
sages expressed by characterizing the flagpoles as a "public
forum" and adopting access criteria consistent with gener-
alized public use. The City's policy and practice thus
squarely indicate an intent to open a public forum for any
private speakers who met the City's basic criteria. The re-
quirement of viewpoint neutrality applies to any forum of
this kind. Cornelius, 473 U. S., at 802.
As the Court rightly holds, denying Shurtleff 's applica-
tion to use that forum constituted impermissible viewpoint
discrimination. Ante, at 12 -- 13. The City's stated reason
for rejecting Camp Constitution's application was an un-
written "policy and practice" of " 'refrain[ing] from flying
non-secular flags on the City Hall flagpoles.' " App. to Pet.
for Cert. 153a -- 154a. But as we have recognized, religion
constitutes a viewpoint, and "speech discussing otherwise
permissible subjects cannot be excluded from a limited pub-
lic forum on the ground that the subject is discussed from a
religious point of view." Good News Club v. Milford Central
School, (2001); Rosenberger, 515 U. S., at
835.
The City's decision was grounded in a belief that "[e]stab-
lished First Amendment jurisprudence" prohibits a govern-
ment from allowing a private party to "fly a [r]eligious flag
on public property." App. to Pet. for Cert. 153a -- 154a. But
"[m]ore than once," this Court has "rejected the position
14 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

that the Establishment Clause even justifies, much less re-
quires, a refusal to extend free speech rights to religious
speakers who participate in broad-reaching government
programs neutral in design." Rosenberger, 515 U. S., at
839; see also Good News Club, 533 U. S., at 112; Lamb's
Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School Dist., (1993). Indeed, excluding religious messages from
public forums that are open to other viewpoints is a "denial
of the right of free speech" indicating "hostility to religion"
that would "undermine the very neutrality the Establish-
ment Clause requires." Rosenberger, 515 U. S., at 845 -- 846;
see also Board of Ed. of Westside Community Schools (Dist.
66) v. Mergens, (1990) (plurality opinion).
Although developments in City policy postdating the de-
nial of Shurtleff 's application are not relevant to whether
that act constituted a First Amendment violation, it should
be emphasized that the City's adoption of a written policy
in October 2018 did not to convert the flag displays into gov-
ernment speech. The policy's principal provision specified
that the City will not "display flags deemed to be inappro-
priate or offensive in nature or those supporting discrimi-
nation, prejudice, or religious" viewpoints. App. in No. 20 -- 
1158 (CA1), p. 570 (App).4 That provision did not identify a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The policy included six other rules specifying that: (1) flag raisings

must occur on "a normal business work day, generally between the hours
of 10:00 am and 3:00 pm"; (2) flag raisings must be open to the public and
"[g]uests must adhere to the City of Boston policy not to discriminate on
the basis of sex, race, religion, etc."; (3) guests must deliver the "guest
flag" to City personnel before the raising and retrieve it after; (4) events
must be consistent with the City's "sustainability" policy; (5) flags may
be lowered to comply with the U. S. Flag Code; and (6) flags will normally
be flown for 24 hours or fewer. App. 570. These criteria do not suggest
purposeful communication of a government message. The policy also re-
served "sole and complete discretion" to refuse to fly any flag. Id., at 569.
But this reservation unbridled discretionary control over access to a gov-
ernment-owned medium of expression cannot establish that a speaker
permitted to speak through the medium is speaking for the government.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

message the City intended to express; it simply codified the
City's prior exclusion of speakers expressing a "religious
viewpoint" and extended it to messages deemed "offensive,"
despite the "bedrock First Amendment principle" that
"[s]peech may not be banned on the ground that it expresses
ideas that offend." Tam, 582 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 2).
In briefing before this Court, counsel for the City argued
that despite all appearances to the contrary, the City actu-
ally did intend to express a message through the flag-rais-
ing program: The City's support for "the diverse national
heritage of the City's population." Brief for Respondents 19.
All other flag raisings, the City claims, occurred "in connec-
tion with some publicly designated date of observance."
Ibid. This argument is a transparent attempt to reverse
engineer a governmental message from facts about the flag
raisings that occurred. It is true that many of the flag rais-
ings from 2007 to 2015 celebrated nationalities. App. to
Pet. for Cert. 173a -- 187a. But these events were conducted
by private organizations to express their own support for
the relevant national communities. Neither the City's ap-
plication guidance nor the 2018 written policy singled out a
connection with a nationality commemoration as a condi-
tion of access to the flagpoles. The City never cited this
purported requirement in its rejection of the applications it
denied. And the City approved flags that had nothing to do
with nationality or official holidays, such as the "Metro
Credit Union Flag Raising" mentioned by the Court.
Even if the City had reserved the flagpoles for nationality
commemorations and official holidays, that would only
mean that the City had reserved the flagpoles "for certain
groups or for the discussion of certain topics" and created a
nonpublic forum, not that it had engaged in government
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Instead, such discretionary authority is a hallmark of a standardless sys-
tem of censorship.
16 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

speech. Rosenberger, 515 U. S., at 829; see also Perry Ed.
Assn. v. Perry Local Educators' Assn., 
(1983) ("Implicit in the concept of the nonpublic forum is the
right to make distinctions in access on the basis of subject
matter and speaker identity"). Had the City restricted use
of the flagpoles to these subject matters, it could have relied
on the forum's topical limitations to deny applications to
host events. But it could not have employed viewpoint-dis-
criminatory criteria to bar otherwise-eligible speakers from
expressing their own views on those subjects.
On this record, however, the only viable inference is that
the City had no policy restricting access to the forum apart
from the modest access conditions articulated in the appli-
cation materials. Having created a forum with those char-
acteristics, the City could not reject Shurtleff 's application
on account of the religious viewpoint he intended to express.
For that reason, I agree with the Court's ultimate conclu-
sion and concur in the judgment.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 1800
_________________

HAROLD SHURTLEFF, ET AL., PETITIONERS v. CITY
OF BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIRST CIRCUIT
[May 2, 2022]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins,
concurring in the judgment.
The real problem in this case doesn't stem from Boston's
mistake about the scope of the government speech doctrine
or its error in applying our public forum precedents. The
trouble here runs deeper than that. Boston candidly admits
that it refused to fly the petitioners' flag while allowing a
secular group to fly a strikingly similar banner. And the
city admits it did so for one reason and one reason only: It
thought displaying the petitioners' flag would violate " 'the
[C]onstitution's [E]stablishment [C]lause.' " App. to Pet. for
Cert. 157a; see also id., at 153a -- 154a. That decision led
directly to this lawsuit, all the years of litigation that fol-
lowed, and the city's loss today. Not a single Member of the
Court seeks to defend Boston's view that a municipal policy
allowing all groups to fly their flags, secular and religious
alike, would offend the Establishment Clause.
How did the city get it so wrong? To be fair, at least some
of the blame belongs here and traces back to Lemon v.
Kurtzman, (1971). Issued during a " 'bygone
era' " when this Court took a more freewheeling approach to
interpreting legal texts, Food Marketing Institute v. Argus
Leader Media, 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019),
Lemon sought to devise a one-size-fits-all test for resolving
Establishment Clause disputes. That project bypassed any
2 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

inquiry into the Clause's original meaning. It ignored
longstanding precedents. And instead of bringing clarity to
the area, Lemon produced only chaos. In time, this Court
came to recognize these problems, abandoned Lemon, and
returned to a more humble jurisprudence centered on the
Constitution's original meaning. Yet in this case, the city
chose to follow Lemon anyway. It proved a costly decision,
and Boston's travails supply a cautionary tale for other lo-
calities and lower courts.
*
To see how all this unfolded, start with Lemon itself.
Lemon held out the promise that any Establishment Clause
dispute could be resolved by following a neat checklist fo-
cused on three questions: (1) Did the government have a
secular purpose in its challenged action? (2) Does the effect
of that action advance or inhibit religion? (3) Will the gov-
ernment action "excessive[ly]... entangl[e]" church and
state? 403 U. S., at 612 -- 613. But from the start, this seemingly simple test
produced more questions than answers. How much
religion-promoting purpose is too much? Are laws that
serve both religious and secular purposes problematic?
How much of a religion-advancing effect is tolerable? What
does "excessive entanglement" even mean, and what (if an-
ything) does it add to the analysis? Putting it all together,
too, what is a court to do when Lemon's three inquiries point
in conflicting directions? More than 50 years later, the an-
swers to all these questions remain unknown.
The only sure thing Lemon yielded was new business for
lawyers and judges. Before Lemon, this Court had never
held a flag or other similar public display to constitute an
unconstitutional "establishment" of religion. See Congres-
sional Research Service, C. Brougher, Public Display of the
Ten Commandments and Other Religious Symbols 1 -- 2
(2011) (Brougher); M. McConnell, No More (Old) Symbol
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

Cases, 2019 Cato Sup. Ct. Rev. 91 (2019) (Symbol Cases).
After Lemon, cases challenging public displays under the
Establishment Clause came fast and furious. And just like
the test itself, the results proved a garble. May a State or
local government display a Christmas nativity scene? Some
courts said yes, others no.1 How about a menorah? Again,
the answers ran both ways.2 What about a city seal that
features a cross? Good luck.3
If anything, the confusion grew with time. In the years
following Lemon, this Court modified its "effects" test by re-
quiring lower courts to ask whether a "reasonable observer"
would consider the government's challenged action to be an
"endorsement" of religion. See, e.g., County of Allegheny v.
American Civil Liberties Union, Greater Pittsburgh Chap-
ter, (1989); id., at 630 (O'Connor, J., con-
curring in part and concurring in judgment). But rather
than fix Lemon's problems, this new gloss compounded
them. Some argued that any reasonable observer worthy of
the name would consider all the relevant facts and law, just
as a judge or jury must. See Capitol Square Review and
Advisory Bd. v. Pinette, -- 781 (1995)
(O'Connor, J., concurring in part). Others suggested that a
reasonable observer could make mistakes about the law or
fail to consider all the facts. See, e.g., American Atheists,
Inc. v. Duncan, 616 F. 3d 1145, 1160 -- 1161 (CA10 2010).
And that suggestion only raised even more questions. Just
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Compare Lynch v. Donnelly, -- 672 (1984) (yes), and

American Civil Liberties Union of Ky. v. Wilkinson, 895 F. 2d 1098, 1099 -- 
1100, 1104 (CA6 1990) (yes), with County of Allegheny v. American Civil
Liberties Union, Greater Pittsburgh Chapter, -- 579
(1989) (no), and Smith v. County of Albemarle, 895 F. 2d 953, 955, 958 -- 
960 (CA4 1990) (no).
2 Compare Allegheny, 492 U. S., at 578 -- 581 (yes), and Skoros v. New

York, 437 F. 3d 1, 3 -- 4 (CA2 2006) (yes), with Kaplan v. Burlington, 891
F. 2d 1024, 1025 -- 1026, 1030 -- 1031 (CA2 1989) (no).
3 Compare Murray v. Austin, 947 F. 2d 147, 149 (CA5 1991) (yes), with

Harris v. Zion, 927 F. 2d 1401, 1402 (CA7 1991) (no).
4 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

how mistake-prone might an observer be and still qualify
as reasonable? On what authority may courts exercise the
awesome power of judicial review to declare a duly enacted
law unconstitutional thanks only to (admitted) errors about
the relevant facts or law? See American Atheists, Inc. v.
Davenport, 637 F. 3d 1095, 1108 -- 1110 (CA10 2010) (Gor-
such, J., dissenting from denial of rehearing en banc).
Ultimately, Lemon devolved into a kind of children's
game. Start with a Christmas scene, a menorah, or a flag.
Then pick your own "reasonable observer" avatar. In this
game, the avatar's default settings are lazy, uninformed
about history, and not particularly inclined to legal re-
search. His default mood is irritable. To play, expose your
avatar to the display and ask for his reaction. How does he
feel about it? Mind you: Don't ask him whether the pro-
posed display actually amounts to an establishment of reli-
gion. Just ask him if he feels it "endorses" religion. If so,
game over.
Faced with such a malleable test, risk-averse local offi-
cials found themselves in an ironic bind. To avoid Estab-
lishment Clause liability, they sometimes felt they had to
discriminate against religious speech and suppress reli-
gious exercises. But those actions, in turn, only invited lia-
bility under other provisions of the First Amendment. The
hard truth is, Lemon's abstract and ahistoric test put "[p]ol-
icymakers... in a vise between the Establishment Clause
on one side and the Free Speech and Free Exercise Clauses
on the other." Pinette, 515 U. S., at 767 -- 768 (plurality opin-
ion).
Our case illustrates the problem. The flags of many na-
tions bear religious symbols. So do the flags of various pri-
vate groups. Historically, Boston has allowed them all. The
city has even flown a flag with a cross nearly identical in
size to the one on petitioners' flag. It was a banner pre-
sented by a secular group to commemorate the Battle of
Bunker Hill. See Appendix, infra (photographs). Yet when
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

the petitioners offered their flag, the city flinched. Perhaps
it worried: Would the assigned judge's imagined "reasona-
ble observer" bother to learn about its generous policy for
secular groups? Would this observer take the trouble to
consult the long tradition in this country allowing compa-
rable displays? Or would he turn out to be an uninformed
passerby offended by the seeming incongruity of a new flag
flying beside those of the city, State, and Nation? Who
could tell. Better to err on the safe side and reject the peti-
tioners' flag. As it turned out, though, that route only in-
vited years of litigation and a unanimous adverse decision
because no government may discriminate against religious
speech in a public forum. To avoid a spurious First Amend-
ment problem, Boston wound up inviting a real one. Call it
a Lemon trade.4
*
While it is easy to see how Lemon led to a strange world
in which local governments have sometimes violated the
First Amendment in the name of protecting it, less clear is
why this state of affairs still persists. Lemon has long since

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 It seems possible, too, that these spurious Establishment Clause con-

cerns embolden government officials to treat religion with hostility even
when they don't rely on Lemon by name. Sometimes colleges seek to
prevent students from engaging in religious speech, labeling expressions
of faith "fighting words." See Uzuegbunam v. Preczewski, 592 U. S. ___,
___ -- ___ (2021) ( -- 3). Certain public transit systems that sell
advertising space on trains and buses ban religious messages. See Arch-
diocese of Washington v. Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Author-
ity, 589 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2020) (GORSUCH, J., respecting denial of cer-
tiorari) ( -- 2); Northeastern Pa. Freethought Soc. v. County of
Lackawanna Transit Sys., 938 F. 3d 424, 428 -- 431 (CA3 2019). And some
governments seek to exclude religious groups from using public facilities
or designations available to others. See InterVarsity Christian Fellow-
ship/USA v. University of Iowa, 5 F. 4th 855, 860 -- 862 (CA8 2021); Bronx
Household of Faith v. Board of Ed., 750 F. 3d 184, 192 (CA2 2014). All
of these trades resulted in less First Amendment protection and more
needless litigation.
6 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

been exposed as an anomaly and a mistake.
From the birth of modern Establishment Clause litiga-
tion in Everson v. Board of Ed. of Ewing, this Court looked
primarily to historical practices and analogues to guide its
analysis. -- 15 (1947). So, for example, while
the dissent in Everson disagreed with some of the majority's
conclusions about what qualifies as an establishment of re-
ligion, it readily agreed that "[n]o provision of the Constitu-
tion is more closely tied to or given content by its generating
history than the religious clause of the First Amendment."
Id., at 33 -- 49 (Rutledge, J., dissenting). This approach fit,
too, with this Court's usual course in other areas. Often, we
have looked to early and long-continued historical practices
as evidence of the Constitution's meaning at the time of its
adoption.5 And, in the years following Everson, the Court
followed this same path when interpreting the Establish-
ment Clause. Agree or disagree with the conclusions in
these cases, there can be little doubt that the Court ap-
proached them in large part using history as its guide.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See, e.g., McDonald v. Chicago, -- 770 (2010); Giles

v. California, (2008); see also The Pocket Veto Case,
(1929).
6 See, e.g., Walz v. Tax Comm'n of City of New York, 

(1970) (upholding tax exemptions for churches because they were sup-
ported by "more than a century of our history and uninterrupted prac-
tice"); School Dist. of Abington Township v. Schempp, 
(1963) (Brennan, J., concurring) ("[T]he line we must draw between the
permissible and the impermissible is one which accords with history and
faithfully reflects the understanding of the Founding Fathers");
McGowan v. Maryland, -- 440 (1961) (assessing "the
place of Sunday Closing Laws in the First Amendment's history"); Tor-
caso v. Watkins, (1961) (concluding that religious-test
oaths were one of the elements of "the formal or practical" religious es-
tablishments that "many of the early colonists left Europe and came here
hoping to" avoid). JUSTICE THOMAS has raised important questions about
this Court's incorporation of the Establishment Clause against the
States in these cases. But "[e]ven assuming" incorporation, the Clause
"would only protect against an 'establishment' of religion as understood
at the founding." Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Revenue, 591 U. S. ___,
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

Lemon interrupted this long line of precedents. It offered
no plausible reason for ignoring their teachings. And, as we
have seen, the ahistoric alternative it offered quickly
proved both unworkable in practice and unsound in its re-
sults. Nor is it as if Lemon vanquished the field even during
its heyday. Often, this Court continued to look to history to
resolve certain Establishment Clause disputes outside the
context of religious displays.7 And several early decisions
applying Lemon were themselves rapidly overruled in part
or in whole.8 All of which in time led Justice after Justice
to conclude that Lemon was "flawed in its fundamentals,"
"unworkable in practice," and "inconsistent with our history
and our precedents." County of Allegheny, 492 U. S., at 655,
669 (Kennedy, J., concurring in judgment in part and dis-
senting in part).9

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
___ (2020) (THOMAS, J., concurring).
7 See, e.g., Marsh v. Chambers, (1983) (surveying

history to determine that "[f]rom colonial times through the founding of
the Republic and ever since, the practice of legislative prayer has coex-
isted with the principles of disestablishment and religious freedom").
8 See, e.g., Agostini v. Felton, (1997) (overruling

School Dist. of Grand Rapids v. Ball, (1985), and Aguilar
v. Felton, (1985)); Mitchell v. Helms, 
(2000) (plurality opinion) (overruling Wolman v. Walter, 
(1977), and Meek v. Pittenger, (1975)).
9 See also, e.g., Salazar v. Buono, -- 721 (2010) (plu-

rality opinion of Kennedy, J., joined in full by ROBERTS, C. J., and in part
by ALITO, J.); Van Orden v. Perry, -- 700 (2005) (BREYER,
J., concurring) (noting "Lemon's checkered career in the decisional law of
this Court" ); id., at 692 -- 693
(THOMAS, J., concurring) ("This case would be easy if the Court were will-
ing to abandon the inconsistent guideposts it has adopted for addressing
Establishment Clause challenges"); McCreary County v. American Civil
Liberties Union of Ky., (2005) (Scalia, J., joined in full
by Rehnquist, C. J., and THOMAS, J., and in part by Kennedy, J., dissent-
ing) ("[A] majority of the Justices on the current Court... have, in sepa-
rate opinions, repudiated the brain-spun 'Lemon test' "); Board of Ed. of
Kiryas Joel Village School Dist. v. Grumet, (1994)
8 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

Recognizing Lemon's flaws, this Court has not applied its
test for nearly two decades. In Town of Greece v. Galloway,
this Court declined an invitation to use the Lemon test. See
(2014); Brief for Respondents in Town of
Greece v. Galloway, O. T. 2013, No. 12 -- 696, pp. 58 -- 60. In-
stead, the Court explained that the primary question in Es-
tablishment Clause cases is whether the government's con-
duct "accords with history and faithfully reflects the
understanding of the Founding Fathers." 572 U. S., at 577. The Court observed
that this form of analysis represents the rule rather than
"an exception" within the "Court's Establishment Clause ju-
risprudence." Id., at 575 -- 577.
In American Legion v. American Humanist Association
we underscored the message. 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) (plu-
rality opinion). Again we expressly refused
to apply Lemon, this time in a challenge to a public dis-
play -- the very kind of dispute Lemon's test ushered into
existence and where it once held sway. 588 U. S., at ___ -- 
___ ( -- 16). Again we explained that "[i]f the
Lemon Court thought that its test would provide a frame-
work for all future Establishment Clause decisions, its ex-
pectation has not been met."10 Id., at ___.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
(O'Connor, J., concurring in part and concurring in judgment); Commit-
tee for Public Ed. and Religious Liberty v. Regan, 
(1980) (Stevens, J., dissenting) (disparaging "the sisyphean task of trying
to patch together the 'blurred, indistinct, and variable barrier' described
in Lemon").
10 See also American Legion, 588 U. S., at ___ (THOMAS, J., concurring

in judgment) ("[B]ecause the Lemon test is not good law,
we ought to say so"); id., at ___ (GORSUCH, J., concurring in judgment)
("Lemon was a misadventure. It sought a 'grand unified
theory' of the Establishment Clause but left us only a mess"); id., at ___
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring) ("As this case again demon-
strates, this Court no longer applies the old test articulated in Lemon").
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

And again we stressed that the right place to look for guid-
ance lies in " ' "historical practices and understandings." ' "
Id., at ___.
*
With all these messages directing and redirecting the in-
quiry to original meaning as illuminated by history, why
did Boston still follow Lemon in this case? Why do other
localities and lower courts sometimes do the same thing, al-
lowing Lemon even now to "si[t] up in its grave and shuffl[e]
abroad"? Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free
School Dist., (1993) (Scalia, J., concur-
ring in judgment). There may be other contributing factors,
but let me address two.
First, it's hard not to wonder whether some simply prefer
the policy outcomes Lemon can be manipulated to produce.
Just dial down your hypothetical observer's concern with
facts and history, dial up his inclination to offense, and the
test is guaranteed to spit out results more hostile to religion
than anything a careful inquiry into the original under-
standing of the Constitution could sustain. Lemon may pro-
mote an unserious, results-oriented approach to constitu-
tional interpretation. But for some, that may be more a
virtue than a vice.
There is more than a little in the record before us to sug-
gest this line of thinking. As city officials tell it, Boston did
not want to " 'display flags deemed to be inappropriate or
offensive in nature or those supporting discrimination, prej-
udice, or religious movements.' " App. to Pet. for Cert. 160a.
Instead, the city wanted to celebrate only "a particular kind
of diversity." Tr. of Oral Arg. 85 -- 86. And if your policy goal
is to lump in religious speech with fighting words and ob-
scenity, if it is to celebrate only a "particular" type of diver-
sity consistent with popular ideology, the First Amendment
is not exactly your friend. Dragging Lemon from its grave
10 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

may be your only chance.
To the extent this is why some still invoke Lemon today,
it reflects poorly on us all. Through history, the suppres-
sion of unpopular religious speech and exercise has been
among the favorite tools of petty tyrants. See Pinette, 515
U. S., at 760; Feldman v. United States, 
(1944) (Black, J., dissenting). Our forebears resolved that
this Nation would be different. Here, they resolved, each
individual would enjoy the right to make sense of his rela-
tionship with the divine, speak freely about man's place in
creation, and have his religious practices treated with re-
spect. See West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943). The day governments in this country for-
age for ways to abandon these foundational promises is a
dark day for the cause of individual freedom.
Besides, even for those whose policy ambitions run in this
direction, invoking Lemon is a myopic tactic. For as long as
the First Amendment means anything, government policies
that discriminate against religious speech and exercise will
only invite litigation and result in losses like Boston's. To-
day's case is just one more in a long line of reminders about
the costs associated with governmental efforts to discrimi-
nate against disfavored religious speakers. See Good News
Club v. Milford Central School, (2001);
Lamb's Chapel, 508 U. S., at 392 -- 397; Rosenberger v. Rec-
tor and Visitors of Univ. of Va., -- 824,
845 -- 846 (1995).
Second, it seems that Lemon may occasionally shuffle
from its grave for another and more prosaic reason. By de-
manding a careful examination of the Constitution's origi-
nal meaning, a proper application of the Establishment
Clause no doubt requires serious work and can pose its
challenges. Lemon's abstract three-part test may seem a
simpler and tempting alternative to busy local officials and
lower courts. But if this is part of the problem, it isn't with-
out at least a partial remedy. For our constitutional history
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

contains some helpful hallmarks that localities and lower
courts can rely on.
Beyond a formal declaration that a religious denomina-
tion was in fact the established church, it seems that
founding-era religious establishments often bore certain
other telling traits. See M. McConnell, Establishment and
Disestablishment at the Founding, Part I: Establishment
of Religion, 44 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 2105, 2110 -- 2112, 2131
(2003) (Establishment and Disestablishment). First, the
government exerted control over the doctrine and personnel
of the established church. Second, the government man-
dated attendance in the established church and punished
people for failing to participate. Third, the government
punished dissenting churches and individuals for their re-
ligious exercise. Fourth, the government restricted political
participation by dissenters. Fifth, the government provided
financial support for the established church, often in a way
that preferred the established denomination over other
churches. And sixth, the government used the established
church to carry out certain civil functions, often by giving
the established church a monopoly over a specific function.
See id., at 2131 -- 2181. Most of these hallmarks reflect
forms of "coerc[ion]" regarding "religion or its exercise." Lee
v. Weisman, (1992); id., at 640 (Scalia,
J., dissenting); Van Orden, 545 U. S., at 693 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring).
These traditional hallmarks help explain many of this
Court's Establishment Clause cases, too. This Court, for
example, has held unlawful practices that restrict political
participation by dissenters, including rules requiring public
officials to proclaim a belief in God. See Torcaso v. Watkins,
(1961). It has checked government ef-
forts to give churches monopolistic control over civil func-
tions. See Larkin v. Grendel's Den, Inc., 
(1982). At the same time, it has upheld nondiscriminatory
public financial support for religious institutions alongside
12 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

other entities. See Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Revenue,
591 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2020) ( -- 22); Trinity Lu-
theran Church of Columbia, Inc. v. Comer, 582 U. S. ___,
___ -- ___ (2017) ( -- 15); Zelman v. Simmons-
Harris, -- 663 (2002). The thread running
through these cases derives directly from the historical
hallmarks of an establishment of religion -- government
control over religion offends the Constitution, but treating
a church on par with secular entities and other churches
does not. See Establishment and Disestablishment 2205 -- 
2208.
These historical hallmarks also help explain the result in
today's case and provide helpful guidance for those faced
with future disputes like it. As a close look at these hall-
marks and our history reveals, "[n]o one at the time of the
founding is recorded as arguing that the use of religious
symbols in public contexts was a form of religious establish-
ment." Symbol Cases 107. For most of its existence, this
country had an "unbroken history of official acknowledg-
ment by all three branches of government of the role of re-
ligion in American life." Lynch, 465 U. S., at 674.11 In fact
and as we have seen, it appears that, until Lemon, this
Court had never held the display of a religious symbol to

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 So, for example, when designing a seal for the new Nation in 1776,

Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson proposed a familiar Biblical
scene -- Moses leading the Israelites across the Red Sea. J. Hutson, Re-
ligion and the Founding of the American Republic 50 -- 51 (1998) (Hutson).
The seal ultimately adopted by Congress in 1782 features "the Eye of
Providence" surrounded by "glory" above the motto Annuit Coeptis -- "He
[God] has favored our undertakings." Dept. of State, Bureau of Pub. Af-
fairs, The Great Seal of the United States 4 -- 6 (July 2003). This Court
has recognized that President Washington's 1789 Thanksgiving Day
Proclamation referred to "a day of public thanksgiving and prayer" and
the role of a "Supreme Being" in "the foundations and successes of our
young Nation." Van Orden, 545 U. S., at 686 -- 687. And President Jef-
ferson allowed various religious groups to use the Capitol for weekly wor-
ship services. Hutson 84 -- 94.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

constitute an establishment of religion. See Brougher 1 -- 2;
Symbol Cases 91. The simple truth is that no historically
sensitive understanding of the Establishment Clause can
be reconciled with a rule requiring governments to "roa[m]
the land, tearing down monuments with religious symbol-
ism and scrubbing away any reference to the divine." Amer-
ican Legion, 588 U. S., at ___. Our Consti-
tution was not designed to erase religion from American
life; it was designed to ensure "respect and tolerance." Id.,
at ___.
*
To justify a policy that discriminated against religion,
Boston sought to drag Lemon once more from its grave. It
was a strategy as risky as it was unsound. Lemon ignored
the original meaning of the Establishment Clause, it disre-
garded mountains of precedent, and it substituted a serious
constitutional inquiry with a guessing game. This Court
long ago interred Lemon, and it is past time for local offi-
cials and lower courts to let it lie.
 APPENDIX TO OPINION OF GORSUCH, J.

The Bunker Hill Flag The Camp Constitution Flag

Source: App. to Pet. for Cert. 132a

Source: App. to Pet. for Cert. 146a

============================================================

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring.
This dispute arose only because of a government official's
mistaken understanding of the Establishment Clause. A
Boston official believed that the City would violate the Es-
tablishment Clause if it allowed a religious flag to briefly
fly outside of City Hall as part of the flag-raising program
that the City had opened to the public. So Boston granted
requests to fly a variety of secular flags, but denied a re-
quest to fly a religious flag. As this Court has repeatedly
made clear, however, a government does not violate the Es-
tablishment Clause merely because it treats religious per-
sons, organizations, and speech equally with secular per-
sons, organizations, and speech in public programs,
benefits, facilities, and the like. See, e.g., Zelman v.
Simmons-Harris, (2002). On the contrary, a
government violates the Constitution when (as here) it ex-
cludes religious persons, organizations, or speech because
of religion from public programs, benefits, facilities, and the
like. See, e.g., Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Revenue, 591
U. S. ___ (2020); Good News Club v. Milford Central School,
(2001); McDaniel v. Paty, (1978).
Under the Constitution, a government may not treat reli-
gious persons, religious organizations, or religious speech
as second-class.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 1800
_________________

HAROLD SHURTLEFF, ET AL., PETITIONERS v. CITY
OF BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIRST CIRCUIT
[May 2, 2022]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS and
JUSTICE GORSUCH join, concurring in the judgment.
I agree with the Court's conclusion that Boston (hereafter
City) violated the First Amendment's guarantee of freedom
of speech when it rejected Camp Constitution's application
to fly what it characterized as a "Christian flag." But I can-
not go along with the Court's decision to analyze this case
in terms of the triad of factors -- history, the public's percep-
tion of who is speaking, and the extent to which the govern-
ment has exercised control over speech -- that our decision
in Walker v. Texas Div., Sons of Confederate Veterans, Inc.,
(2015), derived from Pleasant Grove City v.
Summum, (2009). See ante, at 6 -- 12. As the
Court now recognizes, those cases did not set forth a test
that always and everywhere applies when the government
claims that its actions are immune to First Amendment
challenge under the government-speech doctrine. And
treating those factors as a test obscures the real question in
government-speech cases: whether the government is
speaking instead of regulating private expression.
I
The government-speech doctrine recognizes that the Free
Speech Clause of the First Amendment "restricts govern-
ment regulation of private speech" but "does not regulate
2 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

government speech." Summum, 555 U. S., at 467. That
doctrine presents no serious problems when the govern-
ment speaks in its own voice -- for example, when an official
gives a speech in a representative capacity or a governmen-
tal body issues a report. But courts must be very careful
when a government claims that speech by one or more pri-
vate speakers is actually government speech. When that
occurs, it can be difficult to tell whether the government is
using the doctrine "as a subterfuge for favoring certain pri-
vate speakers over others based on viewpoint," id., at 473,
and the government-speech doctrine becomes "susceptible
to dangerous misuse," Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___
(2017) ( -- 14).
In Tam, for example, the United States defended a stat-
utory provision that permitted the Patent and Trademark
Office to deny federal registration to "disparag[ing]" marks,
15 U. S. C., on the theory that "the registration of
a trademark converts the mark into government speech."
582 U. S., at ___. We rejected that argument
and held that because the Government's role in registration
was limited to applying a standard of assessment to marks
generated by private parties, registered marks are not gov-
ernment speech. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 14). But
the Government's position had radical implications: If reg-
istration transforms trademarks into government speech,
the same logic would presumably hold for other speech in-
cluded on systems of government registration. Books on the
copyright registry, for example, would count as the Govern-
ment's own speech -- presumably subject to editorial con-
trol. And the Government would be free to exclude authors
from copyright protection based on their views. Id., at ___ -- 
___ ( -- 18).
To prevent the government-speech doctrine from being
used as a cover for censorship, courts must focus on the
identity of the speaker. The ultimate question is whether
the government is actually expressing its own views or the
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

real speaker is a private party and the government is sur-
reptitiously engaged in the "regulation of private speech."
Summum, 555 U. S., at 467. But our precedent has never
attempted to specify a general method for deciding that
question, and the Court goes wrong in proceeding as though
our decisions in Walker and Summum settled on anything
that might be considered a "government-speech analysis."
Ante, at 6. In both cases, we employed a fact-bound totality-
of-the-circumstances inquiry that relied on the factors that
appeared helpful in evaluating whether the speech at issue
was government or private speech. See Walker, 576 U. S.,
at 210 -- 213; Summum, 555 U. S., at 470 -- 478. We did not
set out a test to be used in all government-speech cases, and
we did not purport to define an exhaustive list of relevant
factors. And in light of the ultimate focus of the govern-
ment-speech inquiry, each of the factors mentioned in those
cases could be relevant only insofar as it sheds light on the
identity of the speaker. When considered in isolation from
that inquiry, the factors central to Walker and Summum
can lead a court astray.
Consider first "the extent to which the government has
actively shaped or controlled the expression." Ante, at 6.
Government control over speech is relevant to speaker iden-
tity in that speech by a private individual or group cannot
constitute government speech if the government does not
attempt to control the message. But control is also an es-
sential element of censorship. Consider this example. The
British Licensing Act of 1737, 10 Geo. II c. 28, in 17 Eng.
Stat. at Large 140 (1765), as amended by the Theatres Act
of 1843, 6 & 7 Vict. c. 68, (1843), prohibited the perfor-
mance of any "interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play,
farce, or other entertainment" without a patent issued by
the King of England or a "License from the Lord Chamber-
lain of Her Majesty's Household." Ibid. This regime at-
tracted criticism precisely because it gave the Lord Cham-
berlain extensive "control over the nature and content,"
4 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

ante, at 6, of covered performances. One of the leading crit-
ics of the Act -- the playwright George Bernard Shaw -- was
denied permission to perform several plays, including Mrs.
Warren's Profession, The Shewing-up of Blanco Posnet, and
Press Cuttings.1 But had the Lord Chamberlain approved
these plays, would anyone seriously maintain that those
plays were thereby transmuted into the government's
speech?
As this illustration shows, neither "control" nor "final ap-
proval authority" can in itself distinguish government
speech from censorship of private speech, and analyzing
that factor in isolation from speaker identity flattens the
distinction between government speech and speech toler-
ated by the censor. And it is not as though "actively" exer-
cising control over the "nature and content" of private ex-
pression makes a difference, as the Court suggests, ibid.
Censorship is not made constitutional by aggressive and di-
rect application.
Next, turn to the history of the means of expression. Ibid.
Historical practice can establish that a means of expression
"typically represent[s] government speech." Summum, 555
U. S., at 470 ; Tam, 582 U. S., at ___. But in determining whether speech is the gov-
ernment's, the real question is not whether a form of ex-
pression is usually linked with the government but whether
the speech at issue expresses the government's own mes-
sage. Governments can put public resources to novel uses.
And when governments allow private parties to use a re-
source normally devoted to government speech to express
their own messages, the government cannot rely on histor-
ical expectations to pass off private speech as its own. Cf.
Summum, 555 U. S., at 480 (explaining that even though
monuments in parks are normally government speech, that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See generally L. Hugo, Edwardian Shaw: The Writer and His Age

197 -- 230 (1999).
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

would not be true if "a town created a monument on which
all of its residents (or all those meeting some other crite-
rion) could place the name of a person to be honored or some
other private message").
This case exemplifies the point. Governments have long
used flags to express government messages, so this factor
provides prima facie support for Boston's position under the
Court's mode of analysis. Ante, at 7 -- 9. But on these facts,
the history of flags clearly cannot have any bearing on
whether the flag displays express the City's own message.
The City put the flagpoles to an unorthodox use -- allowing
private parties to use the poles to express messages that
were not formulated by City officials. Treating this factor
as significant in that circumstance loads the dice in favor of
the government's position for no obvious reason.
Now consider the third factor: "the public's likely percep-
tion as to who (the government or a private person) is
speaking." Ante, at 6. Our earlier government-speech prec-
edents recognized that "the correct focus" of the govern-
ment-speech inquiry "is not on whether the... reasonable
viewer would identify the speech as the government's," Jo-
hanns v. Livestock Marketing Assn., (2005), and with good reason. Unless the public is assumed
to be omniscient, public perception cannot be relevant to
whether the government is speaking, as opposed merely ap-
pearing to speak. Focusing on public perception encourages
courts to categorize private expression as government
speech in circumstances in which the public is liable to
misattribute that speech to the government. This case once
again provides an apt illustration. As the Court rightly
notes, "[a] passerby on Cambridge Street" confronted with
a flag flanked by government flags standing just outside the
entrance of Boston's seat of government would likely con-
clude that all of those flags "conve[y] some message on the
government's behalf." Ante, at 9 (internal quotation marks
6 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

omitted). If that is the case, this factor supports the exclu-
sion of private parties from using the flagpoles even though
the government allows private parties to use the flagpoles
to express private messages, presumably because those
messages may be erroneously attributed to the government.
But there is no obvious reason why a government should be
entitled to suppress private views that might be attributed
to it by engaging in viewpoint discrimination. The govern-
ment can always disavow any messages that might be mis-
takenly attributed to it.
The factors relied upon by the Court are thus an uncer-
tain guide to speaker identity. But beyond that, treating
these factors as a freestanding test for the existence of gov-
ernment speech artificially separates the question whether
the government is speaking from whether the government
is facilitating or regulating private speech. Under the
Court's factorized approach, government speech occurs
when the government exercises a "sufficient" degree of con-
trol over speech that occurs in a setting connected with gov-
ernment speech in the eyes of history and the contemporary
public, regardless of whether the government is actually
merely facilitating private speech. This approach allows
governments to exploit public expectations to mask censor-
ship.
And like any factorized analysis, this approach cannot
provide a principled way of deciding cases. The Court's
analysis here proves the point. The Court concludes that
two of the three factors -- history and public perception -- fa-
vor the City. But it nonetheless holds that the flag displays
did not constitute government speech. Why these factors
drop out of the analysis -- or even do not justify a contrary
conclusion -- is left unsaid. This cannot be the right way to
determine when governmental action is exempt from the
First Amendment.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

II
A
I would resolve this case using a different method for de-
termining whether the government is speaking. In my
view, the minimum conditions that must be met for expres-
sion to count as "government speech" can be identified by
considering the definition of "government speech" and the
rationale for the government-speech doctrine. Under the
resulting view, government speech occurs if -- but only if -- 
a government purposefully expresses a message of its own
through persons authorized to speak on its behalf, and in
doing so, does not rely on a means that abridges private
speech.
Defined in literal terms, "government speech" is "speech"
spoken by the government. "Speech," as that term is used
in our First Amendment jurisprudence, refers to expressive
activity that is "intended to be communicative" and, "in con-
text, would reasonably be understood... to be communica-
tive." Clark v. Community for Creative Non-Violence, (1984); see also Hurley v. Irish-American
Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston, Inc., 515 U. S
557, 569 (1995). Our government-speech precedents have
worked with largely the same definition. See, e.g., Sum-
mum, 555 U. S., at 472 (accepting monument for placement
in a city park "constitute[d] government speech" because
the monuments were "meant to convey and have the effect
of conveying a government message"); Walker, 576 U. S., at
214 (similar). And although this definition of "speech" is
not fully precise, the purposeful communication of the
speaker's own message generally qualifies as "speech."
For "speech" to be spoken by the government, the rele-
vant act of communication must be government action.
Governments are not natural persons and can only com-
municate through human agents who have been given the
power to speak for the government. When individuals
charged with speaking on behalf of the government act
8 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

within the scope of their power to do so, they "are not speak-
ing as citizens for First Amendment purposes." Garcetti v.
Ceballos, (2006). And because "speech"
requires the purposeful communication of the speaker's
own message, the message expressed must have been for-
mulated by a person with the power to determine what mes-
sages the government will communicate. In short, the gov-
ernment must "se[t] the overall message to be
communicated" through official action. Johanns, 544 U. S.,
at 562.
Government speech is thus the purposeful communica-
tion of a governmentally determined message by a person
exercising a power to speak for a government. But not all
governmental activity that qualifies as "government
speech" in this literal and factual sense is exempt from First
Amendment scrutiny. For although we have said that the
Free Speech Clause "has no application" when a govern-
ment is "engaging in [its] own expressive conduct," Sum-
mum, 555 U. S., at 467, we have also recognized that "the
Free Speech Clause itself may constrain the government's
speech" under certain conditions, as when a "government
seeks to compel private persons to convey the government's
speech." Walker, 576 U. S., at 208; see also Wooley v.
Maynard, (1977); West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v.
Barnette, (1943).
That is because the government-speech doctrine is not
based on the view -- which we have neither accepted nor re-
jected -- that governmental entities have First Amendment
rights. See United States v. American Library Assn., Inc.,
-- 211 (2003); Columbia Broadcasting Sys-
tem, Inc. v. Democratic National Committee, and (1973) (Stewart, J., concurring).2 Instead, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The text of the First Amendment also seems to exclude the possibility

that the Federal Government has a constitutional right to speak, since it
prohibits "Congress" and other federal entities and actors from "abridg-
ing the freedom of speech." A different analysis might be called for in a
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

doctrine is based on the notion that governmental commu-
nication -- and the exercise of control over those charged by
law with implementing a government's communicative
agenda -- do not normally "restrict the activities of... per-
sons acting as private individuals." Rust v. Sullivan, -- 199 (1991); see also Summum, 555 U. S., at
467 ("The Free Speech Clause restricts government regula-
tion of private speech"); Rosenberger v. Rector and Visitors
of Univ. of Va., -- 835 (1995). So govern-
ment speech in the literal sense is not exempt from First
Amendment attack if it uses a means that restricts private
expression in a way that "abridges" the freedom of speech,
as is the case with compelled speech. Were it otherwise,
virtually every government action that regulates private
speech would, paradoxically, qualify as government speech
unregulated by the First Amendment. Naked censorship of
a speaker based on viewpoint, for example, might well con-
stitute "expression" in the thin sense that it conveys the
government's disapproval of the speaker's message. But
plainly that kind of action cannot fall beyond the reach of
the First Amendment.
It follows that to establish that expression constitutes
government speech exempt from First Amendment attack,
the government must satisfy two conditions. First, it must
show that the challenged activity constitutes government
speech in the literal sense -- purposeful communication of a
governmentally determined message by a person acting
within the scope of a power to speak for the government.
Second, the government must establish it did not rely on a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
case in which the Federal Government attempts to restrict the speech of
another sovereign. If the States had First Amendment rights against
the Federal Government at the time of ratification, it is not obvious why
that right would be eliminated by the incorporation of the speech rights
of private citizens against the States through the Fourteenth Amend-
ment.
10 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

means that abridges the speech of persons acting in a pri-
vate capacity. It is only then that "the Free Speech Clause
has no application." Summum, 555 U. S., at 467.
This framework explains the conditions under which gov-
ernment communication that relies on private parties can
constitute government speech. Our precedents recognize
two ways in which a government can speak using private
assistance. First, the government can prospectively "en-
lis[t] private entities to convey its own message," Rosen-
berger, 515 U. S., at 833, by deputizing private persons as
its agents. See Johanns, 544 U. S., at 560 -- 562, and ;
Rust, 500 U. S., at 192 -- 200. In that kind of situation, pri-
vate persons assume a public or quasi-public capacity that
empowers them to speak on behalf of the government. So
long as this responsibility is voluntarily assumed, speech by
a private party within the scope of his power to speak for
the government constitutes government speech.
Second, the government can "adop[t]" a medium of ex-
pression created by a private party and use it to express a
government message. Summum, 555 U. S., at 473 -- 474. In
that circumstance, private parties are not deputized by the
government; instead a private person generates a medium
of expression and transfers it to the government. Id., at
472 -- 474. For the adopted expression to qualify as the gov-
ernment's, the private party must alienate control over the
medium of expression to the government. And government
actors must put the medium to use to intentionally express
a government message. Compare id., at 473 -- 475 (holding
that a government adopted donated monument because it
"took ownership of that monument and put it on permanent
display in a park that it owns and manages"), with Tam,
582 U. S., at ___, ___ -- ___ (, 12 -- 15) (no adoption
occurred because governments neither produced nor took
ownership of privately generated trademarks). Otherwise,
the government is simply providing a forum for private par-
ties to submit their own productions and usual First
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

Amendment principles apply. And to avoid running afoul
of the prohibition on compelled speech, that alienation must
be voluntary.3
This approach also explains the circumstances in which
we have concluded that the government is not speaking.
We have repeatedly held that the government-speech doc-
trine does not extend to private-party speech that is merely
subsidized or otherwise facilitated by the government. See,
e.g., Legal Services Corporation v. Velazquez, (2001); Board of Regents of Univ. of Wis. System v.
Southworth, (2000); Rosenberger, 515
U. S., at 833 -- 834. Facilitating speech by private persons
cannot constitute government speech unless the govern-
ment assigns a power to speak to those persons or appropri-
ates the products of their expressive activity to express its
own message. When the government's role is limited to ap-
plying a standard of assessment to determine a speaker's
eligibility for a benefit, the government is regulating pri-
vate speech, and ordinary First Amendment principles ap-
ply. Tam, 582 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 14).
For analogous reasons, private-party expression in any
type of forum recognized by our precedents does not consti-
tute government speech. A forum, by definition, is a space

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The place of Walker within this framework warrants comment. In

that case, properly understood, the government claimed to have adopted
specialty-license-plate designs submitted by private parties and actually
did "ow[n] the designs on its license plates," Walker v. Texas Div., Sons
of Confederate Veterans, Inc., (2015). But it was not
obvious how designs such as "Rather Be Golfing" could possibly express
a government message. Id., at 222 (ALITO, J., dissenting). In other
words, although the private parties alienated control over the plate de-
signs, the government did not have any purpose to communicate, and
instead allowed private parties to use personal plates to communicate
their own messages. This expansive understanding of government
speech by adoption should be confined to government-issued IDs. As we
have said, Walker "likely marks the outer bounds of the government-
speech doctrine." Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017).
12 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

for private parties to express their own views. The govern-
ment can of course speak as a participant in a forum, but
the creation of a space for private discourse does not involve
expressing a governmental message, deputizing private
parties to express it, or adopting a private party's contribu-
tion as a vehicle of government speech. So when examina-
tion of the government's "policy and practice" indicates that
the government has "intentionally open[ed] a nontradi-
tional forum for public discourse," a court may immediately
infer that private-party expression in the forum is not gov-
ernment speech. Cornelius v. NAACP Legal Defense & Ed.
Fund, Inc., (1985). There is no need to
consider history, public perception, or control in the ab-
stract.
B
Analyzed under this framework, the flag displays were
plainly private speech within a forum created by the City,
not government speech. The record attests that the City's
application materials -- which were the only written form of
guidance available on the program prior to the adoption of
a written policy in 2018 -- characterized the flagpoles as one
of the City's "public forums." App. to Pet. for Cert. 137a.
The application guidelines did not enumerate any criteria
for access to the flagpoles that go beyond those typical of a
resource that has been made generally available to the pub-
lic. Id., at 137a -- 140a. The first rejection of an application
was the denial of Camp Constitution's application in 2017.
Id., at 150a -- 158a. Prior to then, the City never rejected any
request to raise a flag submitted by any private party. And
private speakers accounted for 78% of the flag-raising ap-
plicants. See Reply Brief 8.
A program with this design cannot possibly constitute
government speech. The City did nothing to indicate an in-
tent to communicate a message. Clark, 468 U. S., at 294.
Nor did it deputize private speakers or appropriate private-
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

party expressive content. The flags flown reflected a dizzy-
ing and contradictory array of perspectives that cannot be
understood to express the message of a single speaker. For
example, the City allowed parties to fly the gay pride flag,
App. to Pet. for Cert. 142a, but it allowed others to fly the
flag of Ethiopia, id., at 174a, a country in which "homosex-
ual act[s]" are punishable by "imprisonment for not less
than one year." The Crim. Code of Fed. Democratic Repub-
lic of Eth. 2004, Arts. 629 and 630, Proclamation No.
414/2004. Indeed, the City disclaimed virtually all mes-
sages expressed by characterizing the flagpoles as a "public
forum" and adopting access criteria consistent with gener-
alized public use. The City's policy and practice thus
squarely indicate an intent to open a public forum for any
private speakers who met the City's basic criteria. The re-
quirement of viewpoint neutrality applies to any forum of
this kind. Cornelius, 473 U. S., at 802.
As the Court rightly holds, denying Shurtleff 's applica-
tion to use that forum constituted impermissible viewpoint
discrimination. Ante, at 12 -- 13. The City's stated reason
for rejecting Camp Constitution's application was an un-
written "policy and practice" of " 'refrain[ing] from flying
non-secular flags on the City Hall flagpoles.' " App. to Pet.
for Cert. 153a -- 154a. But as we have recognized, religion
constitutes a viewpoint, and "speech discussing otherwise
permissible subjects cannot be excluded from a limited pub-
lic forum on the ground that the subject is discussed from a
religious point of view." Good News Club v. Milford Central
School, (2001); Rosenberger, 515 U. S., at
835.
The City's decision was grounded in a belief that "[e]stab-
lished First Amendment jurisprudence" prohibits a govern-
ment from allowing a private party to "fly a [r]eligious flag
on public property." App. to Pet. for Cert. 153a -- 154a. But
"[m]ore than once," this Court has "rejected the position
14 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

that the Establishment Clause even justifies, much less re-
quires, a refusal to extend free speech rights to religious
speakers who participate in broad-reaching government
programs neutral in design." Rosenberger, 515 U. S., at
839; see also Good News Club, 533 U. S., at 112; Lamb's
Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free School Dist., (1993). Indeed, excluding religious messages from
public forums that are open to other viewpoints is a "denial
of the right of free speech" indicating "hostility to religion"
that would "undermine the very neutrality the Establish-
ment Clause requires." Rosenberger, 515 U. S., at 845 -- 846;
see also Board of Ed. of Westside Community Schools (Dist.
66) v. Mergens, (1990) (plurality opinion).
Although developments in City policy postdating the de-
nial of Shurtleff 's application are not relevant to whether
that act constituted a First Amendment violation, it should
be emphasized that the City's adoption of a written policy
in October 2018 did not to convert the flag displays into gov-
ernment speech. The policy's principal provision specified
that the City will not "display flags deemed to be inappro-
priate or offensive in nature or those supporting discrimi-
nation, prejudice, or religious" viewpoints. App. in No. 20 -- 
1158 (CA1), p. 570 (App).4 That provision did not identify a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The policy included six other rules specifying that: (1) flag raisings

must occur on "a normal business work day, generally between the hours
of 10:00 am and 3:00 pm"; (2) flag raisings must be open to the public and
"[g]uests must adhere to the City of Boston policy not to discriminate on
the basis of sex, race, religion, etc."; (3) guests must deliver the "guest
flag" to City personnel before the raising and retrieve it after; (4) events
must be consistent with the City's "sustainability" policy; (5) flags may
be lowered to comply with the U. S. Flag Code; and (6) flags will normally
be flown for 24 hours or fewer. App. 570. These criteria do not suggest
purposeful communication of a government message. The policy also re-
served "sole and complete discretion" to refuse to fly any flag. Id., at 569.
But this reservation unbridled discretionary control over access to a gov-
ernment-owned medium of expression cannot establish that a speaker
permitted to speak through the medium is speaking for the government.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

message the City intended to express; it simply codified the
City's prior exclusion of speakers expressing a "religious
viewpoint" and extended it to messages deemed "offensive,"
despite the "bedrock First Amendment principle" that
"[s]peech may not be banned on the ground that it expresses
ideas that offend." Tam, 582 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 2).
In briefing before this Court, counsel for the City argued
that despite all appearances to the contrary, the City actu-
ally did intend to express a message through the flag-rais-
ing program: The City's support for "the diverse national
heritage of the City's population." Brief for Respondents 19.
All other flag raisings, the City claims, occurred "in connec-
tion with some publicly designated date of observance."
Ibid. This argument is a transparent attempt to reverse
engineer a governmental message from facts about the flag
raisings that occurred. It is true that many of the flag rais-
ings from 2007 to 2015 celebrated nationalities. App. to
Pet. for Cert. 173a -- 187a. But these events were conducted
by private organizations to express their own support for
the relevant national communities. Neither the City's ap-
plication guidance nor the 2018 written policy singled out a
connection with a nationality commemoration as a condi-
tion of access to the flagpoles. The City never cited this
purported requirement in its rejection of the applications it
denied. And the City approved flags that had nothing to do
with nationality or official holidays, such as the "Metro
Credit Union Flag Raising" mentioned by the Court.
Even if the City had reserved the flagpoles for nationality
commemorations and official holidays, that would only
mean that the City had reserved the flagpoles "for certain
groups or for the discussion of certain topics" and created a
nonpublic forum, not that it had engaged in government
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Instead, such discretionary authority is a hallmark of a standardless sys-
tem of censorship.
16 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

speech. Rosenberger, 515 U. S., at 829; see also Perry Ed.
Assn. v. Perry Local Educators' Assn., 
(1983) ("Implicit in the concept of the nonpublic forum is the
right to make distinctions in access on the basis of subject
matter and speaker identity"). Had the City restricted use
of the flagpoles to these subject matters, it could have relied
on the forum's topical limitations to deny applications to
host events. But it could not have employed viewpoint-dis-
criminatory criteria to bar otherwise-eligible speakers from
expressing their own views on those subjects.
On this record, however, the only viable inference is that
the City had no policy restricting access to the forum apart
from the modest access conditions articulated in the appli-
cation materials. Having created a forum with those char-
acteristics, the City could not reject Shurtleff 's application
on account of the religious viewpoint he intended to express.
For that reason, I agree with the Court's ultimate conclu-
sion and concur in the judgment.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 1800
_________________

HAROLD SHURTLEFF, ET AL., PETITIONERS v. CITY
OF BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIRST CIRCUIT
[May 2, 2022]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins,
concurring in the judgment.
The real problem in this case doesn't stem from Boston's
mistake about the scope of the government speech doctrine
or its error in applying our public forum precedents. The
trouble here runs deeper than that. Boston candidly admits
that it refused to fly the petitioners' flag while allowing a
secular group to fly a strikingly similar banner. And the
city admits it did so for one reason and one reason only: It
thought displaying the petitioners' flag would violate " 'the
[C]onstitution's [E]stablishment [C]lause.' " App. to Pet. for
Cert. 157a; see also id., at 153a -- 154a. That decision led
directly to this lawsuit, all the years of litigation that fol-
lowed, and the city's loss today. Not a single Member of the
Court seeks to defend Boston's view that a municipal policy
allowing all groups to fly their flags, secular and religious
alike, would offend the Establishment Clause.
How did the city get it so wrong? To be fair, at least some
of the blame belongs here and traces back to Lemon v.
Kurtzman, (1971). Issued during a " 'bygone
era' " when this Court took a more freewheeling approach to
interpreting legal texts, Food Marketing Institute v. Argus
Leader Media, 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019),
Lemon sought to devise a one-size-fits-all test for resolving
Establishment Clause disputes. That project bypassed any
2 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

inquiry into the Clause's original meaning. It ignored
longstanding precedents. And instead of bringing clarity to
the area, Lemon produced only chaos. In time, this Court
came to recognize these problems, abandoned Lemon, and
returned to a more humble jurisprudence centered on the
Constitution's original meaning. Yet in this case, the city
chose to follow Lemon anyway. It proved a costly decision,
and Boston's travails supply a cautionary tale for other lo-
calities and lower courts.
*
To see how all this unfolded, start with Lemon itself.
Lemon held out the promise that any Establishment Clause
dispute could be resolved by following a neat checklist fo-
cused on three questions: (1) Did the government have a
secular purpose in its challenged action? (2) Does the effect
of that action advance or inhibit religion? (3) Will the gov-
ernment action "excessive[ly]... entangl[e]" church and
state? 403 U. S., at 612 -- 613. But from the start, this seemingly simple test
produced more questions than answers. How much
religion-promoting purpose is too much? Are laws that
serve both religious and secular purposes problematic?
How much of a religion-advancing effect is tolerable? What
does "excessive entanglement" even mean, and what (if an-
ything) does it add to the analysis? Putting it all together,
too, what is a court to do when Lemon's three inquiries point
in conflicting directions? More than 50 years later, the an-
swers to all these questions remain unknown.
The only sure thing Lemon yielded was new business for
lawyers and judges. Before Lemon, this Court had never
held a flag or other similar public display to constitute an
unconstitutional "establishment" of religion. See Congres-
sional Research Service, C. Brougher, Public Display of the
Ten Commandments and Other Religious Symbols 1 -- 2
(2011) (Brougher); M. McConnell, No More (Old) Symbol
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

Cases, 2019 Cato Sup. Ct. Rev. 91 (2019) (Symbol Cases).
After Lemon, cases challenging public displays under the
Establishment Clause came fast and furious. And just like
the test itself, the results proved a garble. May a State or
local government display a Christmas nativity scene? Some
courts said yes, others no.1 How about a menorah? Again,
the answers ran both ways.2 What about a city seal that
features a cross? Good luck.3
If anything, the confusion grew with time. In the years
following Lemon, this Court modified its "effects" test by re-
quiring lower courts to ask whether a "reasonable observer"
would consider the government's challenged action to be an
"endorsement" of religion. See, e.g., County of Allegheny v.
American Civil Liberties Union, Greater Pittsburgh Chap-
ter, (1989); id., at 630 (O'Connor, J., con-
curring in part and concurring in judgment). But rather
than fix Lemon's problems, this new gloss compounded
them. Some argued that any reasonable observer worthy of
the name would consider all the relevant facts and law, just
as a judge or jury must. See Capitol Square Review and
Advisory Bd. v. Pinette, -- 781 (1995)
(O'Connor, J., concurring in part). Others suggested that a
reasonable observer could make mistakes about the law or
fail to consider all the facts. See, e.g., American Atheists,
Inc. v. Duncan, 616 F. 3d 1145, 1160 -- 1161 (CA10 2010).
And that suggestion only raised even more questions. Just
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Compare Lynch v. Donnelly, -- 672 (1984) (yes), and

American Civil Liberties Union of Ky. v. Wilkinson, 895 F. 2d 1098, 1099 -- 
1100, 1104 (CA6 1990) (yes), with County of Allegheny v. American Civil
Liberties Union, Greater Pittsburgh Chapter, -- 579
(1989) (no), and Smith v. County of Albemarle, 895 F. 2d 953, 955, 958 -- 
960 (CA4 1990) (no).
2 Compare Allegheny, 492 U. S., at 578 -- 581 (yes), and Skoros v. New

York, 437 F. 3d 1, 3 -- 4 (CA2 2006) (yes), with Kaplan v. Burlington, 891
F. 2d 1024, 1025 -- 1026, 1030 -- 1031 (CA2 1989) (no).
3 Compare Murray v. Austin, 947 F. 2d 147, 149 (CA5 1991) (yes), with

Harris v. Zion, 927 F. 2d 1401, 1402 (CA7 1991) (no).
4 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

how mistake-prone might an observer be and still qualify
as reasonable? On what authority may courts exercise the
awesome power of judicial review to declare a duly enacted
law unconstitutional thanks only to (admitted) errors about
the relevant facts or law? See American Atheists, Inc. v.
Davenport, 637 F. 3d 1095, 1108 -- 1110 (CA10 2010) (Gor-
such, J., dissenting from denial of rehearing en banc).
Ultimately, Lemon devolved into a kind of children's
game. Start with a Christmas scene, a menorah, or a flag.
Then pick your own "reasonable observer" avatar. In this
game, the avatar's default settings are lazy, uninformed
about history, and not particularly inclined to legal re-
search. His default mood is irritable. To play, expose your
avatar to the display and ask for his reaction. How does he
feel about it? Mind you: Don't ask him whether the pro-
posed display actually amounts to an establishment of reli-
gion. Just ask him if he feels it "endorses" religion. If so,
game over.
Faced with such a malleable test, risk-averse local offi-
cials found themselves in an ironic bind. To avoid Estab-
lishment Clause liability, they sometimes felt they had to
discriminate against religious speech and suppress reli-
gious exercises. But those actions, in turn, only invited lia-
bility under other provisions of the First Amendment. The
hard truth is, Lemon's abstract and ahistoric test put "[p]ol-
icymakers... in a vise between the Establishment Clause
on one side and the Free Speech and Free Exercise Clauses
on the other." Pinette, 515 U. S., at 767 -- 768 (plurality opin-
ion).
Our case illustrates the problem. The flags of many na-
tions bear religious symbols. So do the flags of various pri-
vate groups. Historically, Boston has allowed them all. The
city has even flown a flag with a cross nearly identical in
size to the one on petitioners' flag. It was a banner pre-
sented by a secular group to commemorate the Battle of
Bunker Hill. See Appendix, infra (photographs). Yet when
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

the petitioners offered their flag, the city flinched. Perhaps
it worried: Would the assigned judge's imagined "reasona-
ble observer" bother to learn about its generous policy for
secular groups? Would this observer take the trouble to
consult the long tradition in this country allowing compa-
rable displays? Or would he turn out to be an uninformed
passerby offended by the seeming incongruity of a new flag
flying beside those of the city, State, and Nation? Who
could tell. Better to err on the safe side and reject the peti-
tioners' flag. As it turned out, though, that route only in-
vited years of litigation and a unanimous adverse decision
because no government may discriminate against religious
speech in a public forum. To avoid a spurious First Amend-
ment problem, Boston wound up inviting a real one. Call it
a Lemon trade.4
*
While it is easy to see how Lemon led to a strange world
in which local governments have sometimes violated the
First Amendment in the name of protecting it, less clear is
why this state of affairs still persists. Lemon has long since

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 It seems possible, too, that these spurious Establishment Clause con-

cerns embolden government officials to treat religion with hostility even
when they don't rely on Lemon by name. Sometimes colleges seek to
prevent students from engaging in religious speech, labeling expressions
of faith "fighting words." See Uzuegbunam v. Preczewski, 592 U. S. ___,
___ -- ___ (2021) ( -- 3). Certain public transit systems that sell
advertising space on trains and buses ban religious messages. See Arch-
diocese of Washington v. Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Author-
ity, 589 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2020) (GORSUCH, J., respecting denial of cer-
tiorari) ( -- 2); Northeastern Pa. Freethought Soc. v. County of
Lackawanna Transit Sys., 938 F. 3d 424, 428 -- 431 (CA3 2019). And some
governments seek to exclude religious groups from using public facilities
or designations available to others. See InterVarsity Christian Fellow-
ship/USA v. University of Iowa, 5 F. 4th 855, 860 -- 862 (CA8 2021); Bronx
Household of Faith v. Board of Ed., 750 F. 3d 184, 192 (CA2 2014). All
of these trades resulted in less First Amendment protection and more
needless litigation.
6 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

been exposed as an anomaly and a mistake.
From the birth of modern Establishment Clause litiga-
tion in Everson v. Board of Ed. of Ewing, this Court looked
primarily to historical practices and analogues to guide its
analysis. -- 15 (1947). So, for example, while
the dissent in Everson disagreed with some of the majority's
conclusions about what qualifies as an establishment of re-
ligion, it readily agreed that "[n]o provision of the Constitu-
tion is more closely tied to or given content by its generating
history than the religious clause of the First Amendment."
Id., at 33 -- 49 (Rutledge, J., dissenting). This approach fit,
too, with this Court's usual course in other areas. Often, we
have looked to early and long-continued historical practices
as evidence of the Constitution's meaning at the time of its
adoption.5 And, in the years following Everson, the Court
followed this same path when interpreting the Establish-
ment Clause. Agree or disagree with the conclusions in
these cases, there can be little doubt that the Court ap-
proached them in large part using history as its guide.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See, e.g., McDonald v. Chicago, -- 770 (2010); Giles

v. California, (2008); see also The Pocket Veto Case,
(1929).
6 See, e.g., Walz v. Tax Comm'n of City of New York, 

(1970) (upholding tax exemptions for churches because they were sup-
ported by "more than a century of our history and uninterrupted prac-
tice"); School Dist. of Abington Township v. Schempp, 
(1963) (Brennan, J., concurring) ("[T]he line we must draw between the
permissible and the impermissible is one which accords with history and
faithfully reflects the understanding of the Founding Fathers");
McGowan v. Maryland, -- 440 (1961) (assessing "the
place of Sunday Closing Laws in the First Amendment's history"); Tor-
caso v. Watkins, (1961) (concluding that religious-test
oaths were one of the elements of "the formal or practical" religious es-
tablishments that "many of the early colonists left Europe and came here
hoping to" avoid). JUSTICE THOMAS has raised important questions about
this Court's incorporation of the Establishment Clause against the
States in these cases. But "[e]ven assuming" incorporation, the Clause
"would only protect against an 'establishment' of religion as understood
at the founding." Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Revenue, 591 U. S. ___,
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

Lemon interrupted this long line of precedents. It offered
no plausible reason for ignoring their teachings. And, as we
have seen, the ahistoric alternative it offered quickly
proved both unworkable in practice and unsound in its re-
sults. Nor is it as if Lemon vanquished the field even during
its heyday. Often, this Court continued to look to history to
resolve certain Establishment Clause disputes outside the
context of religious displays.7 And several early decisions
applying Lemon were themselves rapidly overruled in part
or in whole.8 All of which in time led Justice after Justice
to conclude that Lemon was "flawed in its fundamentals,"
"unworkable in practice," and "inconsistent with our history
and our precedents." County of Allegheny, 492 U. S., at 655,
669 (Kennedy, J., concurring in judgment in part and dis-
senting in part).9

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
___ (2020) (THOMAS, J., concurring).
7 See, e.g., Marsh v. Chambers, (1983) (surveying

history to determine that "[f]rom colonial times through the founding of
the Republic and ever since, the practice of legislative prayer has coex-
isted with the principles of disestablishment and religious freedom").
8 See, e.g., Agostini v. Felton, (1997) (overruling

School Dist. of Grand Rapids v. Ball, (1985), and Aguilar
v. Felton, (1985)); Mitchell v. Helms, 
(2000) (plurality opinion) (overruling Wolman v. Walter, 
(1977), and Meek v. Pittenger, (1975)).
9 See also, e.g., Salazar v. Buono, -- 721 (2010) (plu-

rality opinion of Kennedy, J., joined in full by ROBERTS, C. J., and in part
by ALITO, J.); Van Orden v. Perry, -- 700 (2005) (BREYER,
J., concurring) (noting "Lemon's checkered career in the decisional law of
this Court" ); id., at 692 -- 693
(THOMAS, J., concurring) ("This case would be easy if the Court were will-
ing to abandon the inconsistent guideposts it has adopted for addressing
Establishment Clause challenges"); McCreary County v. American Civil
Liberties Union of Ky., (2005) (Scalia, J., joined in full
by Rehnquist, C. J., and THOMAS, J., and in part by Kennedy, J., dissent-
ing) ("[A] majority of the Justices on the current Court... have, in sepa-
rate opinions, repudiated the brain-spun 'Lemon test' "); Board of Ed. of
Kiryas Joel Village School Dist. v. Grumet, (1994)
8 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

Recognizing Lemon's flaws, this Court has not applied its
test for nearly two decades. In Town of Greece v. Galloway,
this Court declined an invitation to use the Lemon test. See
(2014); Brief for Respondents in Town of
Greece v. Galloway, O. T. 2013, No. 12 -- 696, pp. 58 -- 60. In-
stead, the Court explained that the primary question in Es-
tablishment Clause cases is whether the government's con-
duct "accords with history and faithfully reflects the
understanding of the Founding Fathers." 572 U. S., at 577. The Court observed
that this form of analysis represents the rule rather than
"an exception" within the "Court's Establishment Clause ju-
risprudence." Id., at 575 -- 577.
In American Legion v. American Humanist Association
we underscored the message. 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) (plu-
rality opinion). Again we expressly refused
to apply Lemon, this time in a challenge to a public dis-
play -- the very kind of dispute Lemon's test ushered into
existence and where it once held sway. 588 U. S., at ___ -- 
___ ( -- 16). Again we explained that "[i]f the
Lemon Court thought that its test would provide a frame-
work for all future Establishment Clause decisions, its ex-
pectation has not been met."10 Id., at ___.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
(O'Connor, J., concurring in part and concurring in judgment); Commit-
tee for Public Ed. and Religious Liberty v. Regan, 
(1980) (Stevens, J., dissenting) (disparaging "the sisyphean task of trying
to patch together the 'blurred, indistinct, and variable barrier' described
in Lemon").
10 See also American Legion, 588 U. S., at ___ (THOMAS, J., concurring

in judgment) ("[B]ecause the Lemon test is not good law,
we ought to say so"); id., at ___ (GORSUCH, J., concurring in judgment)
("Lemon was a misadventure. It sought a 'grand unified
theory' of the Establishment Clause but left us only a mess"); id., at ___
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring) ("As this case again demon-
strates, this Court no longer applies the old test articulated in Lemon").
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

And again we stressed that the right place to look for guid-
ance lies in " ' "historical practices and understandings." ' "
Id., at ___.
*
With all these messages directing and redirecting the in-
quiry to original meaning as illuminated by history, why
did Boston still follow Lemon in this case? Why do other
localities and lower courts sometimes do the same thing, al-
lowing Lemon even now to "si[t] up in its grave and shuffl[e]
abroad"? Lamb's Chapel v. Center Moriches Union Free
School Dist., (1993) (Scalia, J., concur-
ring in judgment). There may be other contributing factors,
but let me address two.
First, it's hard not to wonder whether some simply prefer
the policy outcomes Lemon can be manipulated to produce.
Just dial down your hypothetical observer's concern with
facts and history, dial up his inclination to offense, and the
test is guaranteed to spit out results more hostile to religion
than anything a careful inquiry into the original under-
standing of the Constitution could sustain. Lemon may pro-
mote an unserious, results-oriented approach to constitu-
tional interpretation. But for some, that may be more a
virtue than a vice.
There is more than a little in the record before us to sug-
gest this line of thinking. As city officials tell it, Boston did
not want to " 'display flags deemed to be inappropriate or
offensive in nature or those supporting discrimination, prej-
udice, or religious movements.' " App. to Pet. for Cert. 160a.
Instead, the city wanted to celebrate only "a particular kind
of diversity." Tr. of Oral Arg. 85 -- 86. And if your policy goal
is to lump in religious speech with fighting words and ob-
scenity, if it is to celebrate only a "particular" type of diver-
sity consistent with popular ideology, the First Amendment
is not exactly your friend. Dragging Lemon from its grave
10 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

may be your only chance.
To the extent this is why some still invoke Lemon today,
it reflects poorly on us all. Through history, the suppres-
sion of unpopular religious speech and exercise has been
among the favorite tools of petty tyrants. See Pinette, 515
U. S., at 760; Feldman v. United States, 
(1944) (Black, J., dissenting). Our forebears resolved that
this Nation would be different. Here, they resolved, each
individual would enjoy the right to make sense of his rela-
tionship with the divine, speak freely about man's place in
creation, and have his religious practices treated with re-
spect. See West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943). The day governments in this country for-
age for ways to abandon these foundational promises is a
dark day for the cause of individual freedom.
Besides, even for those whose policy ambitions run in this
direction, invoking Lemon is a myopic tactic. For as long as
the First Amendment means anything, government policies
that discriminate against religious speech and exercise will
only invite litigation and result in losses like Boston's. To-
day's case is just one more in a long line of reminders about
the costs associated with governmental efforts to discrimi-
nate against disfavored religious speakers. See Good News
Club v. Milford Central School, (2001);
Lamb's Chapel, 508 U. S., at 392 -- 397; Rosenberger v. Rec-
tor and Visitors of Univ. of Va., -- 824,
845 -- 846 (1995).
Second, it seems that Lemon may occasionally shuffle
from its grave for another and more prosaic reason. By de-
manding a careful examination of the Constitution's origi-
nal meaning, a proper application of the Establishment
Clause no doubt requires serious work and can pose its
challenges. Lemon's abstract three-part test may seem a
simpler and tempting alternative to busy local officials and
lower courts. But if this is part of the problem, it isn't with-
out at least a partial remedy. For our constitutional history
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

contains some helpful hallmarks that localities and lower
courts can rely on.
Beyond a formal declaration that a religious denomina-
tion was in fact the established church, it seems that
founding-era religious establishments often bore certain
other telling traits. See M. McConnell, Establishment and
Disestablishment at the Founding, Part I: Establishment
of Religion, 44 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 2105, 2110 -- 2112, 2131
(2003) (Establishment and Disestablishment). First, the
government exerted control over the doctrine and personnel
of the established church. Second, the government man-
dated attendance in the established church and punished
people for failing to participate. Third, the government
punished dissenting churches and individuals for their re-
ligious exercise. Fourth, the government restricted political
participation by dissenters. Fifth, the government provided
financial support for the established church, often in a way
that preferred the established denomination over other
churches. And sixth, the government used the established
church to carry out certain civil functions, often by giving
the established church a monopoly over a specific function.
See id., at 2131 -- 2181. Most of these hallmarks reflect
forms of "coerc[ion]" regarding "religion or its exercise." Lee
v. Weisman, (1992); id., at 640 (Scalia,
J., dissenting); Van Orden, 545 U. S., at 693 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring).
These traditional hallmarks help explain many of this
Court's Establishment Clause cases, too. This Court, for
example, has held unlawful practices that restrict political
participation by dissenters, including rules requiring public
officials to proclaim a belief in God. See Torcaso v. Watkins,
(1961). It has checked government ef-
forts to give churches monopolistic control over civil func-
tions. See Larkin v. Grendel's Den, Inc., 
(1982). At the same time, it has upheld nondiscriminatory
public financial support for religious institutions alongside
12 SHURTLEFF v. BOSTON

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

other entities. See Espinoza v. Montana Dept. of Revenue,
591 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2020) ( -- 22); Trinity Lu-
theran Church of Columbia, Inc. v. Comer, 582 U. S. ___,
___ -- ___ (2017) ( -- 15); Zelman v. Simmons-
Harris, -- 663 (2002). The thread running
through these cases derives directly from the historical
hallmarks of an establishment of religion -- government
control over religion offends the Constitution, but treating
a church on par with secular entities and other churches
does not. See Establishment and Disestablishment 2205 -- 
2208.
These historical hallmarks also help explain the result in
today's case and provide helpful guidance for those faced
with future disputes like it. As a close look at these hall-
marks and our history reveals, "[n]o one at the time of the
founding is recorded as arguing that the use of religious
symbols in public contexts was a form of religious establish-
ment." Symbol Cases 107. For most of its existence, this
country had an "unbroken history of official acknowledg-
ment by all three branches of government of the role of re-
ligion in American life." Lynch, 465 U. S., at 674.11 In fact
and as we have seen, it appears that, until Lemon, this
Court had never held the display of a religious symbol to

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 So, for example, when designing a seal for the new Nation in 1776,

Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson proposed a familiar Biblical
scene -- Moses leading the Israelites across the Red Sea. J. Hutson, Re-
ligion and the Founding of the American Republic 50 -- 51 (1998) (Hutson).
The seal ultimately adopted by Congress in 1782 features "the Eye of
Providence" surrounded by "glory" above the motto Annuit Coeptis -- "He
[God] has favored our undertakings." Dept. of State, Bureau of Pub. Af-
fairs, The Great Seal of the United States 4 -- 6 (July 2003). This Court
has recognized that President Washington's 1789 Thanksgiving Day
Proclamation referred to "a day of public thanksgiving and prayer" and
the role of a "Supreme Being" in "the foundations and successes of our
young Nation." Van Orden, 545 U. S., at 686 -- 687. And President Jef-
ferson allowed various religious groups to use the Capitol for weekly wor-
ship services. Hutson 84 -- 94.
 Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

GORSUCH
GORSUCH, J., concurring, J., concurring in judgment

constitute an establishment of religion. See Brougher 1 -- 2;
Symbol Cases 91. The simple truth is that no historically
sensitive understanding of the Establishment Clause can
be reconciled with a rule requiring governments to "roa[m]
the land, tearing down monuments with religious symbol-
ism and scrubbing away any reference to the divine." Amer-
ican Legion, 588 U. S., at ___. Our Consti-
tution was not designed to erase religion from American
life; it was designed to ensure "respect and tolerance." Id.,
at ___.
*
To justify a policy that discriminated against religion,
Boston sought to drag Lemon once more from its grave. It
was a strategy as risky as it was unsound. Lemon ignored
the original meaning of the Establishment Clause, it disre-
garded mountains of precedent, and it substituted a serious
constitutional inquiry with a guessing game. This Court
long ago interred Lemon, and it is past time for local offi-
cials and lower courts to let it lie.
 APPENDIX TO OPINION OF GORSUCH, J.

The Bunker Hill Flag The Camp Constitution Flag

Source: App. to Pet. for Cert. 132a

Source: App. to Pet. for Cert. 146a

============================================================

Cite as: 596 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

Statement of BREYER, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 21A632
_________________

CARL WAYNE BUNTION v. BOBBY LUMPKIN,
DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF
CRIMINAL JUSTICE, CORRECTIONAL
INSTITUTIONS DIVISION, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[April 21, 2022]

The application for stay of execution of sentence of death
presented to JUSTICE ALITO and by him referred to the
Court is denied.
Statement of JUSTICE BREYER respecting the denial of ap-
plication for stay.
This case illustrates a serious legal and practical problem
with the death penalty as it is currently administered. As
I have previously noted, Carl Wayne Buntion has been on
death row under threat of execution for 30 years. Buntion
v. Lumpkin, 595 U. S. ___ (2021) (statement respecting de-
nial of certiorari). Twenty of those years, he tells us, were
spent in solitary confinement. Id., at ___. We
have described even four weeks of waiting in prison under
the threat of execution as "one of the most horrible feelings
to which [a person] can be subjected." In re Medley, (1890). Buntion has suffered under such con-
ditions for decades. When efforts to administer the death
penalty produce results such as this, it raises serious ques-
tions about whether that practice complies with the Consti-
tution's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment.
I have expressed concerns about the constitutionality of the
death penalty in the past, and I am compelled to do so again
in light of the facts and history of Buntion's case. See, e.g.,
2 BUNTION v. LUMPKIN

Statement of BREYER, J.

Hamm v. Dunn, 583 U. S. ___ (2018) (statement respecting
denial of application for stay and denial of certiorari); Smith
v. Ryan, 581 U. S. ___ (2017) (statement respecting denial
of certiorari); Glossip v. Gross, (2015)
(dissenting opinion).

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
all but Parts II -- B -- 2 and III, concluding that, in the context of
Zubaydah's discovery application, the Court of Appeals erred in
holding that the state secrets privilege did not apply to information
that could confirm or deny the existence of a CIA detention site in Po-
land. Pp. 7 -- 13, 14 -- 15, 18.
(a) The state secrets privilege permits the Government to prevent
disclosure of information when that disclosure would harm national
security interests. United States v. Reynolds, -- 11. To
assert the privilege, the Government must submit to the court a "for-
mal claim of privilege, lodged by the head of the department which has
control over the matter." Id., at 7 -- 8. "The court itself must determine
whether the circumstances are appropriate for the claim of privilege."
Id., at 8. However, in making that determination, a court should ex-
ercise its traditional "reluctan[ce] to intrude upon the authority of the
Executive in military and national security affairs," Department of
Navy v. Egan,. If the Government has offered a
valid reason for invoking the privilege, "the showing of necessity" by
the party seeking disclosure of the ostensibly privileged information
will "determine how far the court should probe in satisfying itself that
the occasion for invoking the privilege is appropriate." Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 11. The narrow evidentiary dispute before the Court asks how
these principles apply to Zubaydah's specific discovery requests.
Pp. 7 -- 9.
(b) In certain circumstances, the Government may assert the state
secrets privilege to bar the confirmation or denial of information that
has entered the public domain through unofficial sources. Here, the
information held by the Ninth Circuit to be nonprivileged would nec-
essarily tend to confirm (or deny) that the CIA maintained a detention
site in Poland. The Government has shown that such information -- 
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Syllabus

even if already made public through unofficial sources -- could signifi-
cantly harm national security. The CIA Director stated in his declara-
tion that "clandestine" relationships with foreign intelligence services
are "critical" and "based on mutual trust that the classified existence
and nature of the relationship will not be disclosed." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 135a -- 136a. Given the nature of Zubaydah's specific discovery
requests there is a reasonable danger that in this case a former CIA
insider's confirmation of confidential cooperation between the CIA and
a foreign intelligence service could badly damage the CIA's clandestine
relationships with foreign authorities. Pp. 9 -- 13.
(c) The CIA contractors' confirmation (or denial) of the information
Zubaydah seeks would be tantamount to disclosure by the CIA itself.
The contractors worked directly for the CIA and had a central role in
the events in question. The CIA Director describes the harm that
would result from the contractors responding to the subpoenas, not the
risks of a response from the CIA (or any other CIA official or employee).
Pp. 14 -- 15.
(d) Zubaydah's need for location information is not great, perhaps
close to nonexistent. At oral argument, he suggested that he did not
seek confirmation of the detention site's Polish location so much as he
sought information about what had happened there. P. 15.
(e) Here, the state secrets privilege applies to the existence (or non-
existence) of a CIA facility in Poland, and therefore precludes further
discovery into all three categories of information the Ninth Circuit con-
cluded to be nonprivileged. P. 15.
(f) This case is remanded with instructions to dismiss Zubaydah's
current application for discovery under. P. 18.

BREYER, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, except as to Parts II -- 
B -- 2 and III. ROBERTS, C. J., joined that opinion in full, KAVANAUGH and
BARRETT, JJ., joined as to all but Part II -- B -- 2, KAGAN, J., joined as to all
but Parts III and IV and the judgment of dismissal, and THOMAS and
ALITO, JJ., joined Part IV. THOMAS, J., filed an opinion concurring in
part and concurring in the judgment, in which ALITO, J., joined. KA-
VANAUGH, J., filed an opinion concurring in part, in which BARRETT, J.,
joined. KAGAN, J., filed an opinion concurring in part and dissenting in
part. GORSUCH, J., filed a dissenting opinion, in which SOTOMAYOR, J.,
joined.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order that
corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court, ex-
cept as to Parts II -- B -- 2 and III.*
Abu Zubaydah, a detainee in the Guantánamo Bay Naval
Base, and his attorney filed an ex parte 28 U. S. C. 
motion in Federal District Court seeking to subpoena two
former Central Intelligence Agency contractors. Zubaydah
sought to obtain information (for use in Polish litigation)
about his treatment in 2002 and 2003 at a CIA detention
site, which Zubaydah says was located in Poland. See 28
U. S. C. (permitting district courts to order produc-
tion of testimony or documents "for use in a proceeding in a
foreign... tribunal"). The Government intervened. It
moved to quash the subpoenas based on the state secrets
privilege. That privilege allows the Government to bar the
disclosure of information that, were it revealed, would harm
national security. United States v. Reynolds, -- 7 (1953).
The Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit mostly ac-
cepted the Government's claim of privilege. Husayn v.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*JUSTICE KAGAN joins all but Parts III and IV of this opinion and the
judgment of dismissal.
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

Mitchell, 938 F. 3d 1123, 1134 (2019). But it concluded that
the privilege did not cover information about the location of
the detention site, which Zubaydah alleges to have been in
Poland. Ibid. The Court of Appeals believed that the site's
location had already been publicly disclosed and that the
state secrets privilege did not bar disclosure of information
that was no longer secret (and which, in any event, was be-
ing sought from private parties). Id., at 1132 -- 1133. The
Government argues that the privilege should apply because
Zubaydah's discovery request could force former CIA con-
tractors to confirm the location of the detention site and
that confirmation would itself significantly harm national
security interests. In our view, the Government has pro-
vided sufficient support for its claim of harm to warrant ap-
plication of the privilege. We reverse the Ninth Circuit's
contrary holding.
I
A
For present purposes, we can assume the following: In
the aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks,
the CIA believed that Zubaydah was a senior al Qaeda lieu-
tenant likely to possess knowledge of future attacks against
the United States. S. Rep. No. 288, 113th Cong., 2d Sess.,
p. 21, and (2014) (SSCI Report). In March 2002,
Zubaydah was captured by Pakistani government officials
working with the CIA. Id., at 21. The CIA then transferred
him to a detention site that some sources allege was located
in Thailand. Id., at 22 -- 23; see also 3 Record 552.
Zubaydah remained at this location for several months.
SSCI Report 22, 67. During that time he was subjected to
what the Government then called "enhanced interrogation"
techniques, including waterboarding, stress positions,
cramped confinement, and sleep deprivation. Id., at 40 -- 41.
The Government has since concluded that this treatment
constituted torture. See Press Conference by the President,
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of the Court

Office of the Press Secretary, Aug. 1, 2014, https://
obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2014/08/01/
press-conference-president.
In December 2002, the CIA transferred Zubaydah to a
different detention site -- the site at issue here. SSCI Re-
port 67. The CIA has never confirmed its location, but
Zubaydah and many others believe it was in Poland.
In September 2006, the Government transferred
Zubaydah to its detention facility at the Guantánamo Bay
Naval Base. 3 Record 583. He has been detained in Guan-
tánamo Bay ever since. 938 F. 3d, at 1125.
Some of this information and related details have ap-
peared in various publicly-available documents, including:
• The almost-500 page Executive Summary of a Senate
Select Committee on Intelligence Report concerning
the CIA's use of "enhanced interrogation" techniques.
See generally SSCI Report.
• The European Court of Human Rights' findings con-
cerning Zubaydah's treatment, which that court con-
cluded had taken place in Poland. 3 Record 382 -- 607.
• Testimony given by James Mitchell and John Jessen,
the former CIA contractors who are the targets of
Zubaydah's subpoenas and who designed and imple-
mented the CIA's post-September 11 enhanced-
interrogation program. Id., at 106 -- 149; Tr. in United
States v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, et al. (Jan. 21 -- 31,
2020).
• Mitchell's memoir of his involvement with the CIA's en-
hanced-interrogation program. See generally J. Mitch-
ell & B. Harlow, Enhanced Interrogation: Inside the
Minds and Motives of the Islamic Terrorists Trying to
Destroy America (2016).
Some of these and other publicly available sources say
that, in 2002 and 2003, Zubaydah was detained at a CIA
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

facility in Poland. But, the Government states, the CIA it-
self has never confirmed that one or more of its clandestine
detention sites was located in any specific foreign country.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 134a. Neither, as far as we can tell
from the record, have the contractors Mitchell and Jessen
named the specific foreign countries in which CIA detention
sites were located. Rather, they (like the SSCI Report) have
used code names to refer to the locations where Zubaydah
was held. See, e.g., SSCI Report 62; Tr. in United States v.
Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, et al. (Jan. 21, 2020), at 30190.
Finally, although at least one former Polish government of-
ficial has stated that Poland cooperated with the CIA, to our
knowledge, the Polish government itself has never con-
firmed such allegations. 3 Record 472.
B
1
In 2010, lawyers representing Zubaydah filed a criminal
complaint in Poland asking prosecutors there to hold ac-
countable any Polish nationals who were involved in his al-
leged mistreatment in that country. 938 F. 3d, at 1127. In-
voking a Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty, the Polish
prosecutors asked American authorities for information.
3 Record 441. The United States Department of Justice re-
fused their request on the ground that providing the infor-
mation would adversely affect our national security. Id.,
at 444; see also App. to Brief for Petitioner 4a. The Polish
investigation closed without prosecutions. 938 F. 3d, at
1127.
In 2015, the European Court of Human Rights considered
the matter. It concluded that the CIA had held and tor-
tured Zubaydah at a site located in Poland. 3 Record 558.
It also stated that Poland had failed adequately to investi-
gate the human rights violations that the court believed
had occurred on Polish soil. Id., at 581.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of the Court

In response, the Polish prosecutors reopened their inves-
tigation. 938 F. 3d, at 1128. They again requested infor-
mation from the United States under the Mutual Legal As-
sistance Treaty, and the United States again denied their
requests. Ibid.; see also 3 Record 632 -- 633. At that point,
the Polish prosecutors invited Zubaydah's lawyers to sub-
mit evidence that would aid their investigation.
2
Soon afterward, Zubaydah (and his lawyer) filed the ex
parte 28 U. S. C. discovery application now before us.
938 F. 3d, at 1128. Section 1782 says that a district court
may order a person in its district to provide testimony or
documents "for use in a proceeding in a foreign... tribunal,
including criminal investigations conducted before formal
accusation." Zubaydah asked for permission to serve the
contractors, Mitchell and Jessen, with subpoenas com-
manding them to appear for depositions and to produce
"documents, memoranda and correspondence" regarding an
alleged CIA detention facility in Poland and Zubaydah's
treatment there. The Appendix, infra, at 19 -- 20, lists
Zubaydah's document requests. Twelve of Zubaydah's thir-
teen document requests referred to Poland, and 10 specifi-
cally requested documents "concerning" an alleged CIA de-
tention facility located in Stare Kiejkuty, Poland. Ibid. The
District Court granted Zubaydah's request. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 70a.
The Government intervened. 938 F. 3d, at 1129. Sec-
tion 1782(a) provides that a "person may not be compelled
to give his testimony or statement or to produce a document
or other thing in violation of any legally applicable privi-
lege." The Government claimed that disclosure of the infor-
mation Zubaydah sought would violate the state secrets
privilege. 938 F. 3d, at 1129. It asked the court to quash
the subpoenas. Ibid.
To support its privilege claim, the Government submitted
6 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

a declaration from the Director of the CIA. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 123a -- 137a. The Director said that Mitchell and
Jessen's response to Zubaydah's subpoenas would, in this
case, confirm or deny whether Poland had cooperated with
the CIA. Id., at 129a -- 130a. And that confirmation, the Di-
rector explained, would significantly harm our national se-
curity interests. Id., at 131a.
The District Court granted the Government's motion to
quash the subpoenas. Id., at 60a. It did not accept the Gov-
ernment's claim "that merely confirming [that] a detention
site was operated in Poland would pose a grave risk to na-
tional security." Id., at 59a. But it nonetheless thought the
state secrets privilege applied. It concluded that the state
secrets privilege allowed the Government to suppress "op-
erational details concerning the specifics of cooperation
with a foreign government, including the roles and identi-
ties of foreign individuals." Id., at 55a -- 56a. And it believed that it was not possible to conduct
"[m]eaningful discovery... in this matter" without disclos-
ing these (or other) protected types of information. Id., at
57a. The court rejected Zubaydah's suggestion that it
would be possible to conduct further discovery through the
use of code names that would conceal the locations of CIA
detention facilities. Id., at 55a -- 57a. The court conse-
quently dismissed Zubaydah's application. Id., at
60a.
Zubaydah appealed. A divided panel of the Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in
part. The panel listed the following examples of privileged
information sought by Zubaydah: "documents, memoranda,
and correspondence about the identities and roles of foreign
individuals involved with the detention facility, operational
details about the facility, and any contracts made with
Polish government officials or private persons residing in
Poland [that] might implicate the CIA's intelligence gath-
ering efforts." 938 F. 3d, at 1134; see also Appendix, infra,
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of the Court

at 19 -- 20. But the panel majority held that the District
Court nonetheless should not have dismissed the case.
That was because, in its view, the state secrets privilege did
not apply to information that was already publicly known.
938 F. 3d, at 1133. It added that because Mitchell and
Jessen are "private parties," their disclosures would not
tend to show that the Government itself had "confirm[ed]
or den[ied] anything." Ibid.
More specifically, the panel majority wrote that three cat-
egories of information were not covered by the state secrets
privilege: "the fact that the CIA operated a detention facil-
ity in Poland in the early 2000s; information about the use
of interrogation techniques and conditions of confinement
in that detention facility; and details of Abu Zubaydah's
treatment there." Id., at 1134. The panel
then remanded the case to the District Court for further
proceedings. Id., at 1135, 1137 -- 1138.
The Court of Appeals denied, over a twelve-judge dissent,
the Government's request for rehearing en banc. 965 F. 3d
775 (2020). We granted the Government's petition for cer-
tiorari to determine whether the Court of Appeals erred.
We believe that it did.
II
A
The state secrets privilege permits the Government to
prevent disclosure of information when that disclosure
would harm national security interests. See Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 10 -- 11 (disclosure of Air Force accident investiga-
tion report could disclose "military secrets"); In re Sealed
Case, 494 F. 3d 139, 144 (CADC 2007) (disclosure of inspec-
tor general reports would "create the risk of revealing cov-
ert operatives, organizational structure and functions, and
intelligence-gathering sources, methods, and capabilities");
see also Molerio v. FBI, 749 F. 2d 815, 819, 822 (CADC
1984) (Scalia, J.) (disclosure of FBI's rationale for not hiring
8 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

plaintiff "would impair the national security").
To assert the privilege, the Government must submit to
the court a "formal claim of privilege, lodged by the head of
the department which has control over the matter, after ac-
tual personal consideration by that officer." Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 7 -- 8. "The court itself must determine whether the
circumstances are appropriate for the claim of privilege."
Id., at 8. "Judicial control over the evidence in a case can-
not be abdicated to the caprice of executive officers." Id., at
9 -- 10. Nonetheless, in assessing the Government's claim
that disclosure may harm national security, courts must ex-
ercise the traditional "reluctan[ce] to intrude upon the au-
thority of the Executive in military and national security
affairs." Department of Navy v. Egan, 
(1988).
Although the court itself must assess the sufficiency of
the Government's privilege claim, "the showing of necessity
which is made," by the party seeking disclosure of the os-
tensibly privileged information, "will determine how far the
court should probe in satisfying itself that the occasion for
invoking the privilege is appropriate." Reynolds, 345 U. S.,
at 11. "Where there is a strong showing of necessity, the
claim of privilege should not be lightly accepted." Ibid. In
contrast, "where necessity is dubious, a formal claim of priv-
ilege," demonstrating "a reasonable possibility" of harm to
national security, "will have to prevail." Ibid. And in all
events, "even the most compelling necessity cannot over-
come the claim of privilege if the court is ultimately satis-
fied that military secrets are at stake." Ibid.
JUSTICE GORSUCH agrees that the Government must
show a reasonable danger of harm to national security, that
a court must decide for itself whether the occasion is appro-
priate for claiming the privilege, and that in camera review
is not always required to make that determination. Post, at
17 -- 19 (dissenting opinion). We diverge from the dissent on
how those principles should apply to the specific discovery
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of the Court

requests Zubaydah has made in this litigation. Of course,
our answer to that question is not a judgment of Zubaydah's
alleged terrorist activities, nor of his treatment at the
hands of the United States Government. Obviously the
Court condones neither terrorism nor torture, but in this
case we are required to decide only a narrow evidentiary
dispute.
B
An important factor in our analysis of that narrow issue
is the specific language of Zubaydah's discovery requests
and the Ninth Circuit's opinion, which both make it clear
that any response Mitchell and Jessen give to Zubaydah's
subpoenas would tend to confirm (or deny) the existence of
a CIA detention site in Poland. As we have said, 12 of
Zubaydah's 13 document requests contain the word "Po-
land" or "Polish." Appendix, infra, at 19 -- 20. (The exception
is a broad request for any and all documents concerning
Zubaydah himself. Ibid.) Ten of the requests specifically
seek "documents, correspondence, or memoranda... con-
cerning" the alleged CIA detention site in Stare Kiejkuty,
Poland. Ibid. If Mitchell and Jessen acknowledge the ex-
istence of documents responsive to these requests, they will
effectively acknowledge the existence of the detention facil-
ity referenced therein. Conversely, denying the existence
of responsive documents would deny the existence of such a
facility. In any event, any response to the lion's share of
Zubaydah's document requests will either confirm or deny
that the CIA operated a detention site in Poland.
The problem is confirmed by the Ninth Circuit's opinion,
which allowed continued discovery into three topics: the ex-
istence of a CIA detention facility in Poland, the conditions
of confinement and interrogation at that facility, and
Zubaydah's treatment at that location. 938 F. 3d, at 1134.
The first category, of course, requires Mitchell and Jessen
10 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

to directly confirm or deny the existence of a Polish deten-
tion site. The latter two categories require, at the very
least, confirmation or denial, since acknowledging that any
confinement, interrogation, or treatment occurred at a CIA
detention facility located in Poland would confirm that such
a facility exists or existed.
Because any response to Zubaydah's subpoenas allowed
by the Ninth Circuit's decision will have the effect of confir-
mation or denial (by the Government or its former contrac-
tors) of the existence of a CIA facility in Poland, the primary
question for us must be whether the existence (or non-ex-
istence) of a CIA detention facility in Poland falls within the
scope of the state secrets privilege. For the reasons that
follow, we conclude that it does.
1
We agree with the Government that sometimes infor-
mation that has entered the public domain may nonetheless
fall within the scope of the state secrets privilege. But see
938 F. 3d, at 1133 ("[I]n order to be a 'state secret,' a fact
must first be a 'secret' "). The Government here has pro-
vided a reasonable explanation of why Mitchell and
Jessen's confirmation or denial of the information
Zubaydah seeks could significantly harm national security
interests, even if that information has already been made
public through unofficial sources.
The CIA Director stated in his declaration that the
Agency's counterterrorism efforts rely on "clandestine" re-
lationships with foreign intelligence services. App. to Pet.
for Cert. 130a -- 131a. The Director explained that foreign
intelligence services "are a critical intelligence source,"
whose help is "vital to our world-wide efforts to collect in-
telligence and thwart terrorist attacks." Ibid.
He further explained that these "sensitive" relationships
with other nations are "based on mutual trust that the clas-
sified existence and nature of the relationship will not be
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

Opinion of the Court

disclosed." Id., at 135a -- 136a. To confirm the existence of
such a relationship would "breach" that trust and have "se-
rious negative consequences," including jeopardizing "rela-
tionships with other foreign intelligence or security ser-
vices." Id., at 131a -- 132a. In light of these concerns, the
CIA "has steadfastly refused to confirm or deny the accu-
racy" of public speculation about its cooperation with Po-
land, leaving "an important element of doubt about the ve-
racity" of that speculation, providing "an additional layer of
confidentiality," and at least confirming that the United
States will "stand firm in safeguarding any coordinated
clandestine activities," despite the passage of time, the ex-
istence of media reports, and changes in public opinion. Id.,
at 133a -- 136a. In a word, to confirm publicly the existence
of a CIA site in Country A, can diminish the extent to which
the intelligence services of Countries A, B, C, D, etc., will
prove willing to cooperate with our own intelligence ser-
vices in the future.
JUSTICE GORSUCH believes that the Government has
failed to meet its "burden of showing that a 'reasonable dan-
ger' of harm to national security would follow from sharing
the information sought." Post, at 21 -- 22. In his view, the
Director's declaration is insufficient to demonstrate "that
requiring the government to acknowledge [that the CIA did
or did not operate a detention facility in Poland in the early
2000s] would invite a reasonable danger of additional harm
to national security." Post, at 22 -- 23. We disagree. It
stands to reason that a former CIA insider's confirmation of
confidential cooperation between the CIA and a foreign in-
telligence service could damage the CIA's clandestine rela-
tionships with foreign authorities. Confirmation by such an
insider is different in kind from speculation in the press or
even by foreign courts because it leaves virtually no doubt
as to the veracity of the information that has been con-
firmed. And there is ample reason to think that the circum-
12 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

stances of this case -- particularly the specific discovery re-
quests at issue here -- could lead to this kind of confirma-
tion. In any event, the CIA's refusal to confirm or deny its
cooperation with foreign intelligence services plays an im-
portant role in and of itself in maintaining the trust upon
which those relationships are based.
Nor, as JUSTICE GORSUCH believes, do we reach this con-
clusion by incorrectly placing the burden on Zubaydah to
disprove the Government's assertion of harm. Post, at 23.
To the contrary, we agree with JUSTICE GORSUCH that the
Government bears the burden of showing that the privilege
should apply -- we simply disagree with his conclusion that
it failed to meet that burden here. In our view, the Direc-
tor's declaration adequately establishes "that there is a rea-
sonable danger that compulsion of the evidence [at issue]
will expose... matters which, in the interest of national
security, should not be divulged." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at
10. And we have found nothing in the evidentiary record
that casts doubt on our conclusion that the Government has
met its burden here. Reynolds itself contemplated that a
similar basis for a claim of privilege could prevail without
further examination by the court of the ostensibly privi-
leged evidence. Id., at 9 -- 11.
In contrast, JUSTICE THOMAS, referring to Reynolds, be-
lieves that we need not consider the Government's justifi-
cations for invoking the privilege at all because Zubaydah
has not made a " 'strong showing of necessity' " for the re-
quested information. Post, at 1 -- 2 (opinion concurring in
part and concurring in judgment). Reynolds, however,
taken as an example, indicates that the Government ini-
tially must formally invoke the privilege. 345 U. S., at 8.
Then the court itself must "determine whether the circum-
stances are appropriate for the claim of privilege." Ibid.
And only after satisfying itself that the Government has of-
fered a valid reason for invoking the privilege would a court
turn to the issue of necessity (a matter that would help the
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

court determine how deeply to probe the details of, and ba-
sis for, the Government's privilege claim). Id., at 10 -- 11.
We follow Reynolds' example here.
2
Additionally, the Government cites legal authority from
the separate but roughly analogous Freedom of Information
Act (FOIA) context, which supports our conclusion that the
CIA's concerns warrant application of the state secrets priv-
ilege. Brief for Petitioner 32 -- 34. The FOIA contains ex-
emptions that permit an agency to withhold Government
records that a member of the public has requested and
which the agency would otherwise have to disclose. 5
U. S. C.. But the exemptions do not apply (and the
agency must make the information available) if the infor-
mation has already become public, provided that it has been
"officially acknowledged" by the agency from which the in-
formation is sought. Fitzgibbon v. CIA, 911 F. 2d 755, 765
(CADC 1990). The Court of Appeals held
that, under the circumstances present in Fitzgibbon, if
there has been "official acknowledgment" then the agency
must disclose the information despite the exemption. Ibid.
If the agency has not officially acknowledged the infor-
mation, however, then it may withhold the information (un-
der an applicable exemption) despite the fact that the infor-
mation has become public. Ibid.
To be clear, the FOIA doctrine is only an (imperfect) anal-
ogy, and nothing in this opinion should be taken to suggest
that the waiver standards in that area apply directly to the
state secrets privilege. However, the principles underlying
the FOIA rule provide at least some support for the Govern-
ment's position here. Lower courts have explained that the
official acknowledgement doctrine recognizes the reality
that official confirmation of sensitive information may pose
risks that unofficial disclosure does not. "It is one thing for
a reporter or author to speculate or guess that a thing may
14 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

be so or even, quoting undisclosed sources, to say that it is
so; it is quite another thing for one in a position to know of
it officially to say that it is so." Alfred A. Knopf, Inc. v.
Colby, 509 F. 2d 1362, 1370 (CA4 1975). Official confirma-
tion may dispel "lingering doubts" or reveal that the infor-
mation currently in the public domain is incomplete or itself
a cover story. Military Audit Project v. Casey, 656 F. 2d 724,
744 -- 745 (CADC 1981).
This logic helps to explain why disclosure by Mitchell and
Jessen could be harmful in ways that disclosure by other
sources would not. Here, the Government has not con-
firmed or otherwise officially acknowledged the existence of
a CIA detention site in Poland and it has explained why,
under these circumstances, confirmation of that infor-
mation could reasonably be expected to significantly harm
national security interests. That is sufficient to demon-
strate that "the occasion for the privilege is appropriate."
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10. (The Polish government has also
never confirmed whether it cooperated with the CIA, so we
need not decide in this case what significance, if any, that
disclosure would have.)
3
The Court of Appeals also believed that, because Mitchell
and Jessen are "private parties," their "disclosures [were]
not equivalent to the United States confirming or denying
anything." 938 F. 3d, at 1133. We do not agree with this
conclusion. Mitchell and Jessen worked directly for the CIA
as contractors. Zubaydah contends (without contradiction)
that Mitchell and Jessen "devised and implemented" the
CIA's enhanced-interrogation program and that they per-
sonally interrogated Zubaydah. Brief for Respondents 1 -- 2.
Given Mitchell and Jessen's central role in the relevant
events, we believe that their confirmation (or denial) of the
information Zubaydah seeks would be tantamount to a dis-
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

closure from the CIA itself. Indeed, the CIA Director's Dec-
laration describes the harm that would result from Mitchell
and Jessen responding to the subpoenas, not the risks of a
response from the CIA (or any other CIA official or em-
ployee).
4
At the same time, Zubaydah's need is not great. At oral
argument Zubaydah suggested that he did not seek confir-
mation of the detention site's Polish location so much as he
sought information about what had happened there. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 44 ("We know where Abu Zubaydah was. We
want to establish how he was treated there").
5
For these reasons, we conclude that in this case the state
secrets privilege applies to the existence (or nonexistence)
of a CIA facility in Poland. It therefore precludes further
discovery into all three categories of information the Ninth
Circuit concluded to be nonprivileged because, as we have
explained, such discovery will inevitably confirm or deny
the existence of such a facility. See supra, at 8 -- 10.
III
While JUSTICE KAGAN and JUSTICE GORSUCH would send
the case back for additional proceedings, we believe that it
must be dismissed. Although application of the state se-
crets privilege does not always require dismissal, we are
unpersuaded that the litigation at issue here, founded upon
the specific document requests set forth in the Appendix,
infra, at 19 -- 20, can survive the Government's successful
privilege claim.
JUSTICE GORSUCH first suggests that we should remand
for the District Court to conduct "in camera review of any
evidence the government might wish to present to substan-
tiate its privilege claim." Post, at 24. It is true that some-
times a court must personally review the evidence at issue
16 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

in order to assess the Government's assertion of the state
secrets privilege. See Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10. However,
additional judicial probing is inappropriate here for two
reasons taken together. First, for the reasons explained
above, the CIA Director's affidavit, together with the lack
of contrary evidence, is sufficient to "satisfy [us]... that
there is a reasonable danger that compulsion of the [privi-
leged] evidence will expose... matters which, in the inter-
est of national security, should not be divulged." Ibid. Sec-
ond, the necessity of additional judicial probing depends, as
we have explained, on Zubaydah's need for the information
he seeks. We have explained that much of that information
is already publicly available from other sources. Supra,
at 3. The public availability of information concerning
Zubaydah's treatment diminishes his need for the discovery
he seeks from Mitchell and Jessen, and thus for further ju-
dicial probing of the Government's privilege claim. See
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11 ("necessity [is] greatly minimized
by an available alternative"). Zubaydah's need for infor-
mation about his treatment may be further diminished by
the Government's representation that (subject to a security
review) it will allow Zubaydah "to send a declaration that
could be transmitted to Polish prosecutors." Letter from
B. Fletcher, Acting Solicitor General, to S. Harris, Clerk of
Court 3 (Oct. 15, 2021). And, as we just said, Zubaydah's
counsel stated at oral argument: "We know where Abu
Zubaydah was. We want to establish how he was treated
there." Tr. of Oral Arg. 44.
Alternatively, both JUSTICE KAGAN and JUSTICE
GORSUCH suggest that even if "the existence [or nonexist-
ence] of a detention site in Poland really does qualify as a
state secret," we should nonetheless remand so that discov-
ery may continue on a different topic: Zubaydah's treatment
from "December 2002 through September 2003 and without
reference to geography." Post, at 24 (GORSUCH, J., dissent-
ing); see also post, at 2 -- 5 (KAGAN, J., concurring in part and
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 17

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

dissenting in part). In their view, "familiar judicial tools,"
such as protective orders and code names, would be ade-
quate to protect against the possibility of an "inadvertent
disclosur[e]" of privileged information. Post, at 25 (opinion
of GORSUCH, J.); see also post, at 3 -- 4 (opinion of KAGAN, J.).
Unfortunately, this suggestion ignores the nature of the
specific discovery requests at issue here. It may well be
that such techniques have successfully prevented the dis-
closure of classified information in previous litigation on re-
lated subject matter. See post, at 25 -- 26 (opinion of
GORSUCH, J.) (describing protective measures used to pre-
vent disclosure of classified information in United States
v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad and Salim v. Mitchell,
No. 2:15 -- cv -- 286 (ED Wash.)). But the nature of this case
(an exclusively discovery-related proceeding aimed at pro-
ducing evidence for use by Polish criminal investigators)
and the specific discovery requests before us convince us
that these techniques would not be effective here. In par-
ticular, as we have already explained, both the subpoena's
language and the Ninth Circuit's decision are such that any
response to Zubaydah's discovery requests would inevitably
tend to confirm or deny whether the CIA operated a deten-
tion site located in Poland. Supra, at 8. All this is true
regardless of protective measures that might be employed
by the courts below. Of course, we need not and do not here
decide whether a different discovery request filed by
Zubaydah might avoid the problems that preclude further
litigation regarding the requests at issue here.
Finally, JUSTICE GORSUCH ignores the nature of this liti-
gation. This case arises from Zubaydah's ex parte applica-
tion for discovery under. It is a purely evidentiary
proceeding and thus unlike most litigation, which may, af-
ter a successful assertion of the state secrets privilege, "con-
tinue without the government's privileged proof." Post, at
24. Here, the privilege blocks Zubaydah's discovery re-
quests, which are the proceeding's sole object. Given that
18 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

fact, we can see no reason to remand for further proceed-
ings.
IV
We reverse the judgment of the Ninth Circuit and re-
mand the case with instructions to dismiss Zubaydah's cur-
rent application for discovery under.
It is so ordered.
Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 19

Opinion of the Court

APPENDIX
20 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins, con-
curring in part and concurring in the judgment.
Under United States v. Reynolds, (1953), a
court evaluates the Government's assertion of the state-
secrets privilege based on "the showing of necessity...
made" by the party requesting discovery. Id., at 11. If the
party makes only "a dubious showing of necessity," the
claim of privilege "will have to prevail" without judicial
scrutiny into the Government's basis for the claim. Ibid. If
the party makes "a strong showing of necessity," however,
immediate dismissal of the discovery request is not re-
quired. Ibid. A court may then ask whether there is a "rea-
sonable danger" that "military secrets are at stake." Id., at
10 -- 11. In answering that question, the court must afford
"the utmost deference" to the Executive's national-security
assessment. Department of Navy v. Egan, (1988). "[I]f the
court is ultimately satisfied that military secrets are at
stake," "even the most compelling necessity cannot over-
come the claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11.
The Court acknowledges that Abu Zubaydah's need for
discovery from two CIA contractors is "not great," ante, at
15, but it declines to dismiss Zubaydah's discovery applica-
tion on that basis. Rather, the Court concludes that the
Government "has provided a reasonable explanation" why
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Zubaydah's proposed discovery "could significantly harm
national security interests." Ante, at 10. In my view,
Zubaydah's "dubious" need for the discovery he seeks re-
quires dismissal of his discovery application, regardless of
the Government's reasons for invoking the state-secrets
privilege. I, therefore, join only Part IV of the Court's opin-
ion.
I
Abu Zubaydah is a terrorist. Before his detention, he was
an al Qaeda-associated senior operative engaged in active
hostilities against the United States. See generally Factual
Return for Abu Zubaydah (ISN 10016), pp. 1 -- 44, in Husayn
v. Austin, No. 08 -- cv -- 1360 (DDC), ECF Doc. 474 -- 1, pp. 24 -- 
67 (Factual Return). Between 1994 and 2000, Zubaydah
was the "key facilitator" for the "Khaldan camp," a terrorist
training center in eastern Afghanistan. Id., at 14, ¶33; see
also Barhoumi v. Obama, 609 F. 3d 416, 425 (CADC 2010);
National Commission on Terrorist Attacks upon the United
States, The 9/11 Commission Report, pp. 59, 175 (2004)
(9/11 Report). Among other responsibilities, Zubaydah se-
cured forged passports and visas for terrorist trainees, pro-
vided safe harbor for the trainees at a "guesthouse," and
managed the training camp's expenses. Factual Return 14,
¶33; see also 9/11 Report 169, 178. Numerous Khaldan-
trained terrorists committed acts of terrorism against the
United States, including Khalid al-Mihdhar, the al Qaeda
hijacker who crashed American Airlines Flight 77 into the
Pentagon on September 11, 2001. Factual Return 18, ¶41a;
see also 9/11 Report 73 (noting evidence that suggested the
1993 World Trade Center bombing "plot or plots were
hatched at or near the Khaldan camp").
After the September 11 attacks, Zubaydah "joined enemy
forces against the United States," "facilitated the retreat
and escape of enemy forces out of Afghanistan," and contin-
ued "plotting attacks against the United States." Factual
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Return 11, ¶28. From sites in Afghanistan and Pakistan,
Zubaydah commanded a terrorist militia closely associated
with al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden. See id., at 25 -- 32,
¶¶49 -- 62; Ali v. Obama, 736 F. 3d 542, 546 -- 548 (CADC
2013) (Kavanaugh, J.). Zubaydah had his followers trained
in English, electronics, and explosives. See Factual Return
40 -- 41, ¶¶67 -- 68. He planned to wage war against the
United States by planting remotely operated bombs in var-
ious public locations. See id., at 43, ¶73. In his diary,
Zubaydah reflected that it would be "a lot better" to carry
out a nuclear attack if a nuclear weapon ever became "avail-
able." Id., at 44, ¶73 (emphasis deleted). Zubaydah wanted
"[a] general war, non stop and without mercy." Ibid.
On March 28, 2002, U. S. and allied forces captured
Zubaydah at his safe house in Faisalabad, Pakistan. Id., at
32, ¶63; Ali, 736 F. 3d, at 543. Zubaydah "used the Faisal-
abad house to prepare for attacks on U. S. and Coalition
forces using remote-detonated explosives." Id., at 546 -- 547.
After his capture, the CIA transferred Zubaydah to several
detention sites abroad before detaining him at Guantánamo
Bay Naval Base, where he remains today. Between March
2002 and September 2006, CIA interrogation of Zubaydah
yielded 766 disseminated intelligence reports. S. Rep.
No. 113 -- 288, p. 46 (2014). "Zubaydah provided information
on al-Qa'ida activities, plans, capabilities, and relation-
ships, in addition to information on its leadership structure,
including personalities, decision-making processes, train-
ing, and tactics." Ibid..
In this case, Zubaydah seeks discovery under 28 U. S. C.
from two former CIA contractors, James Mitchell and
John Jessen. Zubaydah does not request this discovery for
his own use. Rather, Polish prosecutors asked Zubaydah to
file a discovery application after the United States repeat-
edly declined the prosecutors' requests for information re-
garding CIA operations at an alleged detention site in Po-
land. See ante, at 4 -- 5; Husayn v. Mitchell, 965 F. 3d 775,
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

782 (CA9 2020) (Bress, J., dissenting from denial of rehear-
ing en banc). Zubaydah claims to have been detained and
tortured at that site, and Polish authorities are investigat-
ing those allegations. The United States now moves to
quash Zubaydah's application by invoking the state-
secrets privilege, citing national-security interests.
II
A
In Reynolds, this Court held that the Government may
invoke the state-secrets privilege whenever "there is a rea-
sonable danger that compulsion of the evidence will expose
military matters which, in the interest of national security,
should not be divulged." 345 U. S., at 10. Upon the Gov-
ernment's "formal claim of privilege," "[t]he court itself
must determine whether the circumstances are appropriate
for the claim of privilege, and yet do so without forcing a
disclosure of the very thing the privilege is designed to pro-
tect." Id., at 7 -- 8 (footnote omitted).
Reynolds prescribed a two-step framework instructing
courts "how far [they] should probe in satisfying [them-
selves] that the occasion for invoking the privilege is appro-
priate." Id., at 11. First, courts must assess the requesting
party's need for the Government's privileged material. If
the party's need is "dubious," a formal claim of privilege
"will have to prevail" without judicial inquiry into the basis
for the Government's claim. Ibid. A party has a dubious
need unless it can show that the proposed discovery is "im-
mediately and essentially applicable" to the party's case.
United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas. 30, 37 (No. 14,692d) (CC
Va. 1807) (Marshall, C. J.). For example, a "dubious show-
ing of necessity" arises if a party has an "available alterna-
tive" to privileged material that might "giv[e him] the evi-
dence to make out [his] case without forcing a showdown on
the claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. Like-
wise, a party's need is dubious if it is "possible... to adduce
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

the essential facts... without resort to material touching
upon military secrets." Ibid.
Second, if a party has made a "strong showing of neces-
sity," immediate dismissal of the discovery request is not
required. Ibid. The court may then ask whether there is a
"reasonable danger" that "military secrets are at stake."
Id., at 10 -- 11. When answering that question, in camera
review is not "automati[c]," id., at 10, but rather "a last re-
sort," Larson v. Department of State, 565 F. 3d 857, 870
(CADC 2009). And, in
all cases, the court must afford the "utmost deference" to
the Executive's assessment of national-security threats.
Egan, 484 U. S., at 530.1
Such deference is required because it is the responsibility
of the Executive, "not that of the judiciary, to weigh the va-
riety of complex and subtle factors in determining whether
disclosure of information may lead to an unacceptable risk
of compromising" the Nation's safety. CIA v. Sims, (1985). Ultimately, if the court is "satisfied

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 JUSTICE BREYER suggests that case law under the Freedom of Infor-

mation Act (FOIA) might provide a "roughly analogous" framework for
courts to assess the Government's claim of state-secrets privilege. Ante,
at 13 (plurality opinion). Yet, at the same time, JUSTICE BREYER admits
that the analogy is "imperfect," and stresses that "nothing in [his] opin-
ion should be taken to suggest" that FOIA law is "directly" relevant. Ibid.
No party has proposed a FOIA approach to state secrets, presumably be-
cause the statute has no apparent connection to the state-secrets privi-
lege. Like the parties, I do not think that FOIA is relevant in this con-
text. This Court has held that FOIA's "basic purpose" is to "open agency
action to the light of public scrutiny," regardless of the "particular pur-
pose for which the document is being requested." Department of Justice
v. Reporters Comm. for Freedom of Press, (1989) (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). That "basic purpose" is antithetical to
the state-secrets privilege, which exists to protect "military matters
[that] should not be divulged," even when a party demonstrates "the most
compelling necessity." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10, 11. Thus, FOIA favors
disclosure regardless of a party's need, while the state-secrets privilege
mandates secrecy even if need is at its zenith.
6 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

that military secrets are at stake," "even the most compel-
ling necessity cannot overcome the claim of privilege."
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11; see also Trump v. Vance, 591
U. S. ___, ___ (2020) (THOMAS, J., dissenting).
Reynolds itself involved only a "dubious" need for privi-
leged material. The plaintiffs were widows of three civil-
ians who died when a military flight "testing secret elec-
tronic equipment" crashed. 345 U. S., at 3. The plaintiffs
filed suit under the Federal Tort Claims Act, 28 U. S. C.
et seq., and the Government invoked the state-secrets
privilege to withhold the Air Force's accident investigation
report and related materials. See 345 U. S., at 3 -- 4. The
Court sustained the privilege because the plaintiffs "posed
the privilege question for decision with the formal claim of
privilege set against a dubious showing of necessity." Id.,
at 11. Specifically, the plaintiffs had adduced "nothing to
suggest that the electronic equipment... had any causal
connection with the accident," making discovery into the
equipment unnecessary. Ibid. The Government also had
"offered to make the surviving crew members available for
examination," but the plaintiffs declined that invitation.
Ibid. For these reasons, and not because the Court inde-
pendently assessed whether "military secrets [were] at
stake," ibid., the Court found the plaintiffs' need "dubious"
and ordered the dismissal of their discovery request.
B
In this case, the Court inverts the Reynolds test so that
courts first ask whether the Government "has offered a
valid reason for invoking the privilege," and then ask
whether the requesting party has demonstrated sufficient
need for the discovery. Ante, at 12. Now, a court "turn[s]
to the issue of necessity" not to determine whether to eval-
uate the Government's reasons for invoking the state-
secrets privilege, but rather to ascertain "how deeply to
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

probe the details of, and basis for, the Government's privi-
lege claim." Ante, at 13.
Reynolds squarely forecloses the Court's reasons-first ap-
proach. Regardless of need, a claim of privilege must pre-
vail once the Government has given a "valid reason" to sup-
port it, because "even the most compelling necessity cannot
overcome the claim of privilege if the court is ultimately sat-
isfied that military secrets are at stake." Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 11. The Court offers no explanation how a court
might discern a "valid reason" to invoke the state-secrets
privilege without also being "satisfied" that state secrets
are in issue. Here, to determine whether the Government
has offered a "valid reason," the Court even searched "the
evidentiary record" to ensure that "nothing... casts doubt
on [its] conclusion." Ante, at 12. Thus, to start by evaluat-
ing the Government's reasons for privilege, as the Court
does, leaves Reynolds' analysis of need with no role to play.
That result is flatly inconsistent with Reynolds, where the
Court did not evaluate the Government's reasons to support
its privilege claim, but instead ordered dismissal of the dis-
covery request in light of the plaintiffs' "dubious showing of
necessity." 345 U. S., at 11. In upending Reynolds' test, the
Court fails to grapple with or even discuss Reynolds' analy-
sis.
Unfortunately, by invoking need as Reynolds' second
step, with a cryptic instruction to "probe" the Government's
reasons yet more "deeply," ante, at 13, the Court twice puts
the Nation's security at risk. First, any judicial inquiry
more searching than the Court's analysis here likely will
lead to in camera review whenever the requesting party
demonstrates adequate need. Because the Court already
dissects the CIA Director's declaration, see ante, at 10 -- 11,
it is unclear how else the Government could support its
privilege claim other than by disclosing evidence in camera.
But making in camera review turn on the party's need im-
properly prescribes "automati[c]... disclosure to the judge"
8 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

in the narrow but important class of cases for which the
moving party demonstrates adequate need. Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 10. Such an approach also ignores that "examina-
tion of the evidence... by the judge alone" "jeopardize[s]
the security which the privilege is meant to protect." Ibid.
While the Executive can control its subordinates' access to
state secrets and enforce penalties if such material is mis-
handled, it has little control once state secrets fall into the
Judiciary's hands. Disclosure to a judge, therefore, poses a
very real national-security threat. The plurality's cavalier
statement that "sometimes" in camera review is warranted
fails even to acknowledge that risk. Ante, at 15.
Second, the Court's inverted Reynolds test undermines
the "utmost deference" owed to the Executive's national-
security judgments. Egan, 484 U. S., at 530 (internal quo-
tation marks omitted). While the Court purports to apply
that standard in this case, see ante, at 8, it then instructs
courts to "probe" more "deeply" the "basis for... the Gov-
ernment's privilege claim" when need is established, ante,
at 13. This will inevitably result in "judicial second-
guessing" of core national-security determinations, "de-
feat[ing] the unity, secrecy, and dispatch that the Founders
believed to be so important" to the Executive Branch.
Hamdi v. Rumsfeld, (2004) (THOMAS, J.,
dissenting); see also The Federalist No. 64, pp. 392 -- 393 (C.
Rossiter ed. 1961) (because "perfect secrecy [is] sometimes
requisite" in international affairs, the President must be
"able to manage the business of intelligence in such manner
as prudence may suggest").
C
JUSTICE KAVANAUGH joins the Court's opinion but would
reframe its test. Rather than invert Reynolds' two-step ap-
proach, he maintains that the Government's assertion of
privilege should prompt a "threshold judicial inquiry" in
which a court asks whether "the 'circumstances indicat[e] a
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

reasonable possibility' that state secrets are involved."
Post, at 1 (opinion concurring in part). JUSTICE KAVANAUGH fails to describe
what this analysis entails, other than to characterize it as
"not demanding" and the result as "typically self-evident."
Post, at 1. But his Reynolds step 0 cannot be meaningfully
different from the Court's upfront demand for reason giv-
ing. He concedes that this is a case of " 'dubious' need," post,
at 1, so he cannot think
that the Court properly applies Reynolds' second step. He
also joins the Court's analysis in relevant part, which indi-
cates that his "threshold judicial inquiry" includes both the
Court's searching evaluation of the CIA Director's declara-
tion and its review of the record to ensure that nothing
"casts doubt" on the Director's explanation. See ante, at 12
(majority opinion). In short, JUSTICE KAVANAUGH's tripar-
tite test must likewise require plenary (though deferential)
review at the "threshold," with more exacting review (some-
times including in camera review) as the party's need
grows.
To be sure, Reynolds acknowledged that the Government
raised the state-secrets privilege "under circumstances in-
dicating a reasonable possibility that military secrets were
involved." 345 U. S., at 10 -- 11. JUSTICE KAVANAUGH relies
on that language to create Reynolds step 0. See post, at 1
(opinion concurring in part). But Reynolds did not envision
the threshold reason-giving requirement that JUSTICE
KAVANAUGH proposes and the Court now applies. Instead,
in discussing the "circumstances," Reynolds merely charac-
terized the facts of the case: There was "a reasonable possi-
bility that military secrets were involved" because the case
involved "a military plane which had gone aloft to test se-
cret electronic equipment." 345 U. S., at 10 -- 11. It did not
require a "threshold judicial inquiry" to make that observa-
tion. Nor does it require any meaningful "inquiry" to ob-
10 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

serve that this case involves an alleged clandestine deten-
tion site. Again, Reynolds' only "threshold inquiry" was to
assess the plaintiffs' need for the Government's privileged
material. That is why the Court decided that the Govern-
ment's claim of privilege "cut off further demand for the doc-
uments on the showing of necessity" without assessing the
validity of the Government's reasons. Id., at 11. The Court
and JUSTICE KAVANAUGH's reasons-first, need-later ap-
proach has no basis in our case law.
D
Finally, JUSTICE GORSUCH would dispense with Reynolds
and instruct judges to evaluate de novo the Government's
invocation of the state-secrets privilege. He does not say
"de novo," but his analysis makes the point clear. He sum-
marily dismisses the CIA Director's 15-page declaration as
a "conclusory assertion," post, at 23 (dissenting opinion),
proposes that courts "often should" review state secrets in
camera, post, at 18, and then suggests that courts "inde-
pendently" evaluate that privileged information, post, at 15.
This approach finds no support in Reynolds, Egan, or re-
lated cases, see Part II -- A, supra, as JUSTICE GORSUCH ef-
fectively concedes. He rejects Egan, see, e.g., post, at 17,
and he criticizes Reynolds for accepting the Government's
claim of privilege "at face value" "without even pausing to
review" the privileged information, post, at 15. True, quot-
ing Reynolds, JUSTICE GORSUCH indicates that courts
should ask whether discovery would present a " 'reasonable
danger' " to national security. Post, at 17. But the question remains: in whose judgment? His
answer is clear: our "independent judgment." Post, at 17.
JUSTICE GORSUCH offers three arguments to support
de novo judicial review of a state-secrets claim, none of
which has merit. First, he asserts that "courts generally
must respect... the ancient rule that the public enjoys a
right to 'every man's evidence.' " Post, at 11 11

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Wigmore, Evidence in Trials at Common Law,
p. 2965 (1905)). But whatever "right" there may be to civil
discovery generally,2 there is no "right" to state secrets spe-
cifically. As Wigmore explained, when any of "the various
privileges" applies, the obligation to produce evidence is
"not insisted upon." Id., at 2967. The state-secrets privi-
lege, of course, is "a privilege which is well established in
the law of evidence." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 6 -- 7; see also
Totten v. United States, (1876); Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 37. Thus, to assert a "right" to discovery proves
nothing, because the formal claim of the state-secrets priv-
ilege overrides it here.
Second, JUSTICE GORSUCH posits that "[b]ecause Con-
gress has expressly authorized the Judiciary to entertain
this suit" by enacting, "it follows that we may not re-
flexively defer to the Executive's wish to see it dismissed."
Post, at 12,. But that argument "omits an important
caveat found in the same [provision]" on which JUSTICE
GORSUCH relies. Ibid. Section 1782(a) provides: "A person
may not be compelled to give his testimony or statement or
to produce a document or other thing in violation of any le-
gally applicable privilege." Thus, far from inviting de novo
review, Congress instructed federal courts to apply all priv-
ileges -- including the state-secrets privilege -- with full

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 But see, e.g., 4 St. George Tucker, Blackstone's Commentaries 381 -- 

382 (1803) (discussing limits on discovery at common law, including the
lack of "complete discovery by the oath of the parties"; "a compulsive
power for the production of books and papers belonging to the parties";
and "powe[r] to examine witnesses abroad"); E. Sunderland, Scope and
Method of Discovery Before Trial, 42 Yale L. J. 863, 866 -- 867 (1933) (dis-
cussing limits on discovery in equity); S. Subrin, Fishing Expeditions Al-
lowed: The Historical Background of the 1938 Federal Discovery Rules,
39 Boston College L. Rev. 691, 694 (1998) ("Historically, discovery [was]
extremely limited in both England and the United States"); id., at 695
(at common law, "a party could neither take the stand nor force the op-
posing party to do so").
12 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

force. Invoking merely presents anew the question
in this case: what does the state-secrets privilege require.3
Third, JUSTICE GORSUCH invokes Chief Justice Mar-
shall's two opinions in the Burr prosecution, but both cut
decisively against him. In 1807, the Federal Government
prosecuted Aaron Burr, the former Vice President, for trea-
son and, later, misdemeanor incitement. Vance, 591 U. S.,
at ___, ___ (, 7). Burr moved for a subpoena
duces tecum ordering President Jefferson to produce a let-
ter from General James Wilkinson, Burr's principal ac-
cuser. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 5). Chief Justice Mar-
shall explained that it "d[id] not... appear to the court that
the the president d[id] object to the production of any part
of [Wilkinson's] letter." United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas.
187, 192 (No. 14,694) (CC Va. 1807); see also Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 31, 37. But "[h]ad the president" done so and
"subjected [the letter] to certain restrictions, and stated
that in his judgment the public interest required certain
parts of it to be kept secret," Chief Justice Marshall assured
that "all proper respect would have been paid" to the Presi-
dent's invocation of privilege. Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 192.
JUSTICE GORSUCH nonetheless reasons that it would not
have been enough, to defeat the subpoena, for President
Jefferson to have objected on state-secrets grounds. Chief
Justice Marshall supposedly would have required the Pres-
ident to " 'state the particular reasons' " for withholding the
Wilkinson letter, and the court then could have "decide[d]
for itself whether to sustain a claim of privilege." Post, at
12. JUSTICE GORSUCH's
argument by selective quotation is incorrect. Chief Justice
Marshall explained that "on objections being made by the
president to the production of a paper, the court would not
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 JUSTICE GORSUCH eventually recognizes that neither the supposed

"duty to produce every man's evidence" nor actually supports his
position. Post, at 17,. He concedes that both sources simply present
"the question when the state secrets privilege applies." Ibid.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

proceed further in the case without such an affidavit as
would clearly sh[o]w the paper to be essential to the justice
of the case." Id., at 192 ; see also Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 37 ("If it does contain any matter which... it is
not the wish of the executive to disclose, such matter, if it
be not immediately and essentially applicable to the point,
will, of course, be suppressed"). That analysis tracks Reyn-
olds' first step: The Government invokes the state-secrets
privilege, and the privilege will prevail unless the request-
ing party makes the requisite showing of need. Thus,
JUSTICE GORSUCH is simply incorrect that "Chief Justice
Marshall nowhere suggested that the state secrets privilege
should apply in this country without... a statement" of
reasons to support the privilege. Post, at 13,.
JUSTICE GORSUCH further errs in asserting that a review-
ing court must demand a statement of reasons and then
"decide for itself " whether those reasons are adequate.
Post, at 12. Quite the opposite: Chief Justice Marshall ex-
plained that "[t]he president may," not must, "state the par-
ticular reasons" for his claim of privilege, and that the court
will "unquestionably allow... full force to those reasons,"
25 F. Cas., at 192, not "decide for itself "
whether they pass muster, post, at 12. That analysis fol-
lows Reynolds' second step: If there is adequate need, the
Government may explain the basis for privilege and the
court affords "utmost deference" or "full force" to those rea-
sons. The reality of Burr, then, is the opposite of what
JUSTICE GORSUCH proposes.
Ultimately, JUSTICE GORSUCH's animating concern is
that judicial deference to the Executive's national-security
judgments risks collapsing "the many points of difference"
between our Chief Executive and the 18th-century British
monarch. Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 34. Not so. This Court's
standard of utmost deference bears little relation to "the
privilege the English crown enjoyed." Post, at 13. In con-
trasting the American Executive and the British monarch,
14 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Chief Justice Marshall explained that only a king could not
be made "to appear under the process of the court," and
therefore he alone could object even to the issuance of a sub-
poena. Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 34. The President, meanwhile,
must move to quash a subpoena rather than object to "its
being issued," and then he may invoke "the law of evidence"
as grounds "for not obeying the process of the court." Ibid.
That is precisely how the Executive Branch proceeded here.
After the District Court first granted Zubaydah's discovery
application, the Government moved to quash it in light of
the state-secrets privilege. See ante, at 5 -- 6. To eviscerate
that privilege, as JUSTICE GORSUCH proposes, would not
protect the Nation from monarchy. Rather, it would con-
travene the "constitutional directive" that the Executive
has "primary responsibility -- along with the necessary
power -- to protect the national security." Zivotofsky v.
Kerry, (2015) (THOMAS, J., concurring in
judgment in part and dissenting in part).
III
While the Court recognizes that Zubaydah's need for dis-
covery from Mitchell and Jessen is "not great," ante, at 15;
see also ante, at 16 (plurality opinion), it refuses to dismiss
Zubaydah's discovery application in light of his "dubious
showing of necessity," Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. Instead,
as explained above, the Court begins at Reynolds' second
step and concludes that the Government "has provided a
reasonable explanation" why Zubaydah's proposed discov-
ery "could significantly harm national security interests."
Ante, at 10.4 I agree that the Government has offered, at

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Elsewhere, JUSTICE BREYER notes that the "Polish government has

also never confirmed whether it cooperated with the CIA," and he there-
fore declines to decide "what significance, if any, that disclosure would
have." Ante, at 14 (plurality opinion). Any such disclosure plainly would
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

the very least, a "reasonable explanation" to support its
claim of state secrets, but I would dismiss Zubaydah's dis-
covery application at Reynolds' first step.5 For at least
three reasons, Zubaydah has failed to prove any nontrivial
need for his requested discovery.
First, Zubaydah will not use the requested discovery "in
a case" that can offer him any meaningful relief. Reynolds,
345 U. S., at 9. While even the plaintiffs in Reynolds sought
to exercise a federal right that potentially entitled them to
damages, Zubaydah, by contrast, does not assert any fed-
eral right to relief. He does not allege, for example, that the
proposed discovery would support his release from federal
custody. Nor could he, as "the sought discovery will be
shipped overseas for the benefit of another country's judi-
cial system, and at that point, totally out of control of a do-
mestic court." 965 F. 3d, at 792 (opinion of Bress, J.) (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). Instead, Zubaydah requests
discovery on behalf of foreign authorities to help them pros-
ecute foreign nationals who allegedly committed crimes in
a foreign country. At least for purposes of the state-secrets
privilege, Zubaydah has no cognizable "need" to serve as a
conduit for foreign discovery. This Court has never held
that an individual's desire to litigate a foreign case, let
alone his desire merely to assist in the litigation of someone
else's foreign case, establishes any need under Reynolds, du-
bious or otherwise.
Second, Zubaydah has failed to pursue "an available al-
ternative" that "might have given [him] the evidence to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
have no significance. The state-secrets privilege "belongs to the Govern-
ment" -- that is, our Government -- alone. United States v. Reynolds, (1953).
5 I agree that dismissal is the appropriate disposition because "the

privilege blocks Zubaydah's discovery requests, which are the proceed-
ing's sole object." Ante, at 17 (plurality opinion). But even in ordinary
litigation, dismissal of the action is required whenever the case cannot
be fairly litigated without the disclosure of state secrets. See Totten v.
United States, (1876).
16 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

make out [his] case without forcing a showdown on the
claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. Before this
Court, Zubaydah recognizes that his testimony as an al-
leged "survivor" of CIA interrogation could substitute for
discovery from Mitchell and Jessen. Brief for Respondents
40. After all, what the Polish authorities supposedly "need
to know is what happened inside Abu Zubaydah's cell be-
tween December 2002 and September 2003." Tr. of Oral
Arg. 41. While Zubaydah complains that the Government
holds him "incommunicado," he also admits that his attor-
neys may communicate on his behalf with the Govern-
ment's "pre-clearance." Brief for Respondents 40. At oral
argument, the Government confirmed that Zubaydah has
never asked to offer testimony under this preclearance pro-
cedure, see Tr. of Oral Arg. 73, and the Government has
since confirmed that the preclearance procedure remains
available, see Letter Brief for United States 3. Faced with
that confirmation, Zubaydah now concedes that "it is at
least theoretically possible" that the preclearance process
"will lead to a declaration that can assist the Polish prose-
cutor." Letter Brief for Respondents 2. He even asks that
we hold his case in abeyance until he can prepare a decla-
ration. See ibid. But that request comes too late.
Zubaydah's "failure to pursue" an "available alternative"
before demanding state secrets betrays "a dubious showing
of necessity" that cannot overcome the Government's "for-
mal claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11.
Third, on Zubaydah's own telling, it is "possible... to ad-
duce the essential facts... without resort to material
touching upon military secrets." Ibid. At oral argument,
Zubaydah's counsel clarified that Zubaydah does not need
evidence about Poland specifically and seeks discovery only
regarding the conditions of his confinement while in CIA
custody. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41. Of course, that discovery
would still tend to confirm or deny the existence of a deten-
tion site in Poland. See ante, at 17 (plurality opinion). But,
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 17

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

regardless, discovery is not warranted because Zubaydah
effectively disclaims any need for such evidence. In his
brief, Zubaydah claims already to have "abundant evi-
dence" of his "detention and torture on Polish soil." Brief
for Respondents 11. Similarly, at argument, Zubaydah's
counsel represented that Polish authorities have "inter-
viewed 62 people" and "amassed 43 volumes of documents."
Tr. of Oral Arg. 44. His counsel further explained: "We're
simply trying to supplement information" the Polish prose-
cutor "already has." Id., at 66. In light of these admissions,
it is clear that Zubaydah has already "adduce[d] the essen-
tial facts" that he believes are necessary to support the
Polish prosecution. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. His desire
"simply... to supplement" a foreign investigation, Tr. of
Oral Arg. 66, cannot establish the "immediat[e] and essen-
tia[l]" need required to overcome the Government's formal
invocation of the state-secrets privilege, Burr, 25 F. Cas., at
37.
* * *
I would hold that Abu Zubaydah has demonstrated only
"a dubious showing of necessity" for the discovery he seeks
in this case. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. For that reason
alone, dismissal of Zubaydah's discovery application is re-
quired. I, therefore, join only Part IV of the Court's opinion.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in part

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, with whom JUSTICE BARRETT
joins, concurring in part.
I join all but Part II -- B -- 2 of the Court's opinion. I add
this brief concurrence simply to be clear about my under-
standing of how the "formula of compromise" articulated in
Reynolds works in practice. United States v. Reynolds, (1953).
For the state secrets privilege to apply, the relevant gov-
ernment agency head must first assert the privilege. The
court must then determine that the "circumstances in-
dicat[e] a reasonable possibility" that state secrets are in-
volved. Id., at 11. That threshold judicial inquiry is not
demanding because, as our precedent and this case illus-
trate, those circumstances are typically self-evident when
the Executive Branch asserts the state secrets privilege.
See, e.g., id., at 10; Totten v. United States, -- 107 (1876).
At that point, the court must accept the Executive
Branch's assertion of privilege without further inquiry if
the requester has shown only a "dubious" need for the re-
quested information. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. In many
state secrets disputes, the case ends there -- again, this case
proves the point. See Part III, ante. If the requester has
demonstrated a "strong" need for the information, the court
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in part

may under certain circumstances review the requested doc-
uments in camera to confirm that the information falls
within the privilege. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10−11. To be
clear, however, even if the requester has a strong need, a
court should nonetheless not demand to examine the evi-
dence -- even "alone, in chambers" -- if the Government can
"satisfy the court, from all the circumstances of the case,
that there is a reasonable danger that compulsion of the ev-
idence will expose military matters which, in the interest of
national security, should not be divulged." Id., at 10; see
also id., at 11, (noting that in Totten, "[t]he action was
dismissed on the pleadings" because "it was so obvious" that
"the very subject matter of the action, a contract to perform
espionage, was a matter of state secret").
In all events, once the court determines that the re-
quested information falls within the state secrets privilege,
"even the most compelling necessity" cannot overcome the
privilege. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11; see also Totten,. The privilege is absolute, not qualified.
In state secrets cases, a court's review from start to finish
must be deferential to the Executive Branch. As this Court
has long explained, the courts "have traditionally shown
the utmost deference to Presidential responsibilities" in
cases involving "military or diplomatic secrets," United
States v. Nixon, (1974), and "have been
reluctant to intrude upon the authority of the Executive in
military and national security affairs," Department of Navy
v. Egan, (1988).
With that understanding of Reynolds, I join all but Part
II -- B -- 2 of the Court's opinion.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE KAGAN, concurring in part and dissenting in
part.
Both sides have substantial interests in this case -- the
Government in safeguarding its relationships with foreign
intelligence partners; Abu Zubaydah in obtaining infor-
mation needed to right past wrongs. Sometimes, interests
of that kind are wholly irreconcilable, and the state secrets
privilege may then put an end to the suit. But that is not
so here. The Government's national-security concerns all
relate to confirming the location of detention sites.
Zubaydah requests evidence of a broader scope, concerning
not just where he was detained, but also what happened
there. The District Court, using established methods, can
segregate the two kinds of evidence -- protecting classified
information about location while giving Zubaydah access to
unclassified information about detention conditions and in-
terrogation methods. I would remand the case to allow that
process to go forward. So although I join the Court in much
of its analysis, I respectfully dissent from its decision to dis-
miss this suit.
Start with where I join the Court: I agree the Government
has met its burden of showing that testimony by former CIA
contractors confirming the location of Zubaydah's detention
would pose a "reasonable danger" of harm to national secu-
rity. United States v. Reynolds, (1953); see
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

ante, at 10 -- 15. That is true for two reasons. First, testi-
mony of that kind would remove whatever "element of
doubt" exists about the accuracy of public reporting on the
detention site's location, potentially undermining other CIA
activities in that country. App. to Pet. for Cert. 135a (Decl.
of Michael Pompeo, Director, CIA). Second (and possibly
more important here), official confirmation would conflict
with commitments the Government has made to foreign in-
telligence services to never disclose clandestine relation-
ships -- even as "time passes" and "new political parties or
officials come to power" or "media leaks occur." Id., at 136a.
Standing by those commitments, the Government credibly
states, is "critical" to preserving current intelligence part-
nerships and establishing new ones. Id., at 132a; see id., at
136a; ante, at 10 -- 12. Those concerns explain why the Gov-
ernment has refused, across three Presidential administra-
tions, to confirm or deny reports about the foreign countries
involved in the CIA's "former detention and interrogation
program." App. to Pet. for Cert. 133a; see Tr. of Oral Arg.
25. The Court is right to respect that decision, and thus to
deny Zubaydah's request for the location of his detention.
But that does not mean, as the Court insists, that we
should dismiss Zubaydah's suit. From the beginning of this
litigation, Zubaydah has distinguished between the
"where" and the "what" -- the location of the detention site
at issue and the treatment he received there. See, e.g., App.
to Pet. for Cert. 42a (District Court Order). And in this
Court, his attorney made clear that Zubaydah's primary in-
terest is in obtaining information on the latter subject. He
wants the CIA contractors to testify about "what happened
inside [his] cell" during a particular 10-month period, irre-
spective of where that cell may have been. Tr. of Oral Arg.
41; see ibid. ("I'm not planning to ask did it happen in Po-
land.... I want to ask simple questions like, how was Abu
Zubaydah fed? What was his medical condition? What was
his cell like? And, yes, was he tortured?"). For its part, the
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

Government concedes that information about Zubaydah's
treatment is no longer classified: It is, on any understand-
ing, not a state secret. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 6 (explaining
that the Government in 2014 "decided to declassify" infor-
mation about "the treatment of detainees" like Zubaydah
"to facilitate public scrutiny of the United States' actions").
That creates the possibility of segregating the classified (lo-
cation) information from the unclassified (treatment) infor-
mation and allowing discovery into the latter.
That kind of segregation has happened before, showing
what could be done in this case. In 2014, the Senate Select
Committee on Intelligence released a nearly 700-page Re-
port, describing the CIA's torture of various detainees -- all
while using code words like "Detention Site Green" and "De-
tention Site Blue" to designate particular facilities. See S.
Rep. No. 113 -- 288 (2014) (Senate Report). More recently,
the CIA permitted its former contractors to testify, in civil
litigation and Military Commission hearings, about their
use of "enhanced interrogation techniques" on detainees -- 
again without disclosing any locations. See, e.g., Stipula-
tion Regarding Discovery in Salim v. Mitchell, No. 2:15 -- cv -- 
286 (ED Wash.), ECF Doc. 47, pp. 5, 7 -- 8. Both the Senate
Report and the contractors' testimony discuss Zubaydah,
explaining how he was tortured at the first facility he was
brought to (whose location has also been identified in public
reporting). See, e.g., Senate Report, at 17 -- 48, 231, n. 1316
(describing, among other interrogation methods, more than
80 waterboardings); see also post, at 4 -- 5 (GORSUCH, J., dis-
senting). But neither source details what happened to
Zubaydah at the site here in question, the second facility at
which he was detained. What Zubaydah now mainly wants
is to fill that gap. He is requesting the same information
about the second facility as he already has about the first:
the contractors' testimony about the treatment he received
there, scrubbed of any reference to where it occurred. So
the procedures that worked before -- to protect the classified
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

while disclosing the unclassified -- can work again. And this
case can go forward on that basis.
The Court offers no satisfactory explanation for rejecting
that approach. It says that segregation cannot succeed be-
cause of "the specific language of Zubaydah's discovery re-
quests" -- twelve of which "contain the word 'Poland' or
'Polish.' " Ante, at 9; see ante, at 16 -- 17. That is fair enough,
so far as it goes: Responses to the requests as currently
written would, as the Court says, "either confirm or deny"
that Poland hosted a CIA-operated detention site. Ante, at
9. But a problem of phrasing can be solved by rephrasing.
Zubaydah has long made clear -- not just in this Court but
also below -- that he would modify his requests if that would
make a difference. See, e.g., Tr. of Oral Arg. 41 -- 44, 49 -- 50;
App. to Pet. for Cert. 42a. All that now needs to happen is
for this Court to say that it would. Then Zubaydah would
excise any country name from his discovery requests; and
the contractors would answer those requests as they previ-
ously have done -- by describing his treatment at a deten-
tion site, without divulging where that site was. Even the
Court admits that possibility, though in a backhanded way.
The Court says it "do[es] not here decide whether"
Zubaydah could obtain location-cleansed testimony by fil-
ing a new suit containing narrowed discovery requests.
Ante, at 17. But the question of segregation can be decided
now, and in this suit, rather than by sending Zubaydah
back to square one. See also post, at 29 -- 30 (GORSUCH, J.,
dissenting). I would allow Zubaydah to amend his requests
to remove all Poland-specific references, so that he can ob-
tain testimony about his detention -- in whatever country it
took place.
In short, the holding that national-security risks attach
to confirming the location of Zubaydah's detention -- with
which I agree -- should not end this case. A court can segre-
gate that classified information from unclassified material
about the nature of Zubaydah's detention. I would remand
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

the case for that to occur, thus protecting not only the
United States's security interests but also Zubaydah's in-
terest in forcing disclosure of government abuse.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR
joins, dissenting.
There comes a point where we should not be ignorant as
judges of what we know to be true as citizens. See Watts v.
Indiana, (1949). This case takes us well
past that point. Zubaydah seeks information about his tor-
ture at the hands of the CIA. The events in question took
place two decades ago. They have long been declassified.
Official reports have been published, books written, and
movies made about them. Still, the government seeks to
have this suit dismissed on the ground it implicates a state
secret -- and today the Court acquiesces in that request.
Ending this suit may shield the government from some fur-
ther modest measure of embarrassment. But respectfully,
we should not pretend it will safeguard any secret.
I
A
Start with what the government itself has said about
Zubaydah. In 2014, a Select Committee of the United
States Senate published a 683-page report about the CIA's
detention and interrogation practices. The report did not
focus on Zubaydah alone, but it included certain details
about his treatment, including the following. After his cap-
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

ture in Pakistan in March 2002, the government trans-
ported him to a "black site" known as Detention Site Green.
See S. Rep. No. 113 -- 288, pp. 21 -- 23 (2014) (Senate Report). 1
At that time, CIA officials thought Zubaydah might have
been the "third or fourth man" in al Qaeda and withholding
information about the September 11 attacks and potential
future assaults. Id., at 410 -- 411.
In an effort to extract that information, the CIA hired two
contractors, James Mitchell and John Jessen, and author-
ized them to employ what it called "enhanced interrogation
techniques." Brief for United States 3. Mitchell and Jessen
worked "on a near 24-hour-per-day basis" starting August
4, 2002. Senate Report 40; see also id., at 35, 42. 2 They
waterboarded Zubaydah at least 80 times, simulated live
burials in coffins for hundreds of hours, and performed rec-
tal exams designed to establish "total control over the de-
tainee." Id., at 42 -- 43, 82, 231, n. 1316, 488, 495. Six days into his ordeal,
Zubaydah was sobbing, twitching, and hyperventilating.
Id., at 41, 43, 111 -- 112. During one waterboarding session,
Zubaydah became "completely unresponsive, with bubbles
rising through his open, full mouth." Id., at 43 -- 44. He became so compliant that he
would prepare for waterboarding at the snap of a finger.
Id., at 43.
By this point, Mitchell and Jessen concluded that it was
" 'highly unlikely' that Zubaydah possessed the information
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Although the government has not confirmed it, published reports

have placed Detention Site Green in Thailand. See, e.g., S. Bengali & C.
Megerian, The CIA Closed Its Original 'Black Site' Years Ago, L. A.
Times, Apr. 22, 2018, https://www.latimes.com/world/asia/la-fg-thailand-
cia-haspel-2018-htmlstory.html.
2 In the Senate Report, Mitchell and Jessen are code-named Swigert

and Dunbar. See, e.g., Senate Report 21. Mitchell and Jessen later ad-
mitted their roles in the CIA's enhanced interrogation program. See Hu-
sayn v. Mitchell, 938 F. 3d 1123, 1127, (CA9 2019).
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

they were seeking," and they sought to end the interroga-
tions. Id., at 42. It seems their assessment may have been
correct. Although Zubaydah's relationship with al Qaeda
remains the subject of debate today, the authors of the Sen-
ate Report found that the CIA's records "do not support" the
suggestion that he was involved in the September 11 at-
tacks. Id., at 410. At the time, however, CIA headquarters
was not yet persuaded by Mitchell's and Jessen's report. It
instructed the pair to continue their work. Id., at 43. Fol-
lowing these directions, Mitchell and Jessen carried on for
two more weeks until their superiors finally concluded that
Zubaydah "did not possess any new terrorist threat infor-
mation." Id., at 40, 45.
In December 2002, the government moved Zubaydah to
another black site, this one known as Detention Site Blue.
Id., at 67. After a stay there and, it seems, years of further
transfers among other black sites, Zubaydah was trans-
ferred to the government's detention center in Guantánamo
Bay in 2006. Brief for United States 2. More than 15 years
later, he remains there still. Ibid.
B
The Senate Report is only the start of what we know. As
far back as 2007, the Council of Europe issued a lengthy
report finding that the CIA held Zubaydah at a black site
in Poland after his capture. 3 In 2012, Aleksander Kwas-
niewski, the President of Poland from 1995 to 2005, told re-
porters that the CIA site was established "with [his]
knowledge." 4 In 2014, the European Court of Human
Rights found "beyond reasonable doubt" that Zubaydah was

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 See D. Marty, Secret Detentions and Illegal Transfers of Detainees

Involving Council of Europe Member States: Second Report, Council of
Europe Parliamentary Assembly Committee on Legal Affairs and Hu-
man Rights ¶¶ 70, 127 (2007).
4 Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v. Poland, no. 7511/13, ¶234, ECHR 2014.
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

detained in Poland from December 2002 until September
2003. 5 In support of its conclusion, the ECHR cited evi-
dence spanning over 100 pages, including declassified flight
records, Polish governmental records, and eyewitness testi-
mony. Many other public sources have likewise docu-
mented that Zubaydah was transported from Detention
Site Green to Detention Site Blue in Poland in December
2002 -- and that he remained there until September 2003. 6
We know even more from Mitchell and Jessen them-
selves. The pair have spoken and written extensively -- 
without governmental objection -- about their activities. In
2016, the CIA permitted Mitchell to publish a book. En-
hanced Interrogation is available on Amazon from $13.99,
where it is touted as "lift[ing] the curtain" on the CIA's in-
terrogation program, including "its methods, and its down-
fall." 7 In 2017, as part of a lawsuit brought by other former
CIA detainees, the government allowed Mitchell and Jessen
to testify how they conceived the idea of waterboarding de-
tainees, how they asked the CIA to discontinue the use of
enhanced interrogation techniques with Zubaydah, and
how headquarters refused. See Stipulation Regarding Dis-
covery in Salim v. Mitchell, No. 2:15 -- cv -- 286 (ED Wash.
2015), ECF Doc. 47; Brief for Respondents 7 -- 8. In 2020, the
pair testified with governmental permission once more, this
time in military commission hearings at Guantánamo Bay.
Over eight days, covering 2,000 pages of testimony, Mitch-
ell explained how Zubaydah was waterboarded and kept
awake for 126 consecutive hours, along with other details

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See id., ¶¶ 404 -- 529.
6 See, e.g., Brief for Bureau of Investigative Journalism et al. as Amici

Curiae 11 -- 43.
7 See J. Mitchell & B. Harlow, Enhanced Interrogation: Inside the

Minds and Motives of the Islamic Terrorists Trying To Destroy America
(online source archived at www.supremecourt.gov).
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

about the CIA's techniques. 8 Jessen provided similar testi-
mony. 9 In 2021, Mitchell even appeared in an HBO docu-
mentary about his activities and treatment of Zubaydah.
See The Forever Prisoner (2021).
C
Still, Zubaydah's story remains incomplete. While we
know that the CIA held Zubaydah at Detention Site Blue
from December 2002 until September 2003, and while we
know that the site was in Poland, what happened to him
there remains unclear. The Senate Report explains that he
was tortured immediately before that period, during his
time at Detention Site Green. Senate Report 208, n. 1207.
The Senate Report also recounts how Mitchell and Jessen
tortured other detainees at Detention Site Blue, including
details about how they waterboarded one detainee 183
times over two weeks. Id., at 65 -- 72, 77 -- 93, 101, 103, 268.
But, Zubaydah's lawyers tell us, the details of Zubaydah's
treatment during this singular period are not yet publicly
documented.
Today, Polish prosecutors are seeking to unravel that
part of the story and determine whether criminal charges
are appropriate in that country. Pursuant to 28 U. S. C., Zubaydah's attorneys filed this domestic lawsuit to
obtain discovery from Mitchell and Jessen to assist the
Polish investigation. Section 1782 allows suits of just this
kind: It provides that federal courts may order persons in
this country to give testimony or produce documents "for
use in a proceeding in a foreign or international tribunal,
including criminal investigations conducted before formal
accusation."

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 See Tr. in United States v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, pp. 30348 -- 

30349 (Jan. 21, 2020); id., at 30441 -- 30443, 30469 (Jan. 22, 2020 (morn-
ing)).
9 See, e.g., id., at 32450 -- 32467 (Jan. 31, 2020).
6 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Early in the litigation, Zubaydah's lawyers issued sub-
poenas to Mitchell and Jessen seeking their depositions and
the production of documents. See Appendix, ante, at 19 -- 20.
Essentially, the requests fell into three main categories.
Zubaydah's lawyers sought: (1) information to confirm that
Detention Site Blue was located in Poland; (2) details about
Zubaydah's interrogation, his treatment, and his conditions
of confinement; and (3) information about the involvement
of Polish officials.
The government filed a motion seeking to have the peti-
tion for discovery dismissed in its entirety. In support, the
government supplied a declaration from then-CIA Director
Mike Pompeo. The declaration conceded that "the en-
hanced interrogation techniques employed with respect to
specific detainees in the program, and their conditions of
confinement, are no longer classified." App. to Pet. for Cert.
143a; id., at 153a. At the same time, the declaration as-
serted that the location of Detention Site Blue remained a
state secret. And the declaration averred that soliciting in-
formation about the involvement of Polish nationals could
complicate national security. Ibid.
In response, Zubaydah's lawyers sought an accommoda-
tion. While they continued to pursue all of their requested
discovery, they also acknowledged the District Court's
power to modify or limit their discovery requests. Id., at
42a. And they stressed that "[v]aluable discovery may pro-
ceed without requiring [Mitchell and Jessen] to confirm ei-
ther the location of any particular site, or the cooperation of
any particular government." Ibid.. Zubaydah's lawyers noted, too, that the
government had previously allowed Mitchell and Jessen to
testify about their activities at other detention sites using
code names, and they offered to follow the same protocol
here. Ibid.
In the end, however, the District Court granted the gov-
ernment's motion to dismiss. In doing so, the court rejected
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the government's suggestion that its detention site in Po-
land remained a state secret. The court concluded the state
secrets privilege did not apply because of how much atten-
tion the site had received over the years and the govern-
ment's failure to explain how acknowledging the site would
cause further harm. Id., at 52a -- 53a, 59a. Still, the court
expressed concern that if Mitchell and Jessen exposed the
names of Polish officials and their roles at the site, it could
complicate national security in light of the government's
declaration. Id., at 59a.
On appeal, the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and re-
versed in part. With respect to the third category of infor-
mation Zubaydah sought, concerning the involvement of
Polish nationals, the Court of Appeals agreed with the Dis-
trict Court and the government. Discovery into "the identi-
ties and roles of foreign individuals involved with the de-
tention facility, operational details about the facility, and
any contracts made with Polish government officials or pri-
vate persons residing in Poland might implicate the CIA's
intelligence gathering efforts." Husayn v. Mitchell, 938
F. 3d 1123, 1134 (CA9 2019).
At the same time, the Ninth Circuit held that the District
Court erred by refusing discovery into the first and second
categories of information Zubaydah sought. With respect
to the first, the Court of Appeals pointed to the District
Court's finding that the CIA's detention facility in Poland
was widely known and did not qualify as a state secret.
Ibid. Given that finding, the Court of Appeals concluded,
Zubaydah was entitled to discovery about the site's location.
Ibid. With respect to the second category, the Court of Ap-
peals held that "information about the use of interrogation
techniques," "conditions of confinement," and the "details of
Abu Zubaydah's treatment" could be provided without risk
to any state secret. Ibid. The court stressed that Mitchell
and Jessen had already provided similar information about
Zubaydah's treatment at other locations in past cases using
8 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

code names; it saw no reason why the same course could not
be followed here. Id., at 1137. The Court of Appeals faulted
the District Court for failing to disaggregate or limit the
scope of Zubaydah's requests before dismissing them all.
Id., at 1136 -- 1137.
D
Dissatisfied with its partial victory before the Ninth Cir-
cuit, the government seeks further relief in this Court. But
as it comes to us, the parties' dispute is limited. Zubaydah
does not appeal the Ninth Circuit's decision. So while the
majority (repeatedly) emphasizes the breadth of his initial
discovery requests, ante, at 5, 9, that is beside the point. No
one argues that Zubaydah may pursue the third category of
information he initially sought -- including the identities
and roles of foreign individuals involved with the detention
facility.
Even when it comes to the two remaining categories of
information at issue -- the location of the government's de-
tention site and the CIA's treatment of Zubaydah there -- 
the parties' dispute has narrowed substantially. The Dis-
trict Court found that the site's location did not implicate a
state secret, and the Court of Appeals agreed. The govern-
ment asserts this decision was mistaken, while Zubaydah's
lawyers defend it. But, as they have throughout the litiga-
tion, Zubaydah's lawyers also offer an alternative. Before
the District Court, they stressed that "[v]aluable discovery"
could proceed into Zubaydah's interrogations, treatment,
and conditions of confinement without requiring Mitchell
and Jessen to confirm "the location of any particular site or
the cooperation" of foreign nationals. App. to Pet. for Cert.
42a. Before this Court,
they stress the same point. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41.
As it arrives before us, then, the central question in this
case concerns the request for information about "what hap-
pened inside Abu Zubaydah's cell between December 2002
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

and September 2003." Ibid. It is this information -- about
Zubaydah's interrogation, treatment, and conditions of con-
finement at the hands of the CIA -- that Zubaydah's lawyers
say they need most. Nor does anyone suggest this request
implicates a state secret. The government does not (and
cannot) claim that its custody of Zubaydah at a black site
remains a state secret: That much was declassified and
documented in the Senate Report years ago. See, e.g., Sen-
ate Report 67. The government has conceded, too, that the
interrogation techniques Mitchell and Jessen employed and
Zubaydah's conditions of confinement and treatment within
his cell during that period are "no longer classified." App.
to Pet. for Cert. 143a; id., at 153a. At a minimum,
Zubaydah's lawyers argue, all this means he should be al-
lowed discovery from Mitchell and Jessen about his inter-
rogations, treatment, and conditions of confinement from
December 2002 until September 2003, with safeguards to
protect against the disclosure of the site's location and the
involvement of foreign nationals.
This request is not a novel one. As Zubaydah's attorneys
observe, the Senate Report discussed the treatment of de-
tainees at various sites during specific time periods while
referring to those locations by code name -- Green, Cobalt,
Blue. See, e.g., Senate Report 99 -- 108 (referencing torture
of various detainees at Detention Site Cobalt). In extensive
civil litigation preceding this suit, Mitchell and Jessen tes-
tified using the same practice -- speaking about the treat-
ment of detainees during specific periods while using code
names where appropriate. Stipulation Regarding Discov-
ery in Salim v. Mitchell, No. 2:15 -- cv -- 286. The military
commissions where the government allowed Mitchell and
Jessen to appear employed the same procedure too. See,
e.g., Tr. in United States v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad,
p. 31371, pt. 4 (Jan. 27, 2020).
Despite all this, the government asks us to dismiss this
lawsuit. What worked before, the government submits,
10 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

cannot work again. Unlike previous lawsuits, this one
alone must be dismissed at its outset. And, the government
insists, this Court owes "utmost deference" to its demand.
Brief for United States 19 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted).
II
A
I do not question that Article II grants the Executive sub-
stantial authority over the conduct of the Nation's foreign
affairs. Cf. Nestle USA, Inc. v. Doe, 593 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___
(2021) (GORSUCH, J., concurring) ( -- 6). Nor do
I doubt that the Executive's responsibility in this field often
"poses 'delicate' and 'complex' questions involving 'large el-
ements of prophecy... for which the Judiciary has neither
aptitude, facilities nor responsibility.' " Id., at ___ (Jackson, J.)).
At the same time, in this arena as in many others, the
Constitution sometimes envisions a degree of interdepend-
ence between the branches of our government. So, for ex-
ample, while the Executive bears many responsibilities
over foreign affairs, Congress alone possesses the power to
raise armies, maintain a navy, declare war, and fund for-
eign expeditions. Art. I,. Also, Congress enjoys substan-
tial power when it comes to regulating the jurisdiction of
the federal courts -- a power it has employed from time to
time to authorize judges to entertain cases and controver-
sies implicating foreign affairs. See, e.g., Judiciary Act of
1789, 1 Stat. 77; Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-
thorization Act of 2003, (4)(A), 117 Stat. 2878.
Our case is such a case. In, Congress has expressly
authorized federal courts to order discovery from domestic
persons in aid of foreign proceedings like the ongoing Polish
prosecution. No one suggests that, on its face and in all its
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

applications, intrudes on powers vested in the Exec-
utive alone. Normally, too, when Congress endows the Ju-
diciary with the statutory authority to decide a case, we
have a "virtually unflagging" obligation to do just that. Col-
orado River Water Conservation Dist. v. United States, (1976). In deciding cases lawfully put to us,
courts generally must respect as well the ancient rule that
the public enjoys a right to "every man's evidence." 4 J.
Wigmore, Evidence in Trials at Common Law,
p. 2965 (1905). In this country, no one stands above the
law; not even the President may deflect evidentiary inquir-
ies just because they may prove inconvenient or embarrass-
ing. See Trump v. Vance, 591 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2020) ( -- 15); Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (Jackson, J., concurring) ("No penance
would ever expiate the sin against free government of hold-
ing that a President can escape control of executive powers
by law through assuming his military role").
None of this is to suggest that the state secrets privilege
is inconsistent with our separation of powers. Even a stat-
ute that constitutionally allows federal courts to pass on
matters touching on foreign affairs in most cases may, in
some applications, trench on powers the Constitution re-
serves for the Executive. It is simply that the privilege is
no blunderbuss and courts may not flee from the field at its
mere display. Instead, when the Executive seeks to with-
hold every man's evidence from a judicial proceeding
thanks to the powers it enjoys under Article II, that claim
must be carefully assessed against the competing powers
Articles I and III have vested in Congress and the Judici-
ary. The original design of the Constitution and "our his-
toric commitment to the rule of law" demand no less.
United States v. Nixon, (1974). 10

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 The majority invokes Department of Navy v. Egan for the proposition
12 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

B
The Constitution's insistence on this point is clear from
our history. Today, the Executive demands "utmost defer-
ence" to its judgment that Zubaydah's suit should be dis-
missed. Brief for United States 19. But over 200 years ago, an attorney for the
United States acting on behalf of President Jefferson pur-
sued a similar line, insisting on the President's right to
withhold evidence that "might contain state secrets" from
the trial of Aaron Burr. United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas.
30, 31 (No. 14,692d) (CC Va. 1807). And Chief Justice Mar-
shall expressly refused to afford that kind of latitude.
To be sure, under English law the King could "do no
wrong," he could not "be named in debate," and he enjoyed
largely unfettered discretion to withhold evidence from le-
gal proceedings. See id., at 34. But, Chief Justice Marshall
explained, such rules have no place in our Republic given
that "many points of difference... exist between the first
magistrate in England and the first magistrate of the
United States." Ibid. Instead, if the President wishes to
withhold evidence from a lawfully authorized judicial pro-
ceeding he must at least "state the particular reasons" for
his action. United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas. 187, 192
(No. 14,694) (CC Va. 1807). And while the Judiciary should
pay "all proper respect" to those reasons, as an independent
branch of government it must decide for itself whether to
sustain a claim of privilege in its proceedings, bearing in
mind that it is a "very serious thing" to allow any party to
withhold relevant evidence. Ibid.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
that we should be " 'reluctan[t] to intrude upon the authority of the Ex-
ecutive in military and national security affairs.' " Ante, at 8 ). But the majority omits an important caveat
found in the same sentence it quotes: "unless Congress specifically has
provided otherwise." Egan, 484 U. S., at 530. Because Congress has ex-
pressly authorized the Judiciary to entertain this suit, it follows that we
may not reflexively defer to the Executive's wish to see it dismissed.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Had Chief Justice Marshall envisioned a rule of "utmost
deference" to executive claims of privilege replicating some-
thing like the privilege the English crown enjoyed, it would
have been the simplest thing for him to say so. Instead, the
"clear implication" of his opinions in Burr is that "the Pres-
ident's special interests may warrant a careful judicial
screening of subpoenas after the President interposes an
objection, but that some subpoenas will nevertheless be
properly sustained by judicial orders of compliance." Nixon
v. Sirica, 487 F. 2d 700, 710 (CADC 1973). And "the ulti-
mate decision" on such matters "remain[s]" with a court of
law. Ibid.; see also Vance, 591 U. S., at ___. 11
Almost 150 years after Burr, the Court reaffirmed this
same understanding in United States v. Reynolds, (1953). There, executive officials once more sought some-
thing like "utmost deference" to their claim that evidence
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 JUSTICE THOMAS observes that President Jefferson did not seek to

withhold evidence on state secrets grounds. Ante, at 12. That much is
true. A government attorney invoked the privilege on the President's
behalf, relying on a "communication from the president." See Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 191. And Chief Justice Marshall -- perhaps wary of ascribing
the attorney's arguments to the President -- expressed some concern on
this score. See id., at 192. But as this Court has recounted, President
Jefferson was anything but ignorant of the proceedings and had raised
privilege concerns in a letter to the attorney. See Vance, 591 U. S., at
___ -- ___ ( -- 7). Nor, in any event, is it clear what difference
this makes: As JUSTICE THOMAS acknowledges, the Chief Justice dis-
cussed how the state secrets privilege would operate if and when the
President chose to submit "particular reasons" for withholding evidence.
Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 192; see ante, at 12. JUSTICE THOMAS stresses that,
in the course of this discussion, Chief Justice Marshall acknowledged
that the President "may" rather than "must" state his particular reasons
for seeking to withhold evidence. Ante, at 13. But Chief Justice Marshall
nowhere suggested that the state secrets privilege should apply in this
country without such a statement. See Vance, 591 U. S., at ___. Nor did he guarantee that producing such a statement would au-
tomatically spell the end of the judicial inquiry, as JUSTICE THOMAS
seems to suppose. See Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 192; Vance, 591 U. S., at ___.
14 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

should be suppressed from judicial proceedings in the name
of national security. Id., at 6. And once more the Court
refused to indulge that view. In England, Kings may have
enjoyed the kind of latitude the government sought. Id., at
7.
But under our Constitution, Reynolds emphasized, the Ex-
ecutive may not judge its own case: "Judicial control over
the evidence in a case cannot be abdicated to the caprice of
executive officers." 345 U. S., at 9 -- 10.
In this particular, our Nation broke from English prac-
tice. The Declaration of Independence did not endorse
crown prerogatives but described many as evils. The Con-
stitution did not create a President in the King's image but
envisioned an executive regularly checked and balanced by
other authorities. Our Founders knew from hard experi-
ence the "intolerable abuses" that flow from unchecked ex-
ecutive power. Id., at 8; see also Youngstown, 343 U. S., at
641 (Jackson, J., concurring).
Nor is their experience an alien one. More recent history
reveals that executive officials can sometimes be tempted
to misuse claims of national security to shroud major
abuses and even ordinary negligence from public view. In
Korematsu v. United States, the President persuaded this
Court to permit the forced internment of Japanese-
American citizens during World War II. 
(1944). The President did so in part by relying on a military
report that insisted immediate action was imperative to na-
tional security. Id., at 235 -- 236 (Murphy, J., dissenting).
The report, however, contained information executive offi-
cials knew to be false at the time. Yet it took decades before
the government publicly acknowledged its misrepresenta-
tion to this Court. See Dept. of Justice, Archives, N. Katyal,
Confessions of Error: The Solicitor General's Mistakes Dur-
ing the Japanese-American Internment Cases (May 20,
2011). And still more years passed before this Court for-
mally repudiated its decision. See Trump v. Hawaii, 585
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

U. S. ___, ___ (2018).
In Reynolds, a similar story unfolded. There, families of
civilians killed in the crash of an Air Force plane sued the
government for negligence and sought its official accident
report. The government invoked the state secrets privilege
and filed a declaration asking courts to shield the document
from disclosure. In response, this Court refused to afford
the government utmost deference but ultimately allowed it
to withhold the report. The Court did so without even paus-
ing to review the report independently in chambers or ask-
ing a lower court to take up that task. See Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 10 -- 11. Decades later, when the government re-
leased the report, it turned out to contain no state secrets -- 
only convincing proof of governmental negligence. See J.
Weinstein, The Role of Judges in a Government of, by, and
for the People: Notes for the Fifty-Eighth Cardozo Lecture,
30 Cardozo L. Rev. 1, 92 (2008). So it seems that, in the
very case where this Court stressed the importance of care-
fully examining claims of privilege, families were denied ac-
cess to proof to which they were lawfully entitled only be-
cause this Court accepted the Executive's declaration at
face value.
More recent history bears its cautions too. The govern-
ment invoked the state secrets privilege only 16 times be-
tween 1961 and 1980. See Brief for Public Citizen as Ami-
cus Curiae 9. Yet it has done so at least 49 times between
2001 and 2021. See id., at 9 -- 10. What is more, the propri-
ety of several of these assertions has been called into ques-
tion. Id., at 10 -- 17 (collecting examples); see also id., at 21 -- 
24 (documenting alleged improper governmental withhold-
ing of information in FOIA cases); W. Weaver & R. Pallitto,
State Secrets and Executive Power, 120 Pol. Sci. Q. 85, 101,
107 -- 112 (2005) (Weaver & Pallitto).
For decades, public servants ranging from Erwin Gris-
wold to Donald Rumsfeld and Porter Goss have complained
about overclassification by the Executive Branch. See, e.g.,
16 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Brief for Public Citizen as Amicus Curiae 17 -- 19. Officials
who have served in the Executive Branch have estimated
that between 50% and 90% of classified material does not
merit that treatment. Id., at 19 -- 20. In 1996, the federal
government made about 5.8 million classification decisions;
by 2017, that number reached approximately 49 million.
Compare Nat. Archives and Records Admin., Information
Security Oversight Office, 2010 Report to the President 12,
with Nat. Archives and Records Admin., Information Secu-
rity Oversight Office, 2017 Report to the President 1 -- 2. It
seems the government once even classified a memo from
one member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to another discuss-
ing how too many documents were being classified. Weaver
& Pallitto 87.
It may be understandable that those most responsible for
the Nation's security will seek to press every tool available
to them to maximum advantage. There has always been
something of a "hydraulic pressure inherent within each of
the separate Branches" to test "the outer limits of its
power." INS v. Chadha, (1983). It may
be nothing less than human nature. But when classifica-
tion standards are "so broadly drawn and loosely adminis-
tered," temptation enough exists for executive officials to
"cover up their own mistakes and even their wrongdoing
under the guise of protecting national security." K. Mayer,
With the Stroke of a Pen: Executive Orders and Presiden-
tial Power 145 (2001).
This Court hardly needs to add fuel to that fire by abdicat-
ing any pretense of an independent judicial inquiry into the
propriety of a claim of privilege and extending instead "ut-
most deference" to the Executive's mere assertion of one.
Walking that path would only invite more claims of secrecy
in more doubtful circumstances -- and facilitate the loss of
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 17

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

liberty and due process history shows very often follows.12
C
Accepting that independent judgment is required of us in
cases like this one, how exactly should we proceed? If the
government's "utmost deference" test is not appropriate,
what rules are? Our precedents offer a number of lessons.
First, Reynolds held that, when the Executive seeks to
withhold evidence from a congressionally authorized judi-
cial proceeding, it must show a "reasonable danger" of harm
to national security would follow otherwise. 345 U. S.,
at 10. To be sure, most parties who seek to invoke an evi-
dentiary privilege bear the burden of showing their entitle-
ment to do so by a preponderance of proof. See, e.g., 1 C.
Mueller & T. Kirkpatrick, Federal Evidence :32, pp. 213 -- 
214 (4th ed. Supp. 2021). And here the government's bur-
den is a good deal more forgiving. But I can also see why.
The line Reynolds drew seeks to accommodate the separa-
tion of powers: It ensures that a congressional mandate to
entertain a case or controversy will not be automatically
frustrated. It guarantees a degree of independent judicial

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 In defending the government's proposed "utmost deference" stand-

ard, JUSTICE THOMAS stresses that the duty to produce every man's evi-
dence "is not insisted upon" when a privilege applies. Ante, at 11 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). He also highlights that does not
compel individuals to provide evidence when doing so would "violat[e]" a
"legally applicable privilege." Ibid..
But neither of these truisms answers the question when the state secrets
privilege applies -- let alone proves that a court should afford "utmost def-
erence" to the mere assertion of a privilege. The truth is, privileges
against the production of evidence apply "only where necessary to
achieve [their] purpose" given that they have the "effect of withholding
relevant evidence from the fact-finder." Fisher v. United States, (1976). And it is a "fundamental maxim" that "any exemptions
which may exist to [the general rule favoring disclosure] are distinctly
exceptional," and therefore "all privileges of exemption... should be rec-
ognized only within the narrowest limits defined by principle." J. Wig-
more, Evidence, pp. 64, 67 (3d ed. 1940).
18 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

review. Yet it also seeks to respect the Executive's specially
assigned constitutional responsibilities in the field of for-
eign affairs and the delicate and complex predictive judg-
ments the Executive often must make there.
Second, when assessing a state secrets claim courts
may -- and often should -- review the evidence supporting
the government's claim of privilege in camera. Reynolds
said that "[w]hen" the government can show a reasonable
danger of harm exists by means of a declaration, a "court
should not... insis[t] upon an examination of the evidence,
even by the judge alone, in chambers." 345 U. S., at 8, 10.
But at the same time, the Court also stressed that, before
excluding evidence, a judge "must be satisfied" that a rea-
sonable danger of harm would flow from its production -- 
and that this is a responsibility no court may "abdicat[e]."
Id., at 9 -- 10. From this, it follows that in cases of doubt
more careful scrutiny is required before a court may uphold
a claim of privilege.
It is at this point, too, where the magnitude of a party's
need for the requested evidence may become relevant.
Reynolds explained that the extent of a party's need for the
government's evidence can inform "how far the court should
probe in satisfying itself that the occasion for invoking the
privilege is appropriate." Id., at 11. But Reynolds did not
create a threshold inquiry requiring a litigant to demon-
strate its need for relevant evidence before the government
must show a reasonable danger of harm would flow from its
production. Today's majority recognizes this point, explain-
ing that "only after satisfying itself that the Government
has offered a valid reason for invoking the privilege would
a court turn to the issue of necessity." Ante, at 12.
Here again, I see a balance consistent with the Constitu-
tion's design. A court persuaded that the government has
met its burden by declaration may find the privilege
properly invoked. But a court harboring questions must
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 19

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

probe further and examine the bases for the government's
assertions in camera. Nor may a court allow the govern-
ment to deny access to every man's evidence unless and un-
til it establishes its lawful entitlement to do so. This Court
has endorsed a similar procedure for resolving claims of ex-
ecutive privilege in other contexts. See, e.g., Nixon, 418
U. S., at 713 -- 715, and. Congress has authorized par-
allel procedures in several statutes implicating national se-
curity information. See, e.g., Foreign Intelligence Surveil-
lance Act of 1978, 92 Stat. 1785, as amended, 50 U. S. C.
; Classified Information Procedures Act, 18 U. S. C.
App., p. 414. And courts routinely test claims of entitle-
ment to other ancient and venerable privileges in just this
way. See, e.g., United States v. Zolin, 
(1989) (holding that in camera review may be used to probe
crime-fraud challenges to attorney-client privilege); see also, supra (observing that privileges generally "should be
recognized only within the narrowest limits defined by [the]
principle[s]" animating them ).
Third, the state secrets privilege protects the government
from the duty to supply certain evidence, but it does not
prevent a litigant from insisting that the government pro-
duce nonprivileged evidence in its possession. Nor does the
privilege preclude a litigant from pursuing its case other-
wise. As our cases explain, the trial simply "goes on" with-
out the government's privileged proof. General Dynamics
Corp. v. United States, (2011); see also
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. In this way, the state secrets
privilege again operates like many others -- whether self-
incrimination, attorney-client, or spousal -- by suspending a
party's duty to provide privileged evidence but never pro-
hibiting an opponent from seeking nonprivileged evidence
or proving its case using facts obtainable through other
means. See, e.g., Schmerber v. California, UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

761 (1966). In this way, too, it seems to me that the privi-
lege seeks to respect the separation of powers. The Execu-
tive may have a national security interest in keeping cer-
tain evidence to itself. It may have an interest in avoiding
the necessity of having to confirm or deny a fact. But that
executive interest does not extend to quashing suits that
Congress has authorized the Judiciary to entertain -- and
that the Judiciary has a "virtually unflagging" duty to re-
solve. Colorado River Water Conservation Dist., 424 U. S.,
at 817.
Admittedly, this Court has held that some contract dis-
putes between spies and the government may be dismissed
at their outset. See Totten v. United States, (1876); Tenet v. Doe, (2005). But the
Court has done so only on the ground and to the extent that
allowing these cases to proceed would " 'inevitably lead to
the disclosure of ' state secrets." General Dynamics, 563
U. S., at 486. In rare cases
like these, it may simply be impossible to adjudicate a claim
without privileged evidence from the government. Still,
none of that displaces the general rule that the privilege
protects only against the production of certain evidence -- 
not the inconvenience of lawsuits. If a way exists for a court
to discharge its statutory duty to entertain a case without
the government's privileged proof, that way must be found.
Dismissal may be an easy out, but it is only rarely the cor-
rect one. Even English courts applying the old crown priv-
ilege sometimes afforded litigants the chance to prove their
cases independently without the benefit of privileged proof.
See, e.g., H. M. S. Bellerophon, 44 LJR 5, 5 -- 9 (Admlty.
1875).
Fourth, after the government properly invokes the privi-
lege, a court may still be able to explore options to make the
government's evidence available to litigants in some form
as long as it fully respects the government's national secu-
rity interests. Lower courts have a long history here. They
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 21

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

have used protective orders and other security procedures
to allow sensitive governmental information to be shared -- 
options Congress has borrowed and endorsed for use in
cases arising under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act of 1978 and the Classified Information Procedures Act.
50 U. S. C. ; 18 U. S. C. App. -- 4, p. 414. Lower
courts have appointed special masters with security clear-
ances to provide unclassified summaries to litigants who
lack such clearances. See, e.g., In re United States Dept. of
Defense, 848 F. 2d 232, 234 (CADC 1988). Judges have
worked with executive officials to craft nonprivileged sub-
stitute versions of particular pieces of evidence. Cf. In re
Sealed Case, 494 F. 3d 139, 153 (CADC 2007); see also 18
U. S. C. App. (1), p. 415. Suppressing evidence from a
congressionally authorized judicial proceeding may not be
an appropriate remedy if valid executive interests can be
fully protected by less intrusive means.
III
The majority does not dispute that the principles set out
in Part II should guide the resolution of any state secrets
dispute. See ante, at 8 -- 9. Instead, the majority insists that
the only disagreement between us concerns "how th[e]se
principles should apply to the specific discovery requests
Zubaydah has made in this litigation." Ibid. Recall that
the Ninth Circuit permitted discovery on just two things:
(1) the location of the CIA's detention site, and (2) details
about Zubaydah's interrogation by the CIA, his treatment,
and his conditions of confinement.
A
Start with the first of these. The Executive seeks to with-
hold evidence about the location of its detention site from a
congressionally authorized judicial proceeding. To do so, it
bears the burden of showing that a "reasonable danger" of
22 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

harm to national security would follow from sharing the in-
formation sought. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10. How does the
government seek to discharge that burden in this case?
Zubaydah seeks evidence from Mitchell and Jessen. The
pair have long since stopped working for the government.
Still, the government insists, any evidence they supply
would be widely understood as speaking for the Executive
Branch. Brief for United States 26. (That premise I accept
for argument's sake.) And, the government continues, if the
pair were asked to confirm or deny the existence of a black
site in Poland, their answer could complicate efforts to se-
cure assistance from foreign governments for future opera-
tions. Id., at 27 -- 28.
Even on its own terms, however, the government's sub-
mission faces an immediate problem. What was once a se-
cret can, with the passage of time, become old news. See
United States v. Ahmad, 499 F. 2d 851, 855 (CA3 1974).
There may be cases where requiring the government to con-
firm a widely known but not "officially" disclosed fact could
pose a national security risk sufficient to justify withhold-
ing evidence. See ante, at 10 -- 11. Hypothetically, as the
Court explains, demanding the government to admit "the
existence of a CIA site in Country A" could "diminish the
extent to which the intelligence services of Countries A, B,
C, D, etc." might be willing to cooperate "with our own in-
telligence services in the future." Ante, at 11. The difficulty
is, the government has not carried its burden of showing
this case falls into that category.
The record before us is stark. Zubaydah's detention in
Poland took place 20 years ago. The location of the CIA's
detention site has been acknowledged by the former Polish
President, investigated by the Council of Europe, and
proven "beyond reasonable doubt" to the European Court of
Human Rights. See Part I -- B, supra. Doubtless, these dis-
closures may have done damage to national security inter-
ests. But nothing in the record of this case suggests that
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 23

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

requiring the government to acknowledge what the world
already knows to be true would invite a reasonable danger
of additional harm to national security. The government's
only evidence is a declaration couched in conclusory terms,
which the District Court found unpersuasive. See App. to
Pet. for Cert. 45a, 52a -- 53a, 59a. It rests on the same sort
of hypothetical the majority posits today -- making no effort
to grapple with the particulars of this case.
Even the majority seems uncomfortable with the govern-
ment's declaration. The best the majority can say is this:
The location of a CIA detention site in Poland qualifies as a
"state secret" because "we have found nothing in the evi-
dentiary record that casts doubt" on the declaration's con-
clusory assertion that national security harms could follow
from acknowledging its existence. Ante, at 12. But notice
how this effectively reverses the burden of proof. The ma-
jority starts with the government's conclusory assertion -- 
and then proceeds to place on Zubaydah the burden of dis-
proving it. A bare expression of national security concern
becomes reason enough to deny the ancient right to every
man's evidence.
This may be a nice move, but it is unpersuasive. Since
Burr, this Court has held that the Executive must do more
than assert a harm to national security "might" follow from
producing evidence. See Part II -- B, supra. Since Reynolds,
this Court has required a "reasonable," not a speculative,
showing of harm. See Part II -- B, supra. If the government
could withhold evidence and even compel the dismissal of
lawsuits based on nothing more than a conclusory assertion
of national security concerns -- and if the burden fell on pri-
vate persons to disprove those concerns -- it is hard to imag-
ine what case a court could not be forced to close. That kind
of executive prerogative might have once been part of the
law of England; it has never been the law here. See Parts
II -- B and II -- C, supra.
24 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Under our law, a court not fully satisfied by the govern-
ment's showing of harm has a duty to inquire further. See
Part II -- C, supra. In this case, I would have thought that
concerns about the conclusory nature of the government's
declaration would have led the Court at least to remand the
matter to the District Court for in camera review of any ev-
idence the government might wish to present to substanti-
ate its privilege claim. Crediting doubtful representations
has led this Court to embarrassments in the past. See Part
II -- B, supra. I would not risk a repeat.
B
Looking past these problems only serves to expose an-
other and maybe more fundamental one. Assume now with
the government that confirming the existence of a detention
site in Poland really does qualify as a state secret. Put aside
that part of the Ninth Circuit's decision allowing discovery
to proceed on that question. What about the Court of Ap-
peals' separate holding that Zubaydah is entitled to discov-
ery about his interrogation, treatment, and conditions of
confinement? Recall that Zubaydah's lawyers have long
maintained that, at a minimum, they should be allowed to
ask about those matters within the date range of December
2002 through September 2003 and without reference to ge-
ography or Polish personnel. See Part I -- C, supra. Recall,
too, that even the government has conceded that "the en-
hanced interrogation techniques employed with respect to
specific detainees in the program, and their conditions of
confinement, are no longer classified." App. to Pet. for Cert.
143a. Normally, a statutorily authorized case must con-
tinue without the government's privileged proof. See Part
II -- C, supra. Why should this case be different and face dis-
missal at its outset?
A plurality of the Court answers with a worry. 13 It fears
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 JUSTICE KAGAN does not join this portion of the principal opinion and

instead appears largely to agree with us in what follows.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 25

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

that "any response to Zubaydah's discovery requests would
inevitably tend to confirm or deny whether the CIA oper-
ated a detention site located in Poland." Ante, at 17. Ap-
parently, the plurality is concerned that, during the course
of their testimony about Zubaydah's treatment, Mitchell
and Jessen might inadvertently disclose the location of their
activities. See ibid. To ward against this possibility, the
plurality insists, dismissal is the only option.
But that has never been enough to justify an invocation
of the state secrets doctrine to shield evidence, let alone the
dismissal of a lawsuit. No one cites any legal authority -- 
even under the old crown privilege in England -- allowing
the Executive to withhold nonprivileged information and
demand a suit's dismissal only because executive agents
might accidentally disclose privileged information along the
way. Surely a party's propensity for error cannot be a point
in its favor.
Nor is that the only thing surprising about the plurality's
argument. Many familiar judicial tools exist to protect par-
ties from their inadvertent disclosures. In prior detainee
civil litigation, the government attended Mitchell's and
Jessen's depositions and instructed them not to answer cer-
tain sensitive questions. See, e.g., Brief for Respondents 7 -- 
8. The District Court could insist on that same procedure
here. As an added precaution, the District Court could con-
duct any depositions in its presence. Alternatively, the
court could enter a protective order preventing the parties
from sharing documents or other information with Polish
authorities or the public until the government has a chance
to review them. Alternatively still, Mitchell and Jessen
could be directed to provide their materials to the District
Court so that the court and the government would have a
chance to review their submissions before they are even
transmitted to Zubaydah's lawyers. It seems the govern-
ment found advance review procedures like these sufficient
26 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

when it allowed Mitchell to publish a book about his in-
volvement in the CIA's interrogation program. It is unclear
why they should be insufficient now. See Part I -- B, supra.
On top of all that, the District Court might require Mitch-
ell and Jessen to use code names or redact privileged infor-
mation when supplying their evidence. The Senate Report
used these tools, speaking of "Detention Site Blue" in lieu
of "Poland" more than 60 times and redacting certain ma-
terials from its public report, all while recounting in detail
how Mitchell and Jessen tortured other detainees at that
site. See Part I -- B, supra. Mitchell and Jessen likewise
used code names to shield foreign country names when they
testified in prior civil litigation and before a military com-
mission at Guantánamo Bay. Indeed, according to an ami-
cus, the government even filed a motion in the military com-
mission proceedings endorsing the practice. See Brief for
Electronic Frontier Foundation as Amicus Curiae 23.
The plurality barely pauses to consider any of these safe-
guards against the government's potential negligence. It
acknowledges these "techniques have successfully pre-
vented the disclosure of classified information in previous
litigation on related subject matter." Ante, at 17. But in a
bare ipse dixit, the plurality asserts these same tools "would
not be effective here." Ibid. In failing to give careful con-
sideration to potential safeguards that would allow this
case to proceed, the plurality defies a central and consistent
teaching of this Court's state secrets jurisprudence -- that
executive claims of privilege in congressionally authorized
proceedings are not to be reflexively accepted, and remedies
short of dismissal must be preferred. See Part II -- C, supra.
The plurality confuses appropriate deference to the Execu-
tive's predictive judgments about foreign affairs with inap-
propriate deference to the Executive's concerns about its
own mishaps, misstatements, and mistakes. In the process,
the plurality abdicates judicial responsibility to use ordi-
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 27

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

nary tools of litigation management in favor of the Execu-
tive's wish to brush this case out the door. We do no honor
to the rule of law in acquiescing to that impulse.
C
Unable to explain how the government would be harmed
by allowing this litigation to continue, the plurality seeks
to flip the script. Now, it contends that "much of [the] in-
formation" Zubaydah seeks "is already publicly available
from other sources," so "further judicial probing of the Gov-
ernment's privilege claim" is unwarranted. Ante, at 16.
This submission faces its own problems. A litigant's ne-
cessity for the evidence he seeks may inform how far a court
must go in testing the government's claim of privilege. But
in all cases the government bears the burden of proving its
entitlement to the privilege. See Part II -- C, supra. And it
has not carried that burden here. The government worries
about confirming the location of its detention site, but it has
not shown how doing so would harm national security in
light of how well documented that fact already is. Worse,
the government has not even shown how this lawsuit would
require it to confirm the location of its detention site. We
do not have in this case a question about how far to probe
the government's privilege claim; we have not probed that
claim at all. We have replaced independent inquiry with a
rubber stamp.
Troubling, too, the plurality's argument rests on facts of
its own surmise. Yes, a great deal of public information ex-
ists about Zubaydah's treatment during other periods. And
maybe the location of his detention site is known to the
world. But Zubaydah's lawyers tell us that the public rec-
ord contains no comparable information about what hap-
pened "inside [his] cell" from December 2002 until Septem-
ber 2003. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41. That, they say, is the
primary reason this lawsuit exists. See Part I -- C, supra.
The government does not seriously dispute the comparative
28 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

lack of public evidence about Zubaydah's treatment during
the relevant period -- and it is unclear why the plurality
pursues the point on the government's behalf. As recently
as 2015, the government rejected a diplomatic request by
Polish prosecutors seeking information about Zubaydah's
treatment. Letter from B. Fletcher, Acting Solicitor Gen-
eral, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court 1, 3 (Oct. 15, 2021) (Gov-
ernment Letter).
Rather than face these problems, the plurality attempts
a way around them. Perhaps Zubaydah does not yet have
the information he needs. But, the plurality replies, we re-
cently received a letter from the government. In it, the gov-
ernment says it will now allow Zubaydah to mail a docu-
ment from Guantánamo Bay to Polish prosecutors detailing
his treatment during the relevant period. So at least in this
way, the plurality reasons, Zubaydah's need for evidence
from Mitchell and Jessen "may" become "diminished" in the
future. Ante, at 16.
It is easy enough to see why the plurality hedges here.
Not only has the government already once refused a request
from Polish authorities asking for information about
Zubaydah's treatment. The government's apparent change
of heart came only after argument in this case, in response
to questions from the bench. And a closer look at the gov-
ernment's offer unmasks its emptiness. No one seems con-
fident that Zubaydah remains mentally competent to tes-
tify about his treatment decades ago. 14 Pointedly, too, the
government states in its letter that it reserves the right to
subject whatever he produces "to a security review" -- all
without indicating what standards it will apply in that "re-
view." Government Letter 3. In the end, then, the govern-
ment's offer seems little more than an offer to let Zubaydah
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 Zubaydah's lawyers represent that they do not know "whether and

to what extent, after years of torture and solitary confinement, he can
still reliably reconstruct this history." Letter from D. Klein, Counsel for
Respondent Abu Zubaydah, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court 2 (Oct. 25, 2021).
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 29

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

say whatever the government chooses to allow him to say.
Then there is this. In response to the government's letter,
Zubaydah's lawyers have lodged their own. In it, as they
have before, they offer a middle way. At the very least,
Zubaydah's lawyers ask this Court to hold off dismissing
this case until we know whether and to what extent the
government will make good on its late-blooming promise.
Letter from D. Klein, Counsel for Respondent Abu
Zubaydah, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court 2 (Oct. 25, 2021). Yet
rather than remand this case to allow the District Court to
supervise that process, the plurality refuses even this pal-
try accommodation. It does so without as much as the cour-
tesy of an explanation.
D
Ultimately, the plurality is forced to give ground. While
it insists that "any" response to Zubaydah's current re-
quests "would inevitably tend to confirm or deny whether
the CIA operated a detention site located in Poland," it goes
out of its way to note that "a different discovery request
filed by Zubaydah might avoid the problems" the plurality
believes exist here. Ante, at 17. In other words, it seems
that Zubaydah remains free to file a new lawsuit seeking
information about his interrogation, treatment, and condi-
tions of confinement as long as he does not ask for location
information where his "need is not great." Id., at 15, 17.
But what is the point of forcing Zubaydah to file a new
lawsuit? Location information is only part of what the
Court of Appeals permitted and Zubaydah seeks. Sepa-
rately, the Court of Appeals allowed Zubaydah's lawyers to
inquire about his interrogation, treatment, and conditions
of confinement. And throughout this litigation, Zubaydah's
lawyers have indicated a willingness to employ any number
of tools to disaggregate that evidence from information that
might reveal the site's location or the involvement of foreign
30 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

nationals. As they put it before the District Court, "[v]alu-
able discovery may proceed without requiring [Mitchell and
Jessen] to confirm either the location of any particular site,
or the cooperation of any particular government." App. to
Pet. for Cert. 42a. As the District Court acknowledged, too,
courts possess substantial authority to "modify or limit the
scope" of any party's discovery requests. Id., at 55a. It is
unfathomable why this Court should ignore that option in
this case and insist on a new one. At worst, the delay may
effectively deny Zubaydah congressionally authorized dis-
covery into admittedly nonprivileged information. At best,
it will prove a pointless formality.
*
In the end, only one argument for dismissing this case at
its outset begins to make sense. It has nothing to do with
speculation that government agents might accidentally
blurt out the word "Poland." It has nothing to do with the
fiction that Zubaydah is free to testify about his experiences
as he wishes. It has nothing to do with fears about courts
being unable to apply familiar tools to disaggregate discov-
ery regarding some issues (location, foreign nationals) from
others (interrogation techniques, treatment, and conditions
of confinement). Really, it seems that the government
wants this suit dismissed because it hopes to impede the
Polish criminal investigation and avoid (or at least delay)
further embarrassment for past misdeeds. Perhaps at one
level this is easy enough to understand. The facts are hard
to face. We know already that our government treated
Zubaydah brutally -- more than 80 waterboarding sessions,
hundreds of hours of live burial, and what it calls "rectal
rehydration." Further evidence along the same lines may
lie in the government's vaults. But as embarrassing as
these facts may be, there is no state secret here. This
Court's duty is to the rule of law and the search for truth.
We should not let shame obscure our vision.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
all but Parts II -- B -- 2 and III, concluding that, in the context of
Zubaydah's discovery application, the Court of Appeals erred in
holding that the state secrets privilege did not apply to information
that could confirm or deny the existence of a CIA detention site in Po-
land. Pp. 7 -- 13, 14 -- 15, 18.
(a) The state secrets privilege permits the Government to prevent
disclosure of information when that disclosure would harm national
security interests. United States v. Reynolds, -- 11. To
assert the privilege, the Government must submit to the court a "for-
mal claim of privilege, lodged by the head of the department which has
control over the matter." Id., at 7 -- 8. "The court itself must determine
whether the circumstances are appropriate for the claim of privilege."
Id., at 8. However, in making that determination, a court should ex-
ercise its traditional "reluctan[ce] to intrude upon the authority of the
Executive in military and national security affairs," Department of
Navy v. Egan,. If the Government has offered a
valid reason for invoking the privilege, "the showing of necessity" by
the party seeking disclosure of the ostensibly privileged information
will "determine how far the court should probe in satisfying itself that
the occasion for invoking the privilege is appropriate." Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 11. The narrow evidentiary dispute before the Court asks how
these principles apply to Zubaydah's specific discovery requests.
Pp. 7 -- 9.
(b) In certain circumstances, the Government may assert the state
secrets privilege to bar the confirmation or denial of information that
has entered the public domain through unofficial sources. Here, the
information held by the Ninth Circuit to be nonprivileged would nec-
essarily tend to confirm (or deny) that the CIA maintained a detention
site in Poland. The Government has shown that such information -- 
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Syllabus

even if already made public through unofficial sources -- could signifi-
cantly harm national security. The CIA Director stated in his declara-
tion that "clandestine" relationships with foreign intelligence services
are "critical" and "based on mutual trust that the classified existence
and nature of the relationship will not be disclosed." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 135a -- 136a. Given the nature of Zubaydah's specific discovery
requests there is a reasonable danger that in this case a former CIA
insider's confirmation of confidential cooperation between the CIA and
a foreign intelligence service could badly damage the CIA's clandestine
relationships with foreign authorities. Pp. 9 -- 13.
(c) The CIA contractors' confirmation (or denial) of the information
Zubaydah seeks would be tantamount to disclosure by the CIA itself.
The contractors worked directly for the CIA and had a central role in
the events in question. The CIA Director describes the harm that
would result from the contractors responding to the subpoenas, not the
risks of a response from the CIA (or any other CIA official or employee).
Pp. 14 -- 15.
(d) Zubaydah's need for location information is not great, perhaps
close to nonexistent. At oral argument, he suggested that he did not
seek confirmation of the detention site's Polish location so much as he
sought information about what had happened there. P. 15.
(e) Here, the state secrets privilege applies to the existence (or non-
existence) of a CIA facility in Poland, and therefore precludes further
discovery into all three categories of information the Ninth Circuit con-
cluded to be nonprivileged. P. 15.
(f) This case is remanded with instructions to dismiss Zubaydah's
current application for discovery under. P. 18.

BREYER, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, except as to Parts II -- 
B -- 2 and III. ROBERTS, C. J., joined that opinion in full, KAVANAUGH and
BARRETT, JJ., joined as to all but Part II -- B -- 2, KAGAN, J., joined as to all
but Parts III and IV and the judgment of dismissal, and THOMAS and
ALITO, JJ., joined Part IV. THOMAS, J., filed an opinion concurring in
part and concurring in the judgment, in which ALITO, J., joined. KA-
VANAUGH, J., filed an opinion concurring in part, in which BARRETT, J.,
joined. KAGAN, J., filed an opinion concurring in part and dissenting in
part. GORSUCH, J., filed a dissenting opinion, in which SOTOMAYOR, J.,
joined.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order that
corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court, ex-
cept as to Parts II -- B -- 2 and III.*
Abu Zubaydah, a detainee in the Guantánamo Bay Naval
Base, and his attorney filed an ex parte 28 U. S. C. 
motion in Federal District Court seeking to subpoena two
former Central Intelligence Agency contractors. Zubaydah
sought to obtain information (for use in Polish litigation)
about his treatment in 2002 and 2003 at a CIA detention
site, which Zubaydah says was located in Poland. See 28
U. S. C. (permitting district courts to order produc-
tion of testimony or documents "for use in a proceeding in a
foreign... tribunal"). The Government intervened. It
moved to quash the subpoenas based on the state secrets
privilege. That privilege allows the Government to bar the
disclosure of information that, were it revealed, would harm
national security. United States v. Reynolds, -- 7 (1953).
The Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit mostly ac-
cepted the Government's claim of privilege. Husayn v.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*JUSTICE KAGAN joins all but Parts III and IV of this opinion and the
judgment of dismissal.
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

Mitchell, 938 F. 3d 1123, 1134 (2019). But it concluded that
the privilege did not cover information about the location of
the detention site, which Zubaydah alleges to have been in
Poland. Ibid. The Court of Appeals believed that the site's
location had already been publicly disclosed and that the
state secrets privilege did not bar disclosure of information
that was no longer secret (and which, in any event, was be-
ing sought from private parties). Id., at 1132 -- 1133. The
Government argues that the privilege should apply because
Zubaydah's discovery request could force former CIA con-
tractors to confirm the location of the detention site and
that confirmation would itself significantly harm national
security interests. In our view, the Government has pro-
vided sufficient support for its claim of harm to warrant ap-
plication of the privilege. We reverse the Ninth Circuit's
contrary holding.
I
A
For present purposes, we can assume the following: In
the aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks,
the CIA believed that Zubaydah was a senior al Qaeda lieu-
tenant likely to possess knowledge of future attacks against
the United States. S. Rep. No. 288, 113th Cong., 2d Sess.,
p. 21, and (2014) (SSCI Report). In March 2002,
Zubaydah was captured by Pakistani government officials
working with the CIA. Id., at 21. The CIA then transferred
him to a detention site that some sources allege was located
in Thailand. Id., at 22 -- 23; see also 3 Record 552.
Zubaydah remained at this location for several months.
SSCI Report 22, 67. During that time he was subjected to
what the Government then called "enhanced interrogation"
techniques, including waterboarding, stress positions,
cramped confinement, and sleep deprivation. Id., at 40 -- 41.
The Government has since concluded that this treatment
constituted torture. See Press Conference by the President,
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of the Court

Office of the Press Secretary, Aug. 1, 2014, https://
obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2014/08/01/
press-conference-president.
In December 2002, the CIA transferred Zubaydah to a
different detention site -- the site at issue here. SSCI Re-
port 67. The CIA has never confirmed its location, but
Zubaydah and many others believe it was in Poland.
In September 2006, the Government transferred
Zubaydah to its detention facility at the Guantánamo Bay
Naval Base. 3 Record 583. He has been detained in Guan-
tánamo Bay ever since. 938 F. 3d, at 1125.
Some of this information and related details have ap-
peared in various publicly-available documents, including:
• The almost-500 page Executive Summary of a Senate
Select Committee on Intelligence Report concerning
the CIA's use of "enhanced interrogation" techniques.
See generally SSCI Report.
• The European Court of Human Rights' findings con-
cerning Zubaydah's treatment, which that court con-
cluded had taken place in Poland. 3 Record 382 -- 607.
• Testimony given by James Mitchell and John Jessen,
the former CIA contractors who are the targets of
Zubaydah's subpoenas and who designed and imple-
mented the CIA's post-September 11 enhanced-
interrogation program. Id., at 106 -- 149; Tr. in United
States v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, et al. (Jan. 21 -- 31,
2020).
• Mitchell's memoir of his involvement with the CIA's en-
hanced-interrogation program. See generally J. Mitch-
ell & B. Harlow, Enhanced Interrogation: Inside the
Minds and Motives of the Islamic Terrorists Trying to
Destroy America (2016).
Some of these and other publicly available sources say
that, in 2002 and 2003, Zubaydah was detained at a CIA
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

facility in Poland. But, the Government states, the CIA it-
self has never confirmed that one or more of its clandestine
detention sites was located in any specific foreign country.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 134a. Neither, as far as we can tell
from the record, have the contractors Mitchell and Jessen
named the specific foreign countries in which CIA detention
sites were located. Rather, they (like the SSCI Report) have
used code names to refer to the locations where Zubaydah
was held. See, e.g., SSCI Report 62; Tr. in United States v.
Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, et al. (Jan. 21, 2020), at 30190.
Finally, although at least one former Polish government of-
ficial has stated that Poland cooperated with the CIA, to our
knowledge, the Polish government itself has never con-
firmed such allegations. 3 Record 472.
B
1
In 2010, lawyers representing Zubaydah filed a criminal
complaint in Poland asking prosecutors there to hold ac-
countable any Polish nationals who were involved in his al-
leged mistreatment in that country. 938 F. 3d, at 1127. In-
voking a Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty, the Polish
prosecutors asked American authorities for information.
3 Record 441. The United States Department of Justice re-
fused their request on the ground that providing the infor-
mation would adversely affect our national security. Id.,
at 444; see also App. to Brief for Petitioner 4a. The Polish
investigation closed without prosecutions. 938 F. 3d, at
1127.
In 2015, the European Court of Human Rights considered
the matter. It concluded that the CIA had held and tor-
tured Zubaydah at a site located in Poland. 3 Record 558.
It also stated that Poland had failed adequately to investi-
gate the human rights violations that the court believed
had occurred on Polish soil. Id., at 581.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of the Court

In response, the Polish prosecutors reopened their inves-
tigation. 938 F. 3d, at 1128. They again requested infor-
mation from the United States under the Mutual Legal As-
sistance Treaty, and the United States again denied their
requests. Ibid.; see also 3 Record 632 -- 633. At that point,
the Polish prosecutors invited Zubaydah's lawyers to sub-
mit evidence that would aid their investigation.
2
Soon afterward, Zubaydah (and his lawyer) filed the ex
parte 28 U. S. C. discovery application now before us.
938 F. 3d, at 1128. Section 1782 says that a district court
may order a person in its district to provide testimony or
documents "for use in a proceeding in a foreign... tribunal,
including criminal investigations conducted before formal
accusation." Zubaydah asked for permission to serve the
contractors, Mitchell and Jessen, with subpoenas com-
manding them to appear for depositions and to produce
"documents, memoranda and correspondence" regarding an
alleged CIA detention facility in Poland and Zubaydah's
treatment there. The Appendix, infra, at 19 -- 20, lists
Zubaydah's document requests. Twelve of Zubaydah's thir-
teen document requests referred to Poland, and 10 specifi-
cally requested documents "concerning" an alleged CIA de-
tention facility located in Stare Kiejkuty, Poland. Ibid. The
District Court granted Zubaydah's request. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 70a.
The Government intervened. 938 F. 3d, at 1129. Sec-
tion 1782(a) provides that a "person may not be compelled
to give his testimony or statement or to produce a document
or other thing in violation of any legally applicable privi-
lege." The Government claimed that disclosure of the infor-
mation Zubaydah sought would violate the state secrets
privilege. 938 F. 3d, at 1129. It asked the court to quash
the subpoenas. Ibid.
To support its privilege claim, the Government submitted
6 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

a declaration from the Director of the CIA. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 123a -- 137a. The Director said that Mitchell and
Jessen's response to Zubaydah's subpoenas would, in this
case, confirm or deny whether Poland had cooperated with
the CIA. Id., at 129a -- 130a. And that confirmation, the Di-
rector explained, would significantly harm our national se-
curity interests. Id., at 131a.
The District Court granted the Government's motion to
quash the subpoenas. Id., at 60a. It did not accept the Gov-
ernment's claim "that merely confirming [that] a detention
site was operated in Poland would pose a grave risk to na-
tional security." Id., at 59a. But it nonetheless thought the
state secrets privilege applied. It concluded that the state
secrets privilege allowed the Government to suppress "op-
erational details concerning the specifics of cooperation
with a foreign government, including the roles and identi-
ties of foreign individuals." Id., at 55a -- 56a. And it believed that it was not possible to conduct
"[m]eaningful discovery... in this matter" without disclos-
ing these (or other) protected types of information. Id., at
57a. The court rejected Zubaydah's suggestion that it
would be possible to conduct further discovery through the
use of code names that would conceal the locations of CIA
detention facilities. Id., at 55a -- 57a. The court conse-
quently dismissed Zubaydah's application. Id., at
60a.
Zubaydah appealed. A divided panel of the Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in
part. The panel listed the following examples of privileged
information sought by Zubaydah: "documents, memoranda,
and correspondence about the identities and roles of foreign
individuals involved with the detention facility, operational
details about the facility, and any contracts made with
Polish government officials or private persons residing in
Poland [that] might implicate the CIA's intelligence gath-
ering efforts." 938 F. 3d, at 1134; see also Appendix, infra,
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of the Court

at 19 -- 20. But the panel majority held that the District
Court nonetheless should not have dismissed the case.
That was because, in its view, the state secrets privilege did
not apply to information that was already publicly known.
938 F. 3d, at 1133. It added that because Mitchell and
Jessen are "private parties," their disclosures would not
tend to show that the Government itself had "confirm[ed]
or den[ied] anything." Ibid.
More specifically, the panel majority wrote that three cat-
egories of information were not covered by the state secrets
privilege: "the fact that the CIA operated a detention facil-
ity in Poland in the early 2000s; information about the use
of interrogation techniques and conditions of confinement
in that detention facility; and details of Abu Zubaydah's
treatment there." Id., at 1134. The panel
then remanded the case to the District Court for further
proceedings. Id., at 1135, 1137 -- 1138.
The Court of Appeals denied, over a twelve-judge dissent,
the Government's request for rehearing en banc. 965 F. 3d
775 (2020). We granted the Government's petition for cer-
tiorari to determine whether the Court of Appeals erred.
We believe that it did.
II
A
The state secrets privilege permits the Government to
prevent disclosure of information when that disclosure
would harm national security interests. See Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 10 -- 11 (disclosure of Air Force accident investiga-
tion report could disclose "military secrets"); In re Sealed
Case, 494 F. 3d 139, 144 (CADC 2007) (disclosure of inspec-
tor general reports would "create the risk of revealing cov-
ert operatives, organizational structure and functions, and
intelligence-gathering sources, methods, and capabilities");
see also Molerio v. FBI, 749 F. 2d 815, 819, 822 (CADC
1984) (Scalia, J.) (disclosure of FBI's rationale for not hiring
8 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

plaintiff "would impair the national security").
To assert the privilege, the Government must submit to
the court a "formal claim of privilege, lodged by the head of
the department which has control over the matter, after ac-
tual personal consideration by that officer." Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 7 -- 8. "The court itself must determine whether the
circumstances are appropriate for the claim of privilege."
Id., at 8. "Judicial control over the evidence in a case can-
not be abdicated to the caprice of executive officers." Id., at
9 -- 10. Nonetheless, in assessing the Government's claim
that disclosure may harm national security, courts must ex-
ercise the traditional "reluctan[ce] to intrude upon the au-
thority of the Executive in military and national security
affairs." Department of Navy v. Egan, 
(1988).
Although the court itself must assess the sufficiency of
the Government's privilege claim, "the showing of necessity
which is made," by the party seeking disclosure of the os-
tensibly privileged information, "will determine how far the
court should probe in satisfying itself that the occasion for
invoking the privilege is appropriate." Reynolds, 345 U. S.,
at 11. "Where there is a strong showing of necessity, the
claim of privilege should not be lightly accepted." Ibid. In
contrast, "where necessity is dubious, a formal claim of priv-
ilege," demonstrating "a reasonable possibility" of harm to
national security, "will have to prevail." Ibid. And in all
events, "even the most compelling necessity cannot over-
come the claim of privilege if the court is ultimately satis-
fied that military secrets are at stake." Ibid.
JUSTICE GORSUCH agrees that the Government must
show a reasonable danger of harm to national security, that
a court must decide for itself whether the occasion is appro-
priate for claiming the privilege, and that in camera review
is not always required to make that determination. Post, at
17 -- 19 (dissenting opinion). We diverge from the dissent on
how those principles should apply to the specific discovery
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of the Court

requests Zubaydah has made in this litigation. Of course,
our answer to that question is not a judgment of Zubaydah's
alleged terrorist activities, nor of his treatment at the
hands of the United States Government. Obviously the
Court condones neither terrorism nor torture, but in this
case we are required to decide only a narrow evidentiary
dispute.
B
An important factor in our analysis of that narrow issue
is the specific language of Zubaydah's discovery requests
and the Ninth Circuit's opinion, which both make it clear
that any response Mitchell and Jessen give to Zubaydah's
subpoenas would tend to confirm (or deny) the existence of
a CIA detention site in Poland. As we have said, 12 of
Zubaydah's 13 document requests contain the word "Po-
land" or "Polish." Appendix, infra, at 19 -- 20. (The exception
is a broad request for any and all documents concerning
Zubaydah himself. Ibid.) Ten of the requests specifically
seek "documents, correspondence, or memoranda... con-
cerning" the alleged CIA detention site in Stare Kiejkuty,
Poland. Ibid. If Mitchell and Jessen acknowledge the ex-
istence of documents responsive to these requests, they will
effectively acknowledge the existence of the detention facil-
ity referenced therein. Conversely, denying the existence
of responsive documents would deny the existence of such a
facility. In any event, any response to the lion's share of
Zubaydah's document requests will either confirm or deny
that the CIA operated a detention site in Poland.
The problem is confirmed by the Ninth Circuit's opinion,
which allowed continued discovery into three topics: the ex-
istence of a CIA detention facility in Poland, the conditions
of confinement and interrogation at that facility, and
Zubaydah's treatment at that location. 938 F. 3d, at 1134.
The first category, of course, requires Mitchell and Jessen
10 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

to directly confirm or deny the existence of a Polish deten-
tion site. The latter two categories require, at the very
least, confirmation or denial, since acknowledging that any
confinement, interrogation, or treatment occurred at a CIA
detention facility located in Poland would confirm that such
a facility exists or existed.
Because any response to Zubaydah's subpoenas allowed
by the Ninth Circuit's decision will have the effect of confir-
mation or denial (by the Government or its former contrac-
tors) of the existence of a CIA facility in Poland, the primary
question for us must be whether the existence (or non-ex-
istence) of a CIA detention facility in Poland falls within the
scope of the state secrets privilege. For the reasons that
follow, we conclude that it does.
1
We agree with the Government that sometimes infor-
mation that has entered the public domain may nonetheless
fall within the scope of the state secrets privilege. But see
938 F. 3d, at 1133 ("[I]n order to be a 'state secret,' a fact
must first be a 'secret' "). The Government here has pro-
vided a reasonable explanation of why Mitchell and
Jessen's confirmation or denial of the information
Zubaydah seeks could significantly harm national security
interests, even if that information has already been made
public through unofficial sources.
The CIA Director stated in his declaration that the
Agency's counterterrorism efforts rely on "clandestine" re-
lationships with foreign intelligence services. App. to Pet.
for Cert. 130a -- 131a. The Director explained that foreign
intelligence services "are a critical intelligence source,"
whose help is "vital to our world-wide efforts to collect in-
telligence and thwart terrorist attacks." Ibid.
He further explained that these "sensitive" relationships
with other nations are "based on mutual trust that the clas-
sified existence and nature of the relationship will not be
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

Opinion of the Court

disclosed." Id., at 135a -- 136a. To confirm the existence of
such a relationship would "breach" that trust and have "se-
rious negative consequences," including jeopardizing "rela-
tionships with other foreign intelligence or security ser-
vices." Id., at 131a -- 132a. In light of these concerns, the
CIA "has steadfastly refused to confirm or deny the accu-
racy" of public speculation about its cooperation with Po-
land, leaving "an important element of doubt about the ve-
racity" of that speculation, providing "an additional layer of
confidentiality," and at least confirming that the United
States will "stand firm in safeguarding any coordinated
clandestine activities," despite the passage of time, the ex-
istence of media reports, and changes in public opinion. Id.,
at 133a -- 136a. In a word, to confirm publicly the existence
of a CIA site in Country A, can diminish the extent to which
the intelligence services of Countries A, B, C, D, etc., will
prove willing to cooperate with our own intelligence ser-
vices in the future.
JUSTICE GORSUCH believes that the Government has
failed to meet its "burden of showing that a 'reasonable dan-
ger' of harm to national security would follow from sharing
the information sought." Post, at 21 -- 22. In his view, the
Director's declaration is insufficient to demonstrate "that
requiring the government to acknowledge [that the CIA did
or did not operate a detention facility in Poland in the early
2000s] would invite a reasonable danger of additional harm
to national security." Post, at 22 -- 23. We disagree. It
stands to reason that a former CIA insider's confirmation of
confidential cooperation between the CIA and a foreign in-
telligence service could damage the CIA's clandestine rela-
tionships with foreign authorities. Confirmation by such an
insider is different in kind from speculation in the press or
even by foreign courts because it leaves virtually no doubt
as to the veracity of the information that has been con-
firmed. And there is ample reason to think that the circum-
12 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

stances of this case -- particularly the specific discovery re-
quests at issue here -- could lead to this kind of confirma-
tion. In any event, the CIA's refusal to confirm or deny its
cooperation with foreign intelligence services plays an im-
portant role in and of itself in maintaining the trust upon
which those relationships are based.
Nor, as JUSTICE GORSUCH believes, do we reach this con-
clusion by incorrectly placing the burden on Zubaydah to
disprove the Government's assertion of harm. Post, at 23.
To the contrary, we agree with JUSTICE GORSUCH that the
Government bears the burden of showing that the privilege
should apply -- we simply disagree with his conclusion that
it failed to meet that burden here. In our view, the Direc-
tor's declaration adequately establishes "that there is a rea-
sonable danger that compulsion of the evidence [at issue]
will expose... matters which, in the interest of national
security, should not be divulged." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at
10. And we have found nothing in the evidentiary record
that casts doubt on our conclusion that the Government has
met its burden here. Reynolds itself contemplated that a
similar basis for a claim of privilege could prevail without
further examination by the court of the ostensibly privi-
leged evidence. Id., at 9 -- 11.
In contrast, JUSTICE THOMAS, referring to Reynolds, be-
lieves that we need not consider the Government's justifi-
cations for invoking the privilege at all because Zubaydah
has not made a " 'strong showing of necessity' " for the re-
quested information. Post, at 1 -- 2 (opinion concurring in
part and concurring in judgment). Reynolds, however,
taken as an example, indicates that the Government ini-
tially must formally invoke the privilege. 345 U. S., at 8.
Then the court itself must "determine whether the circum-
stances are appropriate for the claim of privilege." Ibid.
And only after satisfying itself that the Government has of-
fered a valid reason for invoking the privilege would a court
turn to the issue of necessity (a matter that would help the
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

court determine how deeply to probe the details of, and ba-
sis for, the Government's privilege claim). Id., at 10 -- 11.
We follow Reynolds' example here.
2
Additionally, the Government cites legal authority from
the separate but roughly analogous Freedom of Information
Act (FOIA) context, which supports our conclusion that the
CIA's concerns warrant application of the state secrets priv-
ilege. Brief for Petitioner 32 -- 34. The FOIA contains ex-
emptions that permit an agency to withhold Government
records that a member of the public has requested and
which the agency would otherwise have to disclose. 5
U. S. C.. But the exemptions do not apply (and the
agency must make the information available) if the infor-
mation has already become public, provided that it has been
"officially acknowledged" by the agency from which the in-
formation is sought. Fitzgibbon v. CIA, 911 F. 2d 755, 765
(CADC 1990). The Court of Appeals held
that, under the circumstances present in Fitzgibbon, if
there has been "official acknowledgment" then the agency
must disclose the information despite the exemption. Ibid.
If the agency has not officially acknowledged the infor-
mation, however, then it may withhold the information (un-
der an applicable exemption) despite the fact that the infor-
mation has become public. Ibid.
To be clear, the FOIA doctrine is only an (imperfect) anal-
ogy, and nothing in this opinion should be taken to suggest
that the waiver standards in that area apply directly to the
state secrets privilege. However, the principles underlying
the FOIA rule provide at least some support for the Govern-
ment's position here. Lower courts have explained that the
official acknowledgement doctrine recognizes the reality
that official confirmation of sensitive information may pose
risks that unofficial disclosure does not. "It is one thing for
a reporter or author to speculate or guess that a thing may
14 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

be so or even, quoting undisclosed sources, to say that it is
so; it is quite another thing for one in a position to know of
it officially to say that it is so." Alfred A. Knopf, Inc. v.
Colby, 509 F. 2d 1362, 1370 (CA4 1975). Official confirma-
tion may dispel "lingering doubts" or reveal that the infor-
mation currently in the public domain is incomplete or itself
a cover story. Military Audit Project v. Casey, 656 F. 2d 724,
744 -- 745 (CADC 1981).
This logic helps to explain why disclosure by Mitchell and
Jessen could be harmful in ways that disclosure by other
sources would not. Here, the Government has not con-
firmed or otherwise officially acknowledged the existence of
a CIA detention site in Poland and it has explained why,
under these circumstances, confirmation of that infor-
mation could reasonably be expected to significantly harm
national security interests. That is sufficient to demon-
strate that "the occasion for the privilege is appropriate."
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10. (The Polish government has also
never confirmed whether it cooperated with the CIA, so we
need not decide in this case what significance, if any, that
disclosure would have.)
3
The Court of Appeals also believed that, because Mitchell
and Jessen are "private parties," their "disclosures [were]
not equivalent to the United States confirming or denying
anything." 938 F. 3d, at 1133. We do not agree with this
conclusion. Mitchell and Jessen worked directly for the CIA
as contractors. Zubaydah contends (without contradiction)
that Mitchell and Jessen "devised and implemented" the
CIA's enhanced-interrogation program and that they per-
sonally interrogated Zubaydah. Brief for Respondents 1 -- 2.
Given Mitchell and Jessen's central role in the relevant
events, we believe that their confirmation (or denial) of the
information Zubaydah seeks would be tantamount to a dis-
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

closure from the CIA itself. Indeed, the CIA Director's Dec-
laration describes the harm that would result from Mitchell
and Jessen responding to the subpoenas, not the risks of a
response from the CIA (or any other CIA official or em-
ployee).
4
At the same time, Zubaydah's need is not great. At oral
argument Zubaydah suggested that he did not seek confir-
mation of the detention site's Polish location so much as he
sought information about what had happened there. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 44 ("We know where Abu Zubaydah was. We
want to establish how he was treated there").
5
For these reasons, we conclude that in this case the state
secrets privilege applies to the existence (or nonexistence)
of a CIA facility in Poland. It therefore precludes further
discovery into all three categories of information the Ninth
Circuit concluded to be nonprivileged because, as we have
explained, such discovery will inevitably confirm or deny
the existence of such a facility. See supra, at 8 -- 10.
III
While JUSTICE KAGAN and JUSTICE GORSUCH would send
the case back for additional proceedings, we believe that it
must be dismissed. Although application of the state se-
crets privilege does not always require dismissal, we are
unpersuaded that the litigation at issue here, founded upon
the specific document requests set forth in the Appendix,
infra, at 19 -- 20, can survive the Government's successful
privilege claim.
JUSTICE GORSUCH first suggests that we should remand
for the District Court to conduct "in camera review of any
evidence the government might wish to present to substan-
tiate its privilege claim." Post, at 24. It is true that some-
times a court must personally review the evidence at issue
16 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

in order to assess the Government's assertion of the state
secrets privilege. See Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10. However,
additional judicial probing is inappropriate here for two
reasons taken together. First, for the reasons explained
above, the CIA Director's affidavit, together with the lack
of contrary evidence, is sufficient to "satisfy [us]... that
there is a reasonable danger that compulsion of the [privi-
leged] evidence will expose... matters which, in the inter-
est of national security, should not be divulged." Ibid. Sec-
ond, the necessity of additional judicial probing depends, as
we have explained, on Zubaydah's need for the information
he seeks. We have explained that much of that information
is already publicly available from other sources. Supra,
at 3. The public availability of information concerning
Zubaydah's treatment diminishes his need for the discovery
he seeks from Mitchell and Jessen, and thus for further ju-
dicial probing of the Government's privilege claim. See
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11 ("necessity [is] greatly minimized
by an available alternative"). Zubaydah's need for infor-
mation about his treatment may be further diminished by
the Government's representation that (subject to a security
review) it will allow Zubaydah "to send a declaration that
could be transmitted to Polish prosecutors." Letter from
B. Fletcher, Acting Solicitor General, to S. Harris, Clerk of
Court 3 (Oct. 15, 2021). And, as we just said, Zubaydah's
counsel stated at oral argument: "We know where Abu
Zubaydah was. We want to establish how he was treated
there." Tr. of Oral Arg. 44.
Alternatively, both JUSTICE KAGAN and JUSTICE
GORSUCH suggest that even if "the existence [or nonexist-
ence] of a detention site in Poland really does qualify as a
state secret," we should nonetheless remand so that discov-
ery may continue on a different topic: Zubaydah's treatment
from "December 2002 through September 2003 and without
reference to geography." Post, at 24 (GORSUCH, J., dissent-
ing); see also post, at 2 -- 5 (KAGAN, J., concurring in part and
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 17

Opinion of
Opinion of B
the Court
REYER, J.

dissenting in part). In their view, "familiar judicial tools,"
such as protective orders and code names, would be ade-
quate to protect against the possibility of an "inadvertent
disclosur[e]" of privileged information. Post, at 25 (opinion
of GORSUCH, J.); see also post, at 3 -- 4 (opinion of KAGAN, J.).
Unfortunately, this suggestion ignores the nature of the
specific discovery requests at issue here. It may well be
that such techniques have successfully prevented the dis-
closure of classified information in previous litigation on re-
lated subject matter. See post, at 25 -- 26 (opinion of
GORSUCH, J.) (describing protective measures used to pre-
vent disclosure of classified information in United States
v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad and Salim v. Mitchell,
No. 2:15 -- cv -- 286 (ED Wash.)). But the nature of this case
(an exclusively discovery-related proceeding aimed at pro-
ducing evidence for use by Polish criminal investigators)
and the specific discovery requests before us convince us
that these techniques would not be effective here. In par-
ticular, as we have already explained, both the subpoena's
language and the Ninth Circuit's decision are such that any
response to Zubaydah's discovery requests would inevitably
tend to confirm or deny whether the CIA operated a deten-
tion site located in Poland. Supra, at 8. All this is true
regardless of protective measures that might be employed
by the courts below. Of course, we need not and do not here
decide whether a different discovery request filed by
Zubaydah might avoid the problems that preclude further
litigation regarding the requests at issue here.
Finally, JUSTICE GORSUCH ignores the nature of this liti-
gation. This case arises from Zubaydah's ex parte applica-
tion for discovery under. It is a purely evidentiary
proceeding and thus unlike most litigation, which may, af-
ter a successful assertion of the state secrets privilege, "con-
tinue without the government's privileged proof." Post, at
24. Here, the privilege blocks Zubaydah's discovery re-
quests, which are the proceeding's sole object. Given that
18 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court

fact, we can see no reason to remand for further proceed-
ings.
IV
We reverse the judgment of the Ninth Circuit and re-
mand the case with instructions to dismiss Zubaydah's cur-
rent application for discovery under.
It is so ordered.
Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 19

Opinion of the Court

APPENDIX
20 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of the Court
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins, con-
curring in part and concurring in the judgment.
Under United States v. Reynolds, (1953), a
court evaluates the Government's assertion of the state-
secrets privilege based on "the showing of necessity...
made" by the party requesting discovery. Id., at 11. If the
party makes only "a dubious showing of necessity," the
claim of privilege "will have to prevail" without judicial
scrutiny into the Government's basis for the claim. Ibid. If
the party makes "a strong showing of necessity," however,
immediate dismissal of the discovery request is not re-
quired. Ibid. A court may then ask whether there is a "rea-
sonable danger" that "military secrets are at stake." Id., at
10 -- 11. In answering that question, the court must afford
"the utmost deference" to the Executive's national-security
assessment. Department of Navy v. Egan, (1988). "[I]f the
court is ultimately satisfied that military secrets are at
stake," "even the most compelling necessity cannot over-
come the claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11.
The Court acknowledges that Abu Zubaydah's need for
discovery from two CIA contractors is "not great," ante, at
15, but it declines to dismiss Zubaydah's discovery applica-
tion on that basis. Rather, the Court concludes that the
Government "has provided a reasonable explanation" why
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Zubaydah's proposed discovery "could significantly harm
national security interests." Ante, at 10. In my view,
Zubaydah's "dubious" need for the discovery he seeks re-
quires dismissal of his discovery application, regardless of
the Government's reasons for invoking the state-secrets
privilege. I, therefore, join only Part IV of the Court's opin-
ion.
I
Abu Zubaydah is a terrorist. Before his detention, he was
an al Qaeda-associated senior operative engaged in active
hostilities against the United States. See generally Factual
Return for Abu Zubaydah (ISN 10016), pp. 1 -- 44, in Husayn
v. Austin, No. 08 -- cv -- 1360 (DDC), ECF Doc. 474 -- 1, pp. 24 -- 
67 (Factual Return). Between 1994 and 2000, Zubaydah
was the "key facilitator" for the "Khaldan camp," a terrorist
training center in eastern Afghanistan. Id., at 14, ¶33; see
also Barhoumi v. Obama, 609 F. 3d 416, 425 (CADC 2010);
National Commission on Terrorist Attacks upon the United
States, The 9/11 Commission Report, pp. 59, 175 (2004)
(9/11 Report). Among other responsibilities, Zubaydah se-
cured forged passports and visas for terrorist trainees, pro-
vided safe harbor for the trainees at a "guesthouse," and
managed the training camp's expenses. Factual Return 14,
¶33; see also 9/11 Report 169, 178. Numerous Khaldan-
trained terrorists committed acts of terrorism against the
United States, including Khalid al-Mihdhar, the al Qaeda
hijacker who crashed American Airlines Flight 77 into the
Pentagon on September 11, 2001. Factual Return 18, ¶41a;
see also 9/11 Report 73 (noting evidence that suggested the
1993 World Trade Center bombing "plot or plots were
hatched at or near the Khaldan camp").
After the September 11 attacks, Zubaydah "joined enemy
forces against the United States," "facilitated the retreat
and escape of enemy forces out of Afghanistan," and contin-
ued "plotting attacks against the United States." Factual
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Return 11, ¶28. From sites in Afghanistan and Pakistan,
Zubaydah commanded a terrorist militia closely associated
with al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden. See id., at 25 -- 32,
¶¶49 -- 62; Ali v. Obama, 736 F. 3d 542, 546 -- 548 (CADC
2013) (Kavanaugh, J.). Zubaydah had his followers trained
in English, electronics, and explosives. See Factual Return
40 -- 41, ¶¶67 -- 68. He planned to wage war against the
United States by planting remotely operated bombs in var-
ious public locations. See id., at 43, ¶73. In his diary,
Zubaydah reflected that it would be "a lot better" to carry
out a nuclear attack if a nuclear weapon ever became "avail-
able." Id., at 44, ¶73 (emphasis deleted). Zubaydah wanted
"[a] general war, non stop and without mercy." Ibid.
On March 28, 2002, U. S. and allied forces captured
Zubaydah at his safe house in Faisalabad, Pakistan. Id., at
32, ¶63; Ali, 736 F. 3d, at 543. Zubaydah "used the Faisal-
abad house to prepare for attacks on U. S. and Coalition
forces using remote-detonated explosives." Id., at 546 -- 547.
After his capture, the CIA transferred Zubaydah to several
detention sites abroad before detaining him at Guantánamo
Bay Naval Base, where he remains today. Between March
2002 and September 2006, CIA interrogation of Zubaydah
yielded 766 disseminated intelligence reports. S. Rep.
No. 113 -- 288, p. 46 (2014). "Zubaydah provided information
on al-Qa'ida activities, plans, capabilities, and relation-
ships, in addition to information on its leadership structure,
including personalities, decision-making processes, train-
ing, and tactics." Ibid..
In this case, Zubaydah seeks discovery under 28 U. S. C.
from two former CIA contractors, James Mitchell and
John Jessen. Zubaydah does not request this discovery for
his own use. Rather, Polish prosecutors asked Zubaydah to
file a discovery application after the United States repeat-
edly declined the prosecutors' requests for information re-
garding CIA operations at an alleged detention site in Po-
land. See ante, at 4 -- 5; Husayn v. Mitchell, 965 F. 3d 775,
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

782 (CA9 2020) (Bress, J., dissenting from denial of rehear-
ing en banc). Zubaydah claims to have been detained and
tortured at that site, and Polish authorities are investigat-
ing those allegations. The United States now moves to
quash Zubaydah's application by invoking the state-
secrets privilege, citing national-security interests.
II
A
In Reynolds, this Court held that the Government may
invoke the state-secrets privilege whenever "there is a rea-
sonable danger that compulsion of the evidence will expose
military matters which, in the interest of national security,
should not be divulged." 345 U. S., at 10. Upon the Gov-
ernment's "formal claim of privilege," "[t]he court itself
must determine whether the circumstances are appropriate
for the claim of privilege, and yet do so without forcing a
disclosure of the very thing the privilege is designed to pro-
tect." Id., at 7 -- 8 (footnote omitted).
Reynolds prescribed a two-step framework instructing
courts "how far [they] should probe in satisfying [them-
selves] that the occasion for invoking the privilege is appro-
priate." Id., at 11. First, courts must assess the requesting
party's need for the Government's privileged material. If
the party's need is "dubious," a formal claim of privilege
"will have to prevail" without judicial inquiry into the basis
for the Government's claim. Ibid. A party has a dubious
need unless it can show that the proposed discovery is "im-
mediately and essentially applicable" to the party's case.
United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas. 30, 37 (No. 14,692d) (CC
Va. 1807) (Marshall, C. J.). For example, a "dubious show-
ing of necessity" arises if a party has an "available alterna-
tive" to privileged material that might "giv[e him] the evi-
dence to make out [his] case without forcing a showdown on
the claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. Like-
wise, a party's need is dubious if it is "possible... to adduce
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

the essential facts... without resort to material touching
upon military secrets." Ibid.
Second, if a party has made a "strong showing of neces-
sity," immediate dismissal of the discovery request is not
required. Ibid. The court may then ask whether there is a
"reasonable danger" that "military secrets are at stake."
Id., at 10 -- 11. When answering that question, in camera
review is not "automati[c]," id., at 10, but rather "a last re-
sort," Larson v. Department of State, 565 F. 3d 857, 870
(CADC 2009). And, in
all cases, the court must afford the "utmost deference" to
the Executive's assessment of national-security threats.
Egan, 484 U. S., at 530.1
Such deference is required because it is the responsibility
of the Executive, "not that of the judiciary, to weigh the va-
riety of complex and subtle factors in determining whether
disclosure of information may lead to an unacceptable risk
of compromising" the Nation's safety. CIA v. Sims, (1985). Ultimately, if the court is "satisfied

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 JUSTICE BREYER suggests that case law under the Freedom of Infor-

mation Act (FOIA) might provide a "roughly analogous" framework for
courts to assess the Government's claim of state-secrets privilege. Ante,
at 13 (plurality opinion). Yet, at the same time, JUSTICE BREYER admits
that the analogy is "imperfect," and stresses that "nothing in [his] opin-
ion should be taken to suggest" that FOIA law is "directly" relevant. Ibid.
No party has proposed a FOIA approach to state secrets, presumably be-
cause the statute has no apparent connection to the state-secrets privi-
lege. Like the parties, I do not think that FOIA is relevant in this con-
text. This Court has held that FOIA's "basic purpose" is to "open agency
action to the light of public scrutiny," regardless of the "particular pur-
pose for which the document is being requested." Department of Justice
v. Reporters Comm. for Freedom of Press, (1989) (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). That "basic purpose" is antithetical to
the state-secrets privilege, which exists to protect "military matters
[that] should not be divulged," even when a party demonstrates "the most
compelling necessity." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10, 11. Thus, FOIA favors
disclosure regardless of a party's need, while the state-secrets privilege
mandates secrecy even if need is at its zenith.
6 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

that military secrets are at stake," "even the most compel-
ling necessity cannot overcome the claim of privilege."
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11; see also Trump v. Vance, 591
U. S. ___, ___ (2020) (THOMAS, J., dissenting).
Reynolds itself involved only a "dubious" need for privi-
leged material. The plaintiffs were widows of three civil-
ians who died when a military flight "testing secret elec-
tronic equipment" crashed. 345 U. S., at 3. The plaintiffs
filed suit under the Federal Tort Claims Act, 28 U. S. C.
et seq., and the Government invoked the state-secrets
privilege to withhold the Air Force's accident investigation
report and related materials. See 345 U. S., at 3 -- 4. The
Court sustained the privilege because the plaintiffs "posed
the privilege question for decision with the formal claim of
privilege set against a dubious showing of necessity." Id.,
at 11. Specifically, the plaintiffs had adduced "nothing to
suggest that the electronic equipment... had any causal
connection with the accident," making discovery into the
equipment unnecessary. Ibid. The Government also had
"offered to make the surviving crew members available for
examination," but the plaintiffs declined that invitation.
Ibid. For these reasons, and not because the Court inde-
pendently assessed whether "military secrets [were] at
stake," ibid., the Court found the plaintiffs' need "dubious"
and ordered the dismissal of their discovery request.
B
In this case, the Court inverts the Reynolds test so that
courts first ask whether the Government "has offered a
valid reason for invoking the privilege," and then ask
whether the requesting party has demonstrated sufficient
need for the discovery. Ante, at 12. Now, a court "turn[s]
to the issue of necessity" not to determine whether to eval-
uate the Government's reasons for invoking the state-
secrets privilege, but rather to ascertain "how deeply to
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

probe the details of, and basis for, the Government's privi-
lege claim." Ante, at 13.
Reynolds squarely forecloses the Court's reasons-first ap-
proach. Regardless of need, a claim of privilege must pre-
vail once the Government has given a "valid reason" to sup-
port it, because "even the most compelling necessity cannot
overcome the claim of privilege if the court is ultimately sat-
isfied that military secrets are at stake." Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 11. The Court offers no explanation how a court
might discern a "valid reason" to invoke the state-secrets
privilege without also being "satisfied" that state secrets
are in issue. Here, to determine whether the Government
has offered a "valid reason," the Court even searched "the
evidentiary record" to ensure that "nothing... casts doubt
on [its] conclusion." Ante, at 12. Thus, to start by evaluat-
ing the Government's reasons for privilege, as the Court
does, leaves Reynolds' analysis of need with no role to play.
That result is flatly inconsistent with Reynolds, where the
Court did not evaluate the Government's reasons to support
its privilege claim, but instead ordered dismissal of the dis-
covery request in light of the plaintiffs' "dubious showing of
necessity." 345 U. S., at 11. In upending Reynolds' test, the
Court fails to grapple with or even discuss Reynolds' analy-
sis.
Unfortunately, by invoking need as Reynolds' second
step, with a cryptic instruction to "probe" the Government's
reasons yet more "deeply," ante, at 13, the Court twice puts
the Nation's security at risk. First, any judicial inquiry
more searching than the Court's analysis here likely will
lead to in camera review whenever the requesting party
demonstrates adequate need. Because the Court already
dissects the CIA Director's declaration, see ante, at 10 -- 11,
it is unclear how else the Government could support its
privilege claim other than by disclosing evidence in camera.
But making in camera review turn on the party's need im-
properly prescribes "automati[c]... disclosure to the judge"
8 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

in the narrow but important class of cases for which the
moving party demonstrates adequate need. Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 10. Such an approach also ignores that "examina-
tion of the evidence... by the judge alone" "jeopardize[s]
the security which the privilege is meant to protect." Ibid.
While the Executive can control its subordinates' access to
state secrets and enforce penalties if such material is mis-
handled, it has little control once state secrets fall into the
Judiciary's hands. Disclosure to a judge, therefore, poses a
very real national-security threat. The plurality's cavalier
statement that "sometimes" in camera review is warranted
fails even to acknowledge that risk. Ante, at 15.
Second, the Court's inverted Reynolds test undermines
the "utmost deference" owed to the Executive's national-
security judgments. Egan, 484 U. S., at 530 (internal quo-
tation marks omitted). While the Court purports to apply
that standard in this case, see ante, at 8, it then instructs
courts to "probe" more "deeply" the "basis for... the Gov-
ernment's privilege claim" when need is established, ante,
at 13. This will inevitably result in "judicial second-
guessing" of core national-security determinations, "de-
feat[ing] the unity, secrecy, and dispatch that the Founders
believed to be so important" to the Executive Branch.
Hamdi v. Rumsfeld, (2004) (THOMAS, J.,
dissenting); see also The Federalist No. 64, pp. 392 -- 393 (C.
Rossiter ed. 1961) (because "perfect secrecy [is] sometimes
requisite" in international affairs, the President must be
"able to manage the business of intelligence in such manner
as prudence may suggest").
C
JUSTICE KAVANAUGH joins the Court's opinion but would
reframe its test. Rather than invert Reynolds' two-step ap-
proach, he maintains that the Government's assertion of
privilege should prompt a "threshold judicial inquiry" in
which a court asks whether "the 'circumstances indicat[e] a
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

reasonable possibility' that state secrets are involved."
Post, at 1 (opinion concurring in part). JUSTICE KAVANAUGH fails to describe
what this analysis entails, other than to characterize it as
"not demanding" and the result as "typically self-evident."
Post, at 1. But his Reynolds step 0 cannot be meaningfully
different from the Court's upfront demand for reason giv-
ing. He concedes that this is a case of " 'dubious' need," post,
at 1, so he cannot think
that the Court properly applies Reynolds' second step. He
also joins the Court's analysis in relevant part, which indi-
cates that his "threshold judicial inquiry" includes both the
Court's searching evaluation of the CIA Director's declara-
tion and its review of the record to ensure that nothing
"casts doubt" on the Director's explanation. See ante, at 12
(majority opinion). In short, JUSTICE KAVANAUGH's tripar-
tite test must likewise require plenary (though deferential)
review at the "threshold," with more exacting review (some-
times including in camera review) as the party's need
grows.
To be sure, Reynolds acknowledged that the Government
raised the state-secrets privilege "under circumstances in-
dicating a reasonable possibility that military secrets were
involved." 345 U. S., at 10 -- 11. JUSTICE KAVANAUGH relies
on that language to create Reynolds step 0. See post, at 1
(opinion concurring in part). But Reynolds did not envision
the threshold reason-giving requirement that JUSTICE
KAVANAUGH proposes and the Court now applies. Instead,
in discussing the "circumstances," Reynolds merely charac-
terized the facts of the case: There was "a reasonable possi-
bility that military secrets were involved" because the case
involved "a military plane which had gone aloft to test se-
cret electronic equipment." 345 U. S., at 10 -- 11. It did not
require a "threshold judicial inquiry" to make that observa-
tion. Nor does it require any meaningful "inquiry" to ob-
10 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

serve that this case involves an alleged clandestine deten-
tion site. Again, Reynolds' only "threshold inquiry" was to
assess the plaintiffs' need for the Government's privileged
material. That is why the Court decided that the Govern-
ment's claim of privilege "cut off further demand for the doc-
uments on the showing of necessity" without assessing the
validity of the Government's reasons. Id., at 11. The Court
and JUSTICE KAVANAUGH's reasons-first, need-later ap-
proach has no basis in our case law.
D
Finally, JUSTICE GORSUCH would dispense with Reynolds
and instruct judges to evaluate de novo the Government's
invocation of the state-secrets privilege. He does not say
"de novo," but his analysis makes the point clear. He sum-
marily dismisses the CIA Director's 15-page declaration as
a "conclusory assertion," post, at 23 (dissenting opinion),
proposes that courts "often should" review state secrets in
camera, post, at 18, and then suggests that courts "inde-
pendently" evaluate that privileged information, post, at 15.
This approach finds no support in Reynolds, Egan, or re-
lated cases, see Part II -- A, supra, as JUSTICE GORSUCH ef-
fectively concedes. He rejects Egan, see, e.g., post, at 17,
and he criticizes Reynolds for accepting the Government's
claim of privilege "at face value" "without even pausing to
review" the privileged information, post, at 15. True, quot-
ing Reynolds, JUSTICE GORSUCH indicates that courts
should ask whether discovery would present a " 'reasonable
danger' " to national security. Post, at 17. But the question remains: in whose judgment? His
answer is clear: our "independent judgment." Post, at 17.
JUSTICE GORSUCH offers three arguments to support
de novo judicial review of a state-secrets claim, none of
which has merit. First, he asserts that "courts generally
must respect... the ancient rule that the public enjoys a
right to 'every man's evidence.' " Post, at 11 11

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Wigmore, Evidence in Trials at Common Law,
p. 2965 (1905)). But whatever "right" there may be to civil
discovery generally,2 there is no "right" to state secrets spe-
cifically. As Wigmore explained, when any of "the various
privileges" applies, the obligation to produce evidence is
"not insisted upon." Id., at 2967. The state-secrets privi-
lege, of course, is "a privilege which is well established in
the law of evidence." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 6 -- 7; see also
Totten v. United States, (1876); Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 37. Thus, to assert a "right" to discovery proves
nothing, because the formal claim of the state-secrets priv-
ilege overrides it here.
Second, JUSTICE GORSUCH posits that "[b]ecause Con-
gress has expressly authorized the Judiciary to entertain
this suit" by enacting, "it follows that we may not re-
flexively defer to the Executive's wish to see it dismissed."
Post, at 12,. But that argument "omits an important
caveat found in the same [provision]" on which JUSTICE
GORSUCH relies. Ibid. Section 1782(a) provides: "A person
may not be compelled to give his testimony or statement or
to produce a document or other thing in violation of any le-
gally applicable privilege." Thus, far from inviting de novo
review, Congress instructed federal courts to apply all priv-
ileges -- including the state-secrets privilege -- with full

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 But see, e.g., 4 St. George Tucker, Blackstone's Commentaries 381 -- 

382 (1803) (discussing limits on discovery at common law, including the
lack of "complete discovery by the oath of the parties"; "a compulsive
power for the production of books and papers belonging to the parties";
and "powe[r] to examine witnesses abroad"); E. Sunderland, Scope and
Method of Discovery Before Trial, 42 Yale L. J. 863, 866 -- 867 (1933) (dis-
cussing limits on discovery in equity); S. Subrin, Fishing Expeditions Al-
lowed: The Historical Background of the 1938 Federal Discovery Rules,
39 Boston College L. Rev. 691, 694 (1998) ("Historically, discovery [was]
extremely limited in both England and the United States"); id., at 695
(at common law, "a party could neither take the stand nor force the op-
posing party to do so").
12 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

force. Invoking merely presents anew the question
in this case: what does the state-secrets privilege require.3
Third, JUSTICE GORSUCH invokes Chief Justice Mar-
shall's two opinions in the Burr prosecution, but both cut
decisively against him. In 1807, the Federal Government
prosecuted Aaron Burr, the former Vice President, for trea-
son and, later, misdemeanor incitement. Vance, 591 U. S.,
at ___, ___ (, 7). Burr moved for a subpoena
duces tecum ordering President Jefferson to produce a let-
ter from General James Wilkinson, Burr's principal ac-
cuser. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 5). Chief Justice Mar-
shall explained that it "d[id] not... appear to the court that
the the president d[id] object to the production of any part
of [Wilkinson's] letter." United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas.
187, 192 (No. 14,694) (CC Va. 1807); see also Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 31, 37. But "[h]ad the president" done so and
"subjected [the letter] to certain restrictions, and stated
that in his judgment the public interest required certain
parts of it to be kept secret," Chief Justice Marshall assured
that "all proper respect would have been paid" to the Presi-
dent's invocation of privilege. Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 192.
JUSTICE GORSUCH nonetheless reasons that it would not
have been enough, to defeat the subpoena, for President
Jefferson to have objected on state-secrets grounds. Chief
Justice Marshall supposedly would have required the Pres-
ident to " 'state the particular reasons' " for withholding the
Wilkinson letter, and the court then could have "decide[d]
for itself whether to sustain a claim of privilege." Post, at
12. JUSTICE GORSUCH's
argument by selective quotation is incorrect. Chief Justice
Marshall explained that "on objections being made by the
president to the production of a paper, the court would not
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 JUSTICE GORSUCH eventually recognizes that neither the supposed

"duty to produce every man's evidence" nor actually supports his
position. Post, at 17,. He concedes that both sources simply present
"the question when the state secrets privilege applies." Ibid.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

proceed further in the case without such an affidavit as
would clearly sh[o]w the paper to be essential to the justice
of the case." Id., at 192 ; see also Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 37 ("If it does contain any matter which... it is
not the wish of the executive to disclose, such matter, if it
be not immediately and essentially applicable to the point,
will, of course, be suppressed"). That analysis tracks Reyn-
olds' first step: The Government invokes the state-secrets
privilege, and the privilege will prevail unless the request-
ing party makes the requisite showing of need. Thus,
JUSTICE GORSUCH is simply incorrect that "Chief Justice
Marshall nowhere suggested that the state secrets privilege
should apply in this country without... a statement" of
reasons to support the privilege. Post, at 13,.
JUSTICE GORSUCH further errs in asserting that a review-
ing court must demand a statement of reasons and then
"decide for itself " whether those reasons are adequate.
Post, at 12. Quite the opposite: Chief Justice Marshall ex-
plained that "[t]he president may," not must, "state the par-
ticular reasons" for his claim of privilege, and that the court
will "unquestionably allow... full force to those reasons,"
25 F. Cas., at 192, not "decide for itself "
whether they pass muster, post, at 12. That analysis fol-
lows Reynolds' second step: If there is adequate need, the
Government may explain the basis for privilege and the
court affords "utmost deference" or "full force" to those rea-
sons. The reality of Burr, then, is the opposite of what
JUSTICE GORSUCH proposes.
Ultimately, JUSTICE GORSUCH's animating concern is
that judicial deference to the Executive's national-security
judgments risks collapsing "the many points of difference"
between our Chief Executive and the 18th-century British
monarch. Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 34. Not so. This Court's
standard of utmost deference bears little relation to "the
privilege the English crown enjoyed." Post, at 13. In con-
trasting the American Executive and the British monarch,
14 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Chief Justice Marshall explained that only a king could not
be made "to appear under the process of the court," and
therefore he alone could object even to the issuance of a sub-
poena. Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 34. The President, meanwhile,
must move to quash a subpoena rather than object to "its
being issued," and then he may invoke "the law of evidence"
as grounds "for not obeying the process of the court." Ibid.
That is precisely how the Executive Branch proceeded here.
After the District Court first granted Zubaydah's discovery
application, the Government moved to quash it in light of
the state-secrets privilege. See ante, at 5 -- 6. To eviscerate
that privilege, as JUSTICE GORSUCH proposes, would not
protect the Nation from monarchy. Rather, it would con-
travene the "constitutional directive" that the Executive
has "primary responsibility -- along with the necessary
power -- to protect the national security." Zivotofsky v.
Kerry, (2015) (THOMAS, J., concurring in
judgment in part and dissenting in part).
III
While the Court recognizes that Zubaydah's need for dis-
covery from Mitchell and Jessen is "not great," ante, at 15;
see also ante, at 16 (plurality opinion), it refuses to dismiss
Zubaydah's discovery application in light of his "dubious
showing of necessity," Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. Instead,
as explained above, the Court begins at Reynolds' second
step and concludes that the Government "has provided a
reasonable explanation" why Zubaydah's proposed discov-
ery "could significantly harm national security interests."
Ante, at 10.4 I agree that the Government has offered, at

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Elsewhere, JUSTICE BREYER notes that the "Polish government has

also never confirmed whether it cooperated with the CIA," and he there-
fore declines to decide "what significance, if any, that disclosure would
have." Ante, at 14 (plurality opinion). Any such disclosure plainly would
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

the very least, a "reasonable explanation" to support its
claim of state secrets, but I would dismiss Zubaydah's dis-
covery application at Reynolds' first step.5 For at least
three reasons, Zubaydah has failed to prove any nontrivial
need for his requested discovery.
First, Zubaydah will not use the requested discovery "in
a case" that can offer him any meaningful relief. Reynolds,
345 U. S., at 9. While even the plaintiffs in Reynolds sought
to exercise a federal right that potentially entitled them to
damages, Zubaydah, by contrast, does not assert any fed-
eral right to relief. He does not allege, for example, that the
proposed discovery would support his release from federal
custody. Nor could he, as "the sought discovery will be
shipped overseas for the benefit of another country's judi-
cial system, and at that point, totally out of control of a do-
mestic court." 965 F. 3d, at 792 (opinion of Bress, J.) (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). Instead, Zubaydah requests
discovery on behalf of foreign authorities to help them pros-
ecute foreign nationals who allegedly committed crimes in
a foreign country. At least for purposes of the state-secrets
privilege, Zubaydah has no cognizable "need" to serve as a
conduit for foreign discovery. This Court has never held
that an individual's desire to litigate a foreign case, let
alone his desire merely to assist in the litigation of someone
else's foreign case, establishes any need under Reynolds, du-
bious or otherwise.
Second, Zubaydah has failed to pursue "an available al-
ternative" that "might have given [him] the evidence to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
have no significance. The state-secrets privilege "belongs to the Govern-
ment" -- that is, our Government -- alone. United States v. Reynolds, (1953).
5 I agree that dismissal is the appropriate disposition because "the

privilege blocks Zubaydah's discovery requests, which are the proceed-
ing's sole object." Ante, at 17 (plurality opinion). But even in ordinary
litigation, dismissal of the action is required whenever the case cannot
be fairly litigated without the disclosure of state secrets. See Totten v.
United States, (1876).
16 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

make out [his] case without forcing a showdown on the
claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. Before this
Court, Zubaydah recognizes that his testimony as an al-
leged "survivor" of CIA interrogation could substitute for
discovery from Mitchell and Jessen. Brief for Respondents
40. After all, what the Polish authorities supposedly "need
to know is what happened inside Abu Zubaydah's cell be-
tween December 2002 and September 2003." Tr. of Oral
Arg. 41. While Zubaydah complains that the Government
holds him "incommunicado," he also admits that his attor-
neys may communicate on his behalf with the Govern-
ment's "pre-clearance." Brief for Respondents 40. At oral
argument, the Government confirmed that Zubaydah has
never asked to offer testimony under this preclearance pro-
cedure, see Tr. of Oral Arg. 73, and the Government has
since confirmed that the preclearance procedure remains
available, see Letter Brief for United States 3. Faced with
that confirmation, Zubaydah now concedes that "it is at
least theoretically possible" that the preclearance process
"will lead to a declaration that can assist the Polish prose-
cutor." Letter Brief for Respondents 2. He even asks that
we hold his case in abeyance until he can prepare a decla-
ration. See ibid. But that request comes too late.
Zubaydah's "failure to pursue" an "available alternative"
before demanding state secrets betrays "a dubious showing
of necessity" that cannot overcome the Government's "for-
mal claim of privilege." Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11.
Third, on Zubaydah's own telling, it is "possible... to ad-
duce the essential facts... without resort to material
touching upon military secrets." Ibid. At oral argument,
Zubaydah's counsel clarified that Zubaydah does not need
evidence about Poland specifically and seeks discovery only
regarding the conditions of his confinement while in CIA
custody. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41. Of course, that discovery
would still tend to confirm or deny the existence of a deten-
tion site in Poland. See ante, at 17 (plurality opinion). But,
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 17

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

regardless, discovery is not warranted because Zubaydah
effectively disclaims any need for such evidence. In his
brief, Zubaydah claims already to have "abundant evi-
dence" of his "detention and torture on Polish soil." Brief
for Respondents 11. Similarly, at argument, Zubaydah's
counsel represented that Polish authorities have "inter-
viewed 62 people" and "amassed 43 volumes of documents."
Tr. of Oral Arg. 44. His counsel further explained: "We're
simply trying to supplement information" the Polish prose-
cutor "already has." Id., at 66. In light of these admissions,
it is clear that Zubaydah has already "adduce[d] the essen-
tial facts" that he believes are necessary to support the
Polish prosecution. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. His desire
"simply... to supplement" a foreign investigation, Tr. of
Oral Arg. 66, cannot establish the "immediat[e] and essen-
tia[l]" need required to overcome the Government's formal
invocation of the state-secrets privilege, Burr, 25 F. Cas., at
37.
* * *
I would hold that Abu Zubaydah has demonstrated only
"a dubious showing of necessity" for the discovery he seeks
in this case. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. For that reason
alone, dismissal of Zubaydah's discovery application is re-
quired. I, therefore, join only Part IV of the Court's opinion.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in part

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, with whom JUSTICE BARRETT
joins, concurring in part.
I join all but Part II -- B -- 2 of the Court's opinion. I add
this brief concurrence simply to be clear about my under-
standing of how the "formula of compromise" articulated in
Reynolds works in practice. United States v. Reynolds, (1953).
For the state secrets privilege to apply, the relevant gov-
ernment agency head must first assert the privilege. The
court must then determine that the "circumstances in-
dicat[e] a reasonable possibility" that state secrets are in-
volved. Id., at 11. That threshold judicial inquiry is not
demanding because, as our precedent and this case illus-
trate, those circumstances are typically self-evident when
the Executive Branch asserts the state secrets privilege.
See, e.g., id., at 10; Totten v. United States, -- 107 (1876).
At that point, the court must accept the Executive
Branch's assertion of privilege without further inquiry if
the requester has shown only a "dubious" need for the re-
quested information. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. In many
state secrets disputes, the case ends there -- again, this case
proves the point. See Part III, ante. If the requester has
demonstrated a "strong" need for the information, the court
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in part

may under certain circumstances review the requested doc-
uments in camera to confirm that the information falls
within the privilege. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10−11. To be
clear, however, even if the requester has a strong need, a
court should nonetheless not demand to examine the evi-
dence -- even "alone, in chambers" -- if the Government can
"satisfy the court, from all the circumstances of the case,
that there is a reasonable danger that compulsion of the ev-
idence will expose military matters which, in the interest of
national security, should not be divulged." Id., at 10; see
also id., at 11, (noting that in Totten, "[t]he action was
dismissed on the pleadings" because "it was so obvious" that
"the very subject matter of the action, a contract to perform
espionage, was a matter of state secret").
In all events, once the court determines that the re-
quested information falls within the state secrets privilege,
"even the most compelling necessity" cannot overcome the
privilege. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11; see also Totten,. The privilege is absolute, not qualified.
In state secrets cases, a court's review from start to finish
must be deferential to the Executive Branch. As this Court
has long explained, the courts "have traditionally shown
the utmost deference to Presidential responsibilities" in
cases involving "military or diplomatic secrets," United
States v. Nixon, (1974), and "have been
reluctant to intrude upon the authority of the Executive in
military and national security affairs," Department of Navy
v. Egan, (1988).
With that understanding of Reynolds, I join all but Part
II -- B -- 2 of the Court's opinion.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE KAGAN, concurring in part and dissenting in
part.
Both sides have substantial interests in this case -- the
Government in safeguarding its relationships with foreign
intelligence partners; Abu Zubaydah in obtaining infor-
mation needed to right past wrongs. Sometimes, interests
of that kind are wholly irreconcilable, and the state secrets
privilege may then put an end to the suit. But that is not
so here. The Government's national-security concerns all
relate to confirming the location of detention sites.
Zubaydah requests evidence of a broader scope, concerning
not just where he was detained, but also what happened
there. The District Court, using established methods, can
segregate the two kinds of evidence -- protecting classified
information about location while giving Zubaydah access to
unclassified information about detention conditions and in-
terrogation methods. I would remand the case to allow that
process to go forward. So although I join the Court in much
of its analysis, I respectfully dissent from its decision to dis-
miss this suit.
Start with where I join the Court: I agree the Government
has met its burden of showing that testimony by former CIA
contractors confirming the location of Zubaydah's detention
would pose a "reasonable danger" of harm to national secu-
rity. United States v. Reynolds, (1953); see
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

ante, at 10 -- 15. That is true for two reasons. First, testi-
mony of that kind would remove whatever "element of
doubt" exists about the accuracy of public reporting on the
detention site's location, potentially undermining other CIA
activities in that country. App. to Pet. for Cert. 135a (Decl.
of Michael Pompeo, Director, CIA). Second (and possibly
more important here), official confirmation would conflict
with commitments the Government has made to foreign in-
telligence services to never disclose clandestine relation-
ships -- even as "time passes" and "new political parties or
officials come to power" or "media leaks occur." Id., at 136a.
Standing by those commitments, the Government credibly
states, is "critical" to preserving current intelligence part-
nerships and establishing new ones. Id., at 132a; see id., at
136a; ante, at 10 -- 12. Those concerns explain why the Gov-
ernment has refused, across three Presidential administra-
tions, to confirm or deny reports about the foreign countries
involved in the CIA's "former detention and interrogation
program." App. to Pet. for Cert. 133a; see Tr. of Oral Arg.
25. The Court is right to respect that decision, and thus to
deny Zubaydah's request for the location of his detention.
But that does not mean, as the Court insists, that we
should dismiss Zubaydah's suit. From the beginning of this
litigation, Zubaydah has distinguished between the
"where" and the "what" -- the location of the detention site
at issue and the treatment he received there. See, e.g., App.
to Pet. for Cert. 42a (District Court Order). And in this
Court, his attorney made clear that Zubaydah's primary in-
terest is in obtaining information on the latter subject. He
wants the CIA contractors to testify about "what happened
inside [his] cell" during a particular 10-month period, irre-
spective of where that cell may have been. Tr. of Oral Arg.
41; see ibid. ("I'm not planning to ask did it happen in Po-
land.... I want to ask simple questions like, how was Abu
Zubaydah fed? What was his medical condition? What was
his cell like? And, yes, was he tortured? "). For its part, the
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

Government concedes that information about Zubaydah's
treatment is no longer classified: It is, on any understand-
ing, not a state secret. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 6 (explaining
that the Government in 2014 "decided to declassify" infor-
mation about "the treatment of detainees" like Zubaydah
"to facilitate public scrutiny of the United States' actions").
That creates the possibility of segregating the classified (lo-
cation) information from the unclassified (treatment) infor-
mation and allowing discovery into the latter.
That kind of segregation has happened before, showing
what could be done in this case. In 2014, the Senate Select
Committee on Intelligence released a nearly 700-page Re-
port, describing the CIA's torture of various detainees -- all
while using code words like "Detention Site Green" and "De-
tention Site Blue" to designate particular facilities. See S.
Rep. No. 113 -- 288 (2014) (Senate Report). More recently,
the CIA permitted its former contractors to testify, in civil
litigation and Military Commission hearings, about their
use of "enhanced interrogation techniques" on detainees -- 
again without disclosing any locations. See, e.g., Stipula-
tion Regarding Discovery in Salim v. Mitchell, No. 2:15 -- cv -- 
286 (ED Wash.), ECF Doc. 47, pp. 5, 7 -- 8. Both the Senate
Report and the contractors' testimony discuss Zubaydah,
explaining how he was tortured at the first facility he was
brought to (whose location has also been identified in public
reporting). See, e.g., Senate Report, at 17 -- 48, 231, n. 1316
(describing, among other interrogation methods, more than
80 waterboardings); see also post, at 4 -- 5 (GORSUCH, J., dis-
senting). But neither source details what happened to
Zubaydah at the site here in question, the second facility at
which he was detained. What Zubaydah now mainly wants
is to fill that gap. He is requesting the same information
about the second facility as he already has about the first:
the contractors' testimony about the treatment he received
there, scrubbed of any reference to where it occurred. So
the procedures that worked before -- to protect the classified
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

while disclosing the unclassified -- can work again. And this
case can go forward on that basis.
The Court offers no satisfactory explanation for rejecting
that approach. It says that segregation cannot succeed be-
cause of "the specific language of Zubaydah's discovery re-
quests" -- twelve of which "contain the word 'Poland' or
'Polish.' " Ante, at 9; see ante, at 16 -- 17. That is fair enough,
so far as it goes: Responses to the requests as currently
written would, as the Court says, "either confirm or deny"
that Poland hosted a CIA-operated detention site. Ante, at
9. But a problem of phrasing can be solved by rephrasing.
Zubaydah has long made clear -- not just in this Court but
also below -- that he would modify his requests if that would
make a difference. See, e.g., Tr. of Oral Arg. 41 -- 44, 49 -- 50;
App. to Pet. for Cert. 42a. All that now needs to happen is
for this Court to say that it would. Then Zubaydah would
excise any country name from his discovery requests; and
the contractors would answer those requests as they previ-
ously have done -- by describing his treatment at a deten-
tion site, without divulging where that site was. Even the
Court admits that possibility, though in a backhanded way.
The Court says it "do[es] not here decide whether"
Zubaydah could obtain location-cleansed testimony by fil-
ing a new suit containing narrowed discovery requests.
Ante, at 17. But the question of segregation can be decided
now, and in this suit, rather than by sending Zubaydah
back to square one. See also post, at 29 -- 30 (GORSUCH, J.,
dissenting). I would allow Zubaydah to amend his requests
to remove all Poland-specific references, so that he can ob-
tain testimony about his detention -- in whatever country it
took place.
In short, the holding that national-security risks attach
to confirming the location of Zubaydah's detention -- with
which I agree -- should not end this case. A court can segre-
gate that classified information from unclassified material
about the nature of Zubaydah's detention. I would remand
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

KAGAN, J., concurring
Opinioninof
part and, dissenting
KAGAN J. in part

the case for that to occur, thus protecting not only the
United States's security interests but also Zubaydah's in-
terest in forcing disclosure of government abuse.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 827
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ZAYN AL-ABIDIN
MUHAMMAD HUSAYN, AKA ABU ZUBAYDAH, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 3, 2022]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR
joins, dissenting.
There comes a point where we should not be ignorant as
judges of what we know to be true as citizens. See Watts v.
Indiana, (1949). This case takes us well
past that point. Zubaydah seeks information about his tor-
ture at the hands of the CIA. The events in question took
place two decades ago. They have long been declassified.
Official reports have been published, books written, and
movies made about them. Still, the government seeks to
have this suit dismissed on the ground it implicates a state
secret -- and today the Court acquiesces in that request.
Ending this suit may shield the government from some fur-
ther modest measure of embarrassment. But respectfully,
we should not pretend it will safeguard any secret.
I
A
Start with what the government itself has said about
Zubaydah. In 2014, a Select Committee of the United
States Senate published a 683-page report about the CIA's
detention and interrogation practices. The report did not
focus on Zubaydah alone, but it included certain details
about his treatment, including the following. After his cap-
2 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

ture in Pakistan in March 2002, the government trans-
ported him to a "black site" known as Detention Site Green.
See S. Rep. No. 113 -- 288, pp. 21 -- 23 (2014) (Senate Report). 1
At that time, CIA officials thought Zubaydah might have
been the "third or fourth man" in al Qaeda and withholding
information about the September 11 attacks and potential
future assaults. Id., at 410 -- 411.
In an effort to extract that information, the CIA hired two
contractors, James Mitchell and John Jessen, and author-
ized them to employ what it called "enhanced interrogation
techniques." Brief for United States 3. Mitchell and Jessen
worked "on a near 24-hour-per-day basis" starting August
4, 2002. Senate Report 40; see also id., at 35, 42. 2 They
waterboarded Zubaydah at least 80 times, simulated live
burials in coffins for hundreds of hours, and performed rec-
tal exams designed to establish "total control over the de-
tainee." Id., at 42 -- 43, 82, 231, n. 1316, 488, 495. Six days into his ordeal,
Zubaydah was sobbing, twitching, and hyperventilating.
Id., at 41, 43, 111 -- 112. During one waterboarding session,
Zubaydah became "completely unresponsive, with bubbles
rising through his open, full mouth." Id., at 43 -- 44. He became so compliant that he
would prepare for waterboarding at the snap of a finger.
Id., at 43.
By this point, Mitchell and Jessen concluded that it was
" 'highly unlikely' that Zubaydah possessed the information
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Although the government has not confirmed it, published reports

have placed Detention Site Green in Thailand. See, e.g., S. Bengali & C.
Megerian, The CIA Closed Its Original 'Black Site' Years Ago, L. A.
Times, Apr. 22, 2018, https://www.latimes.com/world/asia/la-fg-thailand-
cia-haspel-2018-htmlstory.html.
2 In the Senate Report, Mitchell and Jessen are code-named Swigert

and Dunbar. See, e.g., Senate Report 21. Mitchell and Jessen later ad-
mitted their roles in the CIA's enhanced interrogation program. See Hu-
sayn v. Mitchell, 938 F. 3d 1123, 1127, (CA9 2019).
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

they were seeking," and they sought to end the interroga-
tions. Id., at 42. It seems their assessment may have been
correct. Although Zubaydah's relationship with al Qaeda
remains the subject of debate today, the authors of the Sen-
ate Report found that the CIA's records "do not support" the
suggestion that he was involved in the September 11 at-
tacks. Id., at 410. At the time, however, CIA headquarters
was not yet persuaded by Mitchell's and Jessen's report. It
instructed the pair to continue their work. Id., at 43. Fol-
lowing these directions, Mitchell and Jessen carried on for
two more weeks until their superiors finally concluded that
Zubaydah "did not possess any new terrorist threat infor-
mation." Id., at 40, 45.
In December 2002, the government moved Zubaydah to
another black site, this one known as Detention Site Blue.
Id., at 67. After a stay there and, it seems, years of further
transfers among other black sites, Zubaydah was trans-
ferred to the government's detention center in Guantánamo
Bay in 2006. Brief for United States 2. More than 15 years
later, he remains there still. Ibid.
B
The Senate Report is only the start of what we know. As
far back as 2007, the Council of Europe issued a lengthy
report finding that the CIA held Zubaydah at a black site
in Poland after his capture. 3 In 2012, Aleksander Kwas-
niewski, the President of Poland from 1995 to 2005, told re-
porters that the CIA site was established "with [his]
knowledge." 4 In 2014, the European Court of Human
Rights found "beyond reasonable doubt" that Zubaydah was

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 See D. Marty, Secret Detentions and Illegal Transfers of Detainees

Involving Council of Europe Member States: Second Report, Council of
Europe Parliamentary Assembly Committee on Legal Affairs and Hu-
man Rights ¶¶ 70, 127 (2007).
4 Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v. Poland, no. 7511/13, ¶234, ECHR 2014.
4 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

detained in Poland from December 2002 until September
2003. 5 In support of its conclusion, the ECHR cited evi-
dence spanning over 100 pages, including declassified flight
records, Polish governmental records, and eyewitness testi-
mony. Many other public sources have likewise docu-
mented that Zubaydah was transported from Detention
Site Green to Detention Site Blue in Poland in December
2002 -- and that he remained there until September 2003. 6
We know even more from Mitchell and Jessen them-
selves. The pair have spoken and written extensively -- 
without governmental objection -- about their activities. In
2016, the CIA permitted Mitchell to publish a book. En-
hanced Interrogation is available on Amazon from $13.99,
where it is touted as "lift[ing] the curtain" on the CIA's in-
terrogation program, including "its methods, and its down-
fall." 7 In 2017, as part of a lawsuit brought by other former
CIA detainees, the government allowed Mitchell and Jessen
to testify how they conceived the idea of waterboarding de-
tainees, how they asked the CIA to discontinue the use of
enhanced interrogation techniques with Zubaydah, and
how headquarters refused. See Stipulation Regarding Dis-
covery in Salim v. Mitchell, No. 2:15 -- cv -- 286 (ED Wash.
2015), ECF Doc. 47; Brief for Respondents 7 -- 8. In 2020, the
pair testified with governmental permission once more, this
time in military commission hearings at Guantánamo Bay.
Over eight days, covering 2,000 pages of testimony, Mitch-
ell explained how Zubaydah was waterboarded and kept
awake for 126 consecutive hours, along with other details

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See id., ¶¶ 404 -- 529.
6 See, e.g., Brief for Bureau of Investigative Journalism et al. as Amici

Curiae 11 -- 43.
7 See J. Mitchell & B. Harlow, Enhanced Interrogation: Inside the

Minds and Motives of the Islamic Terrorists Trying To Destroy America
(online source archived at www.supremecourt.gov).
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

about the CIA's techniques. 8 Jessen provided similar testi-
mony. 9 In 2021, Mitchell even appeared in an HBO docu-
mentary about his activities and treatment of Zubaydah.
See The Forever Prisoner (2021).
C
Still, Zubaydah's story remains incomplete. While we
know that the CIA held Zubaydah at Detention Site Blue
from December 2002 until September 2003, and while we
know that the site was in Poland, what happened to him
there remains unclear. The Senate Report explains that he
was tortured immediately before that period, during his
time at Detention Site Green. Senate Report 208, n. 1207.
The Senate Report also recounts how Mitchell and Jessen
tortured other detainees at Detention Site Blue, including
details about how they waterboarded one detainee 183
times over two weeks. Id., at 65 -- 72, 77 -- 93, 101, 103, 268.
But, Zubaydah's lawyers tell us, the details of Zubaydah's
treatment during this singular period are not yet publicly
documented.
Today, Polish prosecutors are seeking to unravel that
part of the story and determine whether criminal charges
are appropriate in that country. Pursuant to 28 U. S. C., Zubaydah's attorneys filed this domestic lawsuit to
obtain discovery from Mitchell and Jessen to assist the
Polish investigation. Section 1782 allows suits of just this
kind: It provides that federal courts may order persons in
this country to give testimony or produce documents "for
use in a proceeding in a foreign or international tribunal,
including criminal investigations conducted before formal
accusation."

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 See Tr. in United States v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, pp. 30348 -- 

30349 (Jan. 21, 2020); id., at 30441 -- 30443, 30469 (Jan. 22, 2020 (morn-
ing)).
9 See, e.g., id., at 32450 -- 32467 (Jan. 31, 2020).
6 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Early in the litigation, Zubaydah's lawyers issued sub-
poenas to Mitchell and Jessen seeking their depositions and
the production of documents. See Appendix, ante, at 19 -- 20.
Essentially, the requests fell into three main categories.
Zubaydah's lawyers sought: (1) information to confirm that
Detention Site Blue was located in Poland; (2) details about
Zubaydah's interrogation, his treatment, and his conditions
of confinement; and (3) information about the involvement
of Polish officials.
The government filed a motion seeking to have the peti-
tion for discovery dismissed in its entirety. In support, the
government supplied a declaration from then-CIA Director
Mike Pompeo. The declaration conceded that "the en-
hanced interrogation techniques employed with respect to
specific detainees in the program, and their conditions of
confinement, are no longer classified." App. to Pet. for Cert.
143a; id., at 153a. At the same time, the declaration as-
serted that the location of Detention Site Blue remained a
state secret. And the declaration averred that soliciting in-
formation about the involvement of Polish nationals could
complicate national security. Ibid.
In response, Zubaydah's lawyers sought an accommoda-
tion. While they continued to pursue all of their requested
discovery, they also acknowledged the District Court's
power to modify or limit their discovery requests. Id., at
42a. And they stressed that "[v]aluable discovery may pro-
ceed without requiring [Mitchell and Jessen] to confirm ei-
ther the location of any particular site, or the cooperation of
any particular government." Ibid.. Zubaydah's lawyers noted, too, that the
government had previously allowed Mitchell and Jessen to
testify about their activities at other detention sites using
code names, and they offered to follow the same protocol
here. Ibid.
In the end, however, the District Court granted the gov-
ernment's motion to dismiss. In doing so, the court rejected
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the government's suggestion that its detention site in Po-
land remained a state secret. The court concluded the state
secrets privilege did not apply because of how much atten-
tion the site had received over the years and the govern-
ment's failure to explain how acknowledging the site would
cause further harm. Id., at 52a -- 53a, 59a. Still, the court
expressed concern that if Mitchell and Jessen exposed the
names of Polish officials and their roles at the site, it could
complicate national security in light of the government's
declaration. Id., at 59a.
On appeal, the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and re-
versed in part. With respect to the third category of infor-
mation Zubaydah sought, concerning the involvement of
Polish nationals, the Court of Appeals agreed with the Dis-
trict Court and the government. Discovery into "the identi-
ties and roles of foreign individuals involved with the de-
tention facility, operational details about the facility, and
any contracts made with Polish government officials or pri-
vate persons residing in Poland might implicate the CIA's
intelligence gathering efforts." Husayn v. Mitchell, 938
F. 3d 1123, 1134 (CA9 2019).
At the same time, the Ninth Circuit held that the District
Court erred by refusing discovery into the first and second
categories of information Zubaydah sought. With respect
to the first, the Court of Appeals pointed to the District
Court's finding that the CIA's detention facility in Poland
was widely known and did not qualify as a state secret.
Ibid. Given that finding, the Court of Appeals concluded,
Zubaydah was entitled to discovery about the site's location.
Ibid. With respect to the second category, the Court of Ap-
peals held that "information about the use of interrogation
techniques," "conditions of confinement," and the "details of
Abu Zubaydah's treatment" could be provided without risk
to any state secret. Ibid. The court stressed that Mitchell
and Jessen had already provided similar information about
Zubaydah's treatment at other locations in past cases using
8 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

code names; it saw no reason why the same course could not
be followed here. Id., at 1137. The Court of Appeals faulted
the District Court for failing to disaggregate or limit the
scope of Zubaydah's requests before dismissing them all.
Id., at 1136 -- 1137.
D
Dissatisfied with its partial victory before the Ninth Cir-
cuit, the government seeks further relief in this Court. But
as it comes to us, the parties' dispute is limited. Zubaydah
does not appeal the Ninth Circuit's decision. So while the
majority (repeatedly) emphasizes the breadth of his initial
discovery requests, ante, at 5, 9, that is beside the point. No
one argues that Zubaydah may pursue the third category of
information he initially sought -- including the identities
and roles of foreign individuals involved with the detention
facility.
Even when it comes to the two remaining categories of
information at issue -- the location of the government's de-
tention site and the CIA's treatment of Zubaydah there -- 
the parties' dispute has narrowed substantially. The Dis-
trict Court found that the site's location did not implicate a
state secret, and the Court of Appeals agreed. The govern-
ment asserts this decision was mistaken, while Zubaydah's
lawyers defend it. But, as they have throughout the litiga-
tion, Zubaydah's lawyers also offer an alternative. Before
the District Court, they stressed that "[v]aluable discovery"
could proceed into Zubaydah's interrogations, treatment,
and conditions of confinement without requiring Mitchell
and Jessen to confirm "the location of any particular site or
the cooperation" of foreign nationals. App. to Pet. for Cert.
42a. Before this Court,
they stress the same point. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41.
As it arrives before us, then, the central question in this
case concerns the request for information about "what hap-
pened inside Abu Zubaydah's cell between December 2002
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

and September 2003." Ibid. It is this information -- about
Zubaydah's interrogation, treatment, and conditions of con-
finement at the hands of the CIA -- that Zubaydah's lawyers
say they need most. Nor does anyone suggest this request
implicates a state secret. The government does not (and
cannot) claim that its custody of Zubaydah at a black site
remains a state secret: That much was declassified and
documented in the Senate Report years ago. See, e.g., Sen-
ate Report 67. The government has conceded, too, that the
interrogation techniques Mitchell and Jessen employed and
Zubaydah's conditions of confinement and treatment within
his cell during that period are "no longer classified." App.
to Pet. for Cert. 143a; id., at 153a. At a minimum,
Zubaydah's lawyers argue, all this means he should be al-
lowed discovery from Mitchell and Jessen about his inter-
rogations, treatment, and conditions of confinement from
December 2002 until September 2003, with safeguards to
protect against the disclosure of the site's location and the
involvement of foreign nationals.
This request is not a novel one. As Zubaydah's attorneys
observe, the Senate Report discussed the treatment of de-
tainees at various sites during specific time periods while
referring to those locations by code name -- Green, Cobalt,
Blue. See, e.g., Senate Report 99 -- 108 (referencing torture
of various detainees at Detention Site Cobalt). In extensive
civil litigation preceding this suit, Mitchell and Jessen tes-
tified using the same practice -- speaking about the treat-
ment of detainees during specific periods while using code
names where appropriate. Stipulation Regarding Discov-
ery in Salim v. Mitchell, No. 2:15 -- cv -- 286. The military
commissions where the government allowed Mitchell and
Jessen to appear employed the same procedure too. See,
e.g., Tr. in United States v. Khalid Shaikh Mohammad,
p. 31371, pt. 4 (Jan. 27, 2020).
Despite all this, the government asks us to dismiss this
lawsuit. What worked before, the government submits,
10 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

cannot work again. Unlike previous lawsuits, this one
alone must be dismissed at its outset. And, the government
insists, this Court owes "utmost deference" to its demand.
Brief for United States 19 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted).
II
A
I do not question that Article II grants the Executive sub-
stantial authority over the conduct of the Nation's foreign
affairs. Cf. Nestle USA, Inc. v. Doe, 593 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___
(2021) (GORSUCH, J., concurring) ( -- 6). Nor do
I doubt that the Executive's responsibility in this field often
"poses 'delicate' and 'complex' questions involving 'large el-
ements of prophecy... for which the Judiciary has neither
aptitude, facilities nor responsibility.' " Id., at ___ (Jackson, J.)).
At the same time, in this arena as in many others, the
Constitution sometimes envisions a degree of interdepend-
ence between the branches of our government. So, for ex-
ample, while the Executive bears many responsibilities
over foreign affairs, Congress alone possesses the power to
raise armies, maintain a navy, declare war, and fund for-
eign expeditions. Art. I,. Also, Congress enjoys substan-
tial power when it comes to regulating the jurisdiction of
the federal courts -- a power it has employed from time to
time to authorize judges to entertain cases and controver-
sies implicating foreign affairs. See, e.g., Judiciary Act of
1789, 1 Stat. 77; Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-
thorization Act of 2003, (4)(A), 117 Stat. 2878.
Our case is such a case. In, Congress has expressly
authorized federal courts to order discovery from domestic
persons in aid of foreign proceedings like the ongoing Polish
prosecution. No one suggests that, on its face and in all its
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 11

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

applications, intrudes on powers vested in the Exec-
utive alone. Normally, too, when Congress endows the Ju-
diciary with the statutory authority to decide a case, we
have a "virtually unflagging" obligation to do just that. Col-
orado River Water Conservation Dist. v. United States, (1976). In deciding cases lawfully put to us,
courts generally must respect as well the ancient rule that
the public enjoys a right to "every man's evidence." 4 J.
Wigmore, Evidence in Trials at Common Law,
p. 2965 (1905). In this country, no one stands above the
law; not even the President may deflect evidentiary inquir-
ies just because they may prove inconvenient or embarrass-
ing. See Trump v. Vance, 591 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2020) ( -- 15); Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (Jackson, J., concurring) ("No penance
would ever expiate the sin against free government of hold-
ing that a President can escape control of executive powers
by law through assuming his military role").
None of this is to suggest that the state secrets privilege
is inconsistent with our separation of powers. Even a stat-
ute that constitutionally allows federal courts to pass on
matters touching on foreign affairs in most cases may, in
some applications, trench on powers the Constitution re-
serves for the Executive. It is simply that the privilege is
no blunderbuss and courts may not flee from the field at its
mere display. Instead, when the Executive seeks to with-
hold every man's evidence from a judicial proceeding
thanks to the powers it enjoys under Article II, that claim
must be carefully assessed against the competing powers
Articles I and III have vested in Congress and the Judici-
ary. The original design of the Constitution and "our his-
toric commitment to the rule of law" demand no less.
United States v. Nixon, (1974). 10

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 The majority invokes Department of Navy v. Egan for the proposition
12 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

B
The Constitution's insistence on this point is clear from
our history. Today, the Executive demands "utmost defer-
ence" to its judgment that Zubaydah's suit should be dis-
missed. Brief for United States 19. But over 200 years ago, an attorney for the
United States acting on behalf of President Jefferson pur-
sued a similar line, insisting on the President's right to
withhold evidence that "might contain state secrets" from
the trial of Aaron Burr. United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas.
30, 31 (No. 14,692d) (CC Va. 1807). And Chief Justice Mar-
shall expressly refused to afford that kind of latitude.
To be sure, under English law the King could "do no
wrong," he could not "be named in debate," and he enjoyed
largely unfettered discretion to withhold evidence from le-
gal proceedings. See id., at 34. But, Chief Justice Marshall
explained, such rules have no place in our Republic given
that "many points of difference... exist between the first
magistrate in England and the first magistrate of the
United States." Ibid. Instead, if the President wishes to
withhold evidence from a lawfully authorized judicial pro-
ceeding he must at least "state the particular reasons" for
his action. United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas. 187, 192
(No. 14,694) (CC Va. 1807). And while the Judiciary should
pay "all proper respect" to those reasons, as an independent
branch of government it must decide for itself whether to
sustain a claim of privilege in its proceedings, bearing in
mind that it is a "very serious thing" to allow any party to
withhold relevant evidence. Ibid.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
that we should be " 'reluctan[t] to intrude upon the authority of the Ex-
ecutive in military and national security affairs.' " Ante, at 8 ). But the majority omits an important caveat
found in the same sentence it quotes: "unless Congress specifically has
provided otherwise." Egan, 484 U. S., at 530. Because Congress has ex-
pressly authorized the Judiciary to entertain this suit, it follows that we
may not reflexively defer to the Executive's wish to see it dismissed.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 13

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Had Chief Justice Marshall envisioned a rule of "utmost
deference" to executive claims of privilege replicating some-
thing like the privilege the English crown enjoyed, it would
have been the simplest thing for him to say so. Instead, the
"clear implication" of his opinions in Burr is that "the Pres-
ident's special interests may warrant a careful judicial
screening of subpoenas after the President interposes an
objection, but that some subpoenas will nevertheless be
properly sustained by judicial orders of compliance." Nixon
v. Sirica, 487 F. 2d 700, 710 (CADC 1973). And "the ulti-
mate decision" on such matters "remain[s]" with a court of
law. Ibid.; see also Vance, 591 U. S., at ___. 11
Almost 150 years after Burr, the Court reaffirmed this
same understanding in United States v. Reynolds, (1953). There, executive officials once more sought some-
thing like "utmost deference" to their claim that evidence
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 JUSTICE THOMAS observes that President Jefferson did not seek to

withhold evidence on state secrets grounds. Ante, at 12. That much is
true. A government attorney invoked the privilege on the President's
behalf, relying on a "communication from the president." See Burr, 25
F. Cas., at 191. And Chief Justice Marshall -- perhaps wary of ascribing
the attorney's arguments to the President -- expressed some concern on
this score. See id., at 192. But as this Court has recounted, President
Jefferson was anything but ignorant of the proceedings and had raised
privilege concerns in a letter to the attorney. See Vance, 591 U. S., at
___ -- ___ ( -- 7). Nor, in any event, is it clear what difference
this makes: As JUSTICE THOMAS acknowledges, the Chief Justice dis-
cussed how the state secrets privilege would operate if and when the
President chose to submit "particular reasons" for withholding evidence.
Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 192; see ante, at 12. JUSTICE THOMAS stresses that,
in the course of this discussion, Chief Justice Marshall acknowledged
that the President "may" rather than "must" state his particular reasons
for seeking to withhold evidence. Ante, at 13. But Chief Justice Marshall
nowhere suggested that the state secrets privilege should apply in this
country without such a statement. See Vance, 591 U. S., at ___. Nor did he guarantee that producing such a statement would au-
tomatically spell the end of the judicial inquiry, as JUSTICE THOMAS
seems to suppose. See Burr, 25 F. Cas., at 192; Vance, 591 U. S., at ___.
14 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

should be suppressed from judicial proceedings in the name
of national security. Id., at 6. And once more the Court
refused to indulge that view. In England, Kings may have
enjoyed the kind of latitude the government sought. Id., at
7.
But under our Constitution, Reynolds emphasized, the Ex-
ecutive may not judge its own case: "Judicial control over
the evidence in a case cannot be abdicated to the caprice of
executive officers." 345 U. S., at 9 -- 10.
In this particular, our Nation broke from English prac-
tice. The Declaration of Independence did not endorse
crown prerogatives but described many as evils. The Con-
stitution did not create a President in the King's image but
envisioned an executive regularly checked and balanced by
other authorities. Our Founders knew from hard experi-
ence the "intolerable abuses" that flow from unchecked ex-
ecutive power. Id., at 8; see also Youngstown, 343 U. S., at
641 (Jackson, J., concurring).
Nor is their experience an alien one. More recent history
reveals that executive officials can sometimes be tempted
to misuse claims of national security to shroud major
abuses and even ordinary negligence from public view. In
Korematsu v. United States, the President persuaded this
Court to permit the forced internment of Japanese-
American citizens during World War II. 
(1944). The President did so in part by relying on a military
report that insisted immediate action was imperative to na-
tional security. Id., at 235 -- 236 (Murphy, J., dissenting).
The report, however, contained information executive offi-
cials knew to be false at the time. Yet it took decades before
the government publicly acknowledged its misrepresenta-
tion to this Court. See Dept. of Justice, Archives, N. Katyal,
Confessions of Error: The Solicitor General's Mistakes Dur-
ing the Japanese-American Internment Cases (May 20,
2011). And still more years passed before this Court for-
mally repudiated its decision. See Trump v. Hawaii, 585
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 15

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

U. S. ___, ___ (2018).
In Reynolds, a similar story unfolded. There, families of
civilians killed in the crash of an Air Force plane sued the
government for negligence and sought its official accident
report. The government invoked the state secrets privilege
and filed a declaration asking courts to shield the document
from disclosure. In response, this Court refused to afford
the government utmost deference but ultimately allowed it
to withhold the report. The Court did so without even paus-
ing to review the report independently in chambers or ask-
ing a lower court to take up that task. See Reynolds, 345
U. S., at 10 -- 11. Decades later, when the government re-
leased the report, it turned out to contain no state secrets -- 
only convincing proof of governmental negligence. See J.
Weinstein, The Role of Judges in a Government of, by, and
for the People: Notes for the Fifty-Eighth Cardozo Lecture,
30 Cardozo L. Rev. 1, 92 (2008). So it seems that, in the
very case where this Court stressed the importance of care-
fully examining claims of privilege, families were denied ac-
cess to proof to which they were lawfully entitled only be-
cause this Court accepted the Executive's declaration at
face value.
More recent history bears its cautions too. The govern-
ment invoked the state secrets privilege only 16 times be-
tween 1961 and 1980. See Brief for Public Citizen as Ami-
cus Curiae 9. Yet it has done so at least 49 times between
2001 and 2021. See id., at 9 -- 10. What is more, the propri-
ety of several of these assertions has been called into ques-
tion. Id., at 10 -- 17 (collecting examples); see also id., at 21 -- 
24 (documenting alleged improper governmental withhold-
ing of information in FOIA cases); W. Weaver & R. Pallitto,
State Secrets and Executive Power, 120 Pol. Sci. Q. 85, 101,
107 -- 112 (2005) (Weaver & Pallitto).
For decades, public servants ranging from Erwin Gris-
wold to Donald Rumsfeld and Porter Goss have complained
about overclassification by the Executive Branch. See, e.g.,
16 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Brief for Public Citizen as Amicus Curiae 17 -- 19. Officials
who have served in the Executive Branch have estimated
that between 50% and 90% of classified material does not
merit that treatment. Id., at 19 -- 20. In 1996, the federal
government made about 5.8 million classification decisions;
by 2017, that number reached approximately 49 million.
Compare Nat. Archives and Records Admin., Information
Security Oversight Office, 2010 Report to the President 12,
with Nat. Archives and Records Admin., Information Secu-
rity Oversight Office, 2017 Report to the President 1 -- 2. It
seems the government once even classified a memo from
one member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to another discuss-
ing how too many documents were being classified. Weaver
& Pallitto 87.
It may be understandable that those most responsible for
the Nation's security will seek to press every tool available
to them to maximum advantage. There has always been
something of a "hydraulic pressure inherent within each of
the separate Branches" to test "the outer limits of its
power." INS v. Chadha, (1983). It may
be nothing less than human nature. But when classifica-
tion standards are "so broadly drawn and loosely adminis-
tered," temptation enough exists for executive officials to
"cover up their own mistakes and even their wrongdoing
under the guise of protecting national security." K. Mayer,
With the Stroke of a Pen: Executive Orders and Presiden-
tial Power 145 (2001).
This Court hardly needs to add fuel to that fire by abdicat-
ing any pretense of an independent judicial inquiry into the
propriety of a claim of privilege and extending instead "ut-
most deference" to the Executive's mere assertion of one.
Walking that path would only invite more claims of secrecy
in more doubtful circumstances -- and facilitate the loss of
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 17

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

liberty and due process history shows very often follows. 12
C
Accepting that independent judgment is required of us in
cases like this one, how exactly should we proceed? If the
government's "utmost deference" test is not appropriate,
what rules are? Our precedents offer a number of lessons.
First, Reynolds held that, when the Executive seeks to
withhold evidence from a congressionally authorized judi-
cial proceeding, it must show a "reasonable danger" of harm
to national security would follow otherwise. 345 U. S.,
at 10. To be sure, most parties who seek to invoke an evi-
dentiary privilege bear the burden of showing their entitle-
ment to do so by a preponderance of proof. See, e.g., 1 C.
Mueller & T. Kirkpatrick, Federal Evidence :32, pp. 213 -- 
214 (4th ed. Supp. 2021). And here the government's bur-
den is a good deal more forgiving. But I can also see why.
The line Reynolds drew seeks to accommodate the separa-
tion of powers: It ensures that a congressional mandate to
entertain a case or controversy will not be automatically
frustrated. It guarantees a degree of independent judicial

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 In defending the government's proposed "utmost deference" stand-

ard, JUSTICE THOMAS stresses that the duty to produce every man's evi-
dence "is not insisted upon" when a privilege applies. Ante, at 11 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). He also highlights that does not
compel individuals to provide evidence when doing so would "violat[e]" a
"legally applicable privilege." Ibid..
But neither of these truisms answer the question when the state secrets
privilege applies -- let alone prove that a court should afford "utmost def-
erence" to the mere assertion of a privilege. The truth is, privileges
against the production of evidence apply "only where necessary to
achieve [their] purpose" given that they have the "effect of withholding
relevant evidence from the fact-finder." Fisher v. United States, (1976). And it is a "fundamental maxim" that "any exemptions
which may exist to [the general rule favoring disclosure] are distinctly
exceptional," and therefore "all privileges of exemption... should be rec-
ognized only within the narrowest limits defined by principle." J. Wig-
more, Evidence, pp. 64, 67 (3d ed. 1940).
18 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

review. Yet it also seeks to respect the Executive's specially
assigned constitutional responsibilities in the field of for-
eign affairs and the delicate and complex predictive judg-
ments the Executive often must make there.
Second, when assessing a state secrets claim courts
may -- and often should -- review the evidence supporting
the government's claim of privilege in camera. Reynolds
said that "[w]hen" the government can show a reasonable
danger of harm exists by means of a declaration, a "court
should not... insis[t] upon an examination of the evidence,
even by the judge alone, in chambers." 345 U. S., at 8, 10.
But at the same time, the Court also stressed that, before
excluding evidence, a judge "must be satisfied" that a rea-
sonable danger of harm would flow from its production -- 
and that this is a responsibility no court may "abdicat[e]."
Id., at 9 -- 10. From this, it follows that in cases of doubt
more careful scrutiny is required before a court may uphold
a claim of privilege.
It is at this point, too, where the magnitude of a party's
need for the requested evidence may become relevant.
Reynolds explained that the extent of a party's need for the
government's evidence can inform "how far the court should
probe in satisfying itself that the occasion for invoking the
privilege is appropriate." Id., at 11. But Reynolds did not
create a threshold inquiry requiring a litigant to demon-
strate its need for relevant evidence before the government
must show a reasonable danger of harm would flow from its
production. Today's majority recognizes this point, explain-
ing that "only after satisfying itself that the Government
has offered a valid reason for invoking the privilege would
a court turn to the issue of necessity." Ante, at 12.
Here again, I see a balance consistent with the Constitu-
tion's design. A court persuaded that the government has
met its burden by declaration may find the privilege
properly invoked. But a court harboring questions must
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 19

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

probe further and examine the bases for the government's
assertions in camera. Nor may a court allow the govern-
ment to deny access to every man's evidence unless and un-
til it establishes its lawful entitlement to do so. This Court
has endorsed a similar procedure for resolving claims of ex-
ecutive privilege in other contexts. See, e.g., Nixon, 418
U. S., at 713 -- 715, and. Congress has authorized par-
allel procedures in several statutes implicating national se-
curity information. See, e.g., Foreign Intelligence Surveil-
lance Act of 1978, 92 Stat. 1785, as amended, 50 U. S. C.
; Classified Information Procedures Act, 18 U. S. C.
App., p. 414. And courts routinely test claims of entitle-
ment to other ancient and venerable privileges in just this
way. See, e.g., United States v. Zolin, 
(1989) (holding that in camera review may be used to probe
crime-fraud challenges to attorney-client privilege); see also, supra (observing that privileges generally "should be
recognized only within the narrowest limits defined by [the]
principle[s]" animating them ).
Third, the state secrets privilege protects the government
from the duty to supply certain evidence, but it does not
prevent a litigant from insisting that the government pro-
duce nonprivileged evidence in its possession. Nor does the
privilege preclude a litigant from pursuing its case other-
wise. As our cases explain, the trial simply "goes on" with-
out the government's privileged proof. General Dynamics
Corp. v. United States, (2011); see also
Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 11. In this way, the state secrets
privilege again operates like many others -- whether self-
incrimination, attorney-client, or spousal -- by suspending a
party's duty to provide privileged evidence but never pro-
hibiting an opponent from seeking nonprivileged evidence
or proving its case using facts obtainable through other
means. See, e.g., Schmerber v. California, UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

761 (1966). In this way, too, it seems to me that the privi-
lege seeks to respect the separation of powers. The Execu-
tive may have a national security interest in keeping cer-
tain evidence to itself. It may have an interest in avoiding
the necessity of having to confirm or deny a fact. But that
executive interest does not extend to quashing suits that
Congress has authorized the Judiciary to entertain -- and
that the Judiciary has a "virtually unflagging" duty to re-
solve. Colorado River Water Conservation Dist., 424 U. S.,
at 817.
Admittedly, this Court has held that some contract dis-
putes between spies and the government may be dismissed
at their outset. See Totten v. United States, (1876); Tenet v. Doe, (2005). But the
Court has done so only on the ground and to the extent that
allowing these cases to proceed would " 'inevitably lead to
the disclosure of ' state secrets." General Dynamics, 563
U. S., at 486. In rare cases
like these, it may simply be impossible to adjudicate a claim
without privileged evidence from the government. Still,
none of that displaces the general rule that the privilege
protects only against the production of certain evidence -- 
not the inconvenience of lawsuits. If a way exists for a court
to discharge its statutory duty to entertain a case without
the government's privileged proof, that way must be found.
Dismissal may be an easy out, but it is only rarely the cor-
rect one. Even English courts applying the old crown priv-
ilege sometimes afforded litigants the chance to prove their
cases independently without the benefit of privileged proof.
See, e.g., H. M. S. Bellerophon, 44 LJR 5, 5 -- 9 (Admlty.
1875).
Fourth, after the government properly invokes the privi-
lege, a court may still be able to explore options to make the
government's evidence available to litigants in some form
as long as it fully respects the government's national secu-
rity interests. Lower courts have a long history here. They
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 21

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

have used protective orders and other security procedures
to allow sensitive governmental information to be shared -- 
options Congress has borrowed and endorsed for use in
cases arising under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act of 1978 and the Classified Information Procedures Act.
50 U. S. C. ; 18 U. S. C. App. -- 4, p. 414. Lower
courts have appointed special masters with security clear-
ances to provide unclassified summaries to litigants who
lack such clearances. See, e.g., In re United States Dept. of
Defense, 848 F. 2d 232, 234 (CADC 1988). Judges have
worked with executive officials to craft nonprivileged sub-
stitute versions of particular pieces of evidence. Cf. In re
Sealed Case, 494 F. 3d 139, 153 (CADC 2007); see also 18
U. S. C. App. (1), p. 415. Suppressing evidence from a
congressionally authorized judicial proceeding may not be
an appropriate remedy if valid executive interests can be
fully protected by less intrusive means.
III
The majority does not dispute that the principles set out
in Part II should guide the resolution of any state secrets
dispute. See ante, at 8 -- 9. Instead, the majority insists that
the only disagreement between us concerns "how th[e]se
principles should apply to the specific discovery requests
Zubaydah has made in this litigation." Ibid. Recall that
the Ninth Circuit permitted discovery on just two things:
(1) the location of the CIA's detention site, and (2) details
about Zubaydah's interrogation by the CIA, his treatment,
and his conditions of confinement.
A
Start with the first of these. The Executive seeks to with-
hold evidence about the location of its detention site from a
congressionally authorized judicial proceeding. To do so, it
bears the burden of showing that a "reasonable danger" of
22 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

harm to national security would follow from sharing the in-
formation sought. Reynolds, 345 U. S., at 10. How does the
government seek to discharge that burden in this case?
Zubaydah seeks evidence from Mitchell and Jessen. The
pair have long since stopped working for the government.
Still, the government insists, any evidence they supply
would be widely understood as speaking for the Executive
Branch. Brief for United States 26. (That premise I accept
for argument's sake.) And, the government continues, if the
pair were asked to confirm or deny the existence of a black
site in Poland, their answer could complicate efforts to se-
cure assistance from foreign governments for future opera-
tions. Id., at 27 -- 28.
Even on its own terms, however, the government's sub-
mission faces an immediate problem. What was once a se-
cret can, with the passage of time, become old news. See
United States v. Ahmad, 499 F. 2d 851, 855 (CA3 1974).
There may be cases where requiring the government to con-
firm a widely known but not "officially" disclosed fact could
pose a national security risk sufficient to justify withhold-
ing evidence. See ante, at 10 -- 11. Hypothetically, as the
Court explains, demanding the government to admit "the
existence of a CIA site in Country A" could "diminish the
extent to which the intelligence services of Countries A, B,
C, D, etc." might be willing to cooperate "with our own in-
telligence services in the future." Ante, at 11. The difficulty
is, the government has not carried its burden of showing
this case falls into that category.
The record before us is stark. Zubaydah's detention in
Poland took place 20 years ago. The location of the CIA's
detention site has been acknowledged by the former Polish
President, investigated by the Council of Europe, and
proven "beyond reasonable doubt" to the European Court of
Human Rights. See Part I -- B, supra. Doubtless, these dis-
closures may have done damage to national security inter-
ests. But nothing in the record of this case suggests that
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 23

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

requiring the government to acknowledge what the world
already knows to be true would invite a reasonable danger
of additional harm to national security. The government's
only evidence is a declaration couched in conclusory terms,
which the District Court found unpersuasive. See App. to
Pet. for Cert. 45a, 52a -- 53a, 59a. It rests on the same sort
of hypothetical the majority posits today -- making no effort
to grapple with the particulars of this case.
Even the majority seems uncomfortable with the govern-
ment's declaration. The best the majority can say is this:
The location of a CIA detention site in Poland qualifies as a
"state secret" because "we have found nothing in the evi-
dentiary record that casts doubt" on the declaration's con-
clusory assertion that national security harms could follow
from acknowledging its existence. Ante, at 12. But notice
how this effectively reverses the burden of proof. The ma-
jority starts with the government's conclusory assertion -- 
and then proceeds to place on Zubaydah the burden of dis-
proving it. A bare expression of national security concern
becomes reason enough to deny the ancient right to every
man's evidence.
This may be a nice move, but it is unpersuasive. Since
Burr, this Court has held that the Executive must do more
than assert a harm to national security "might" follow from
producing evidence. See Part II -- B, supra. Since Reynolds,
this Court has required a "reasonable," not a speculative,
showing of harm. See Part II -- B, supra. If the government
could withhold evidence and even compel the dismissal of
lawsuits based on nothing more than a conclusory assertion
of national security concerns -- and if the burden fell on pri-
vate persons to disprove those concerns -- it is hard to imag-
ine what case a court could not be forced to close. That kind
of executive prerogative might have once been part of the
law of England; it has never been the law here. See Parts
II -- B and II -- C, supra.
24 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Under our law, a court not fully satisfied by the govern-
ment's showing of harm has a duty to inquire further. See
Part II -- C, supra. In this case, I would have thought that
concerns about the conclusory nature of the government's
declaration would have led the Court at least to remand the
matter to the District Court for in camera review of any ev-
idence the government might wish to present to substanti-
ate its privilege claim. Crediting doubtful representations
has led this Court to embarrassments in the past. See Part
II -- B, supra. I would not risk a repeat.
B
Looking past these problems only serves to expose an-
other and maybe more fundamental one. Assume now with
the government that confirming the existence of a detention
site in Poland really does qualify as a state secret. Put aside
that part of the Ninth Circuit's decision allowing discovery
to proceed on that question. What about the Court of Ap-
peals' separate holding that Zubaydah is entitled to discov-
ery about his interrogation, treatment, and conditions of
confinement? Recall that Zubaydah's lawyers have long
maintained that, at a minimum, they should be allowed to
ask about those matters within the date range of December
2002 through September 2003 and without reference to ge-
ography or Polish personnel. See Part I -- C, supra. Recall,
too, that even the government has conceded that "the en-
hanced interrogation techniques employed with respect to
specific detainees in the program, and their conditions of
confinement, are no longer classified." App. to Pet. for Cert.
143a. Normally, a statutorily authorized case must con-
tinue without the government's privileged proof. See Part
II -- C, supra. Why should this case be different and face dis-
missal at its outset?
A plurality of the Court answers with a worry. 13 It fears
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 JUSTICE KAGAN does not join this portion of the principal opinion and

instead appears largely to agree with us in what follows.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 25

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

that "any response to Zubaydah's discovery requests would
inevitably tend to confirm or deny whether the CIA oper-
ated a detention site located in Poland." Ante, at 17. Ap-
parently, the plurality is concerned that, during the course
of their testimony about Zubaydah's treatment, Mitchell
and Jessen might inadvertently disclose the location of their
activities. See ibid. To ward against this possibility, the
plurality insists, dismissal is the only option.
But that has never been enough to justify an invocation
of the state secrets doctrine to shield evidence, let alone the
dismissal of a lawsuit. No one cites any legal authority -- 
even under the old crown privilege in England -- allowing
the Executive to withhold nonprivileged information and
demand a suit's dismissal only because executive agents
might accidentally disclose privileged information along the
way. Surely a party's propensity for error cannot be a point
in its favor.
Nor is that the only thing surprising about the plurality's
argument. Many familiar judicial tools exist to protect par-
ties from their inadvertent disclosures. In prior detainee
civil litigation, the government attended Mitchell's and
Jessen's depositions and instructed them not to answer cer-
tain sensitive questions. See, e.g., Brief for Respondents 7 -- 
8. The District Court could insist on that same procedure
here. As an added precaution, the District Court could con-
duct any depositions in its presence. Alternatively, the
court could enter a protective order preventing the parties
from sharing documents or other information with Polish
authorities or the public until the government has a chance
to review them. Alternatively still, Mitchell and Jessen
could be directed to provide their materials to the District
Court so that the court and the government would have a
chance to review their submissions before they are even
transmitted to Zubaydah's lawyers. It seems the govern-
ment found advance review procedures like these sufficient
26 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

when it allowed Mitchell to publish a book about his in-
volvement in the CIA's interrogation program. It is unclear
why they should be insufficient now. See Part I -- B, supra.
On top of all that, the District Court might require Mitch-
ell and Jessen to use code names or redact privileged infor-
mation when supplying their evidence. The Senate Report
used these tools, speaking of "Detention Site Blue" in lieu
of "Poland" more than 60 times and redacting certain ma-
terials from its public report, all while recounting in detail
how Mitchell and Jessen tortured other detainees at that
site. See Part I -- B, supra. Mitchell and Jessen likewise
used code names to shield foreign country names when they
testified in prior civil litigation and before a military com-
mission at Guantánamo Bay. Indeed, according to an ami-
cus, the government even filed a motion in the military com-
mission proceedings endorsing the practice. See Brief for
Electronic Frontier Foundation as Amicus Curiae 23.
The plurality barely pauses to consider any of these safe-
guards against the government's potential negligence. It
acknowledges these "techniques have successfully pre-
vented the disclosure of classified information in previous
litigation on related subject matter." Ante, at 17. But in a
bare ipse dixit, the plurality asserts these same tools "would
not be effective here." Ibid. In failing to give careful con-
sideration to potential safeguards that would allow this
case to proceed, the plurality defies a central and consistent
teaching of this Court's state secrets jurisprudence -- that
executive claims of privilege in congressionally authorized
proceedings are not to be reflexively accepted, and remedies
short of dismissal must be preferred. See Part II -- C, supra.
The plurality confuses appropriate deference to the Execu-
tive's predictive judgments about foreign affairs with inap-
propriate deference to the Executive's concerns about its
own mishaps, misstatements, and mistakes. In the process,
the plurality abdicates judicial responsibility to use ordi-
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 27

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

nary tools of litigation management in favor of the Execu-
tive's wish to brush this case out the door. We do no honor
to the rule of law in acquiescing to that impulse.
C
Unable to explain how the government would be harmed
by allowing this litigation to continue, the plurality seeks
to flip the script. Now, it contends that "much of [the] in-
formation" Zubaydah seeks "is already publicly available
from other sources," so "further judicial probing of the Gov-
ernment's privilege claim" is unwarranted. Ante, at 16.
This submission faces its own problems. A litigant's ne-
cessity for the evidence he seeks may inform how far a court
must go in testing the government's claim of privilege. But
in all cases the government bears the burden of proving its
entitlement to the privilege. See Part II -- C, supra. And it
has not carried that burden here. The government worries
about confirming the location of its detention site, but it has
not shown how doing so would harm national security in
light of how well documented that fact already is. Worse,
the government has not even shown how this lawsuit would
require it to confirm the location of its detention site. We
do not have in this case a question about how far to probe
the government's privilege claim; we have not probed that
claim at all. We have replaced independent inquiry with a
rubber stamp.
Troubling, too, the plurality's argument rests on facts of
its own surmise. Yes, a great deal of public information ex-
ists about Zubaydah's treatment during other periods. And
maybe the location of his detention site is known to the
world. But Zubaydah's lawyers tell us that the public rec-
ord contains no comparable information about what hap-
pened "inside [his] cell" from December 2002 until Septem-
ber 2003. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41. That, they say, is the
primary reason this lawsuit exists. See Part I -- C, supra.
The government does not seriously dispute the comparative
28 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

lack of public evidence about Zubaydah's treatment during
the relevant period -- and it is unclear why the plurality
pursues the point on the government's behalf. As recently
as 2015, the government rejected a diplomatic request by
Polish prosecutors seeking information about Zubaydah's
treatment. Letter from B. Fletcher, Acting Solicitor Gen-
eral, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court 1, 3 (Oct. 15, 2021) (Gov-
ernment Letter).
Rather than face these problems, the plurality attempts
a way around them. Perhaps Zubaydah does not yet have
the information he needs. But, the plurality replies, we re-
cently received a letter from the government. In it, the gov-
ernment says it will now allow Zubaydah to mail a docu-
ment from Guantánamo Bay to Polish prosecutors detailing
his treatment during the relevant period. So at least in this
way, the plurality reasons, Zubaydah's need for evidence
from Mitchell and Jessen "may" become "diminished" in the
future. Ante, at 16.
It is easy enough to see why the plurality hedges here.
Not only has the government already once refused a request
from Polish authorities asking for information about
Zubaydah's treatment. The government's apparent change
of heart came only after argument in this case, in response
to questions from the bench. And a closer look at the gov-
ernment's offer unmasks its emptiness. No one seems con-
fident that Zubaydah remains mentally competent to tes-
tify about his treatment decades ago. 14 Pointedly, too, the
government states in its letter that it reserves the right to
subject whatever he produces "to a security review" -- all
without indicating what standards it will apply in that "re-
view." Government Letter 3. In the end, then, the govern-
ment's offer seems little more than an offer to let Zubaydah
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 Zubaydah's lawyers represent that they do not know "whether and

to what extent, after years of torture and solitary confinement, he can
still reliably reconstruct this history." Letter from D. Klein, Counsel for
Respondent Abu Zubaydah, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court 2 (Oct. 25, 2021).
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 29

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

say whatever the government chooses to allow him to say.
Then there is this. In response to the government's letter,
Zubaydah's lawyers have lodged their own. In it, as they
have before, they offer a middle way. At the very least,
Zubaydah's lawyers ask this Court to hold off dismissing
this case until we know whether and to what extent the
government will make good on its late-blooming promise.
Letter from D. Klein, Counsel for Respondent Abu
Zubaydah, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court 2 (Oct. 25, 2021). Yet
rather than remand this case to allow the District Court to
supervise that process, the plurality refuses even this pal-
try accommodation. It does so without as much as the cour-
tesy of an explanation.
D
Ultimately, the plurality is forced to give ground. While
it insists that "any" response to Zubaydah's current re-
quests "would inevitably tend to confirm or deny whether
the CIA operated a detention site located in Poland," it goes
out of its way to note that "a different discovery request
filed by Zubaydah might avoid the problems" the plurality
believes exist here. Ante, at 17. In other words, it seems
that Zubaydah remains free to file a new lawsuit seeking
information about his interrogation, treatment, and condi-
tions of confinement as long as he does not ask for location
information where his "need is not great." Id., at 15, 17.
But what is the point of forcing Zubaydah to file a new
lawsuit? Location information is only part of what the
Court of Appeals permitted and Zubaydah seeks. Sepa-
rately, the Court of Appeals allowed Zubaydah's lawyers to
inquire about his interrogation, treatment, and conditions
of confinement. And throughout this litigation, Zubaydah's
lawyers have indicated a willingness to employ any number
of tools to disaggregate that evidence from information that
might reveal the site's location or the involvement of foreign
30 UNITED STATES v. ZUBAYDAH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

nationals. As they put it before the District Court, "[v]alu-
able discovery may proceed without requiring [Mitchell and
Jessen] to confirm either the location of any particular site,
or the cooperation of any particular government." App. to
Pet. for Cert. 42a. As the District Court acknowledged, too,
courts possess substantial authority to "modify or limit the
scope" of any party's discovery requests. Id., at 55a. It is
unfathomable why this Court should ignore that option in
this case and insist on a new one. At worst, the delay may
effectively deny Zubaydah congressionally authorized dis-
covery into admittedly nonprivileged information. At best,
it will prove a pointless formality.
*
In the end, only one argument for dismissing this case at
its outset begins to make sense. It has nothing to do with
speculation that government agents might accidentally
blurt out the word "Poland." It has nothing to do with the
fiction that Zubaydah is free to testify about his experiences
as he wishes. It has nothing to do with fears about courts
being unable to apply familiar tools to disaggregate discov-
ery regarding some issues (location, foreign nationals) from
others (interrogation techniques, treatment, and conditions
of confinement). Really, it seems that the government
wants this suit dismissed because it hopes to impede the
Polish criminal investigation and avoid (or at least delay)
further embarrassment for past misdeeds. Perhaps at one
level this is easy enough to understand. The facts are hard
to face. We know already that our government treated
Zubaydah brutally -- more than 80 waterboarding sessions,
hundreds of hours of live burial, and what it calls "rectal
rehydration." Further evidence along the same lines may
lie in the government's vaults. But as embarrassing as
these facts may be, there is no state secret here. This
Court's duty is to the rule of law and the search for truth.
We should not let shame obscure our vision.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court.
A valid copyright registration provides a copyright holder
with important and sometimes necessary legal advantages.
It is, for example, a prerequisite for bringing a "civil action
for infringement" of the copyrighted work. 17 U. S. C.. Additionally, a plaintiff in an infringement action
normally cannot obtain an award of statutory damages or
attorney's fees for infringement that occurred prior to reg-
istration..
To obtain registration, the author of a work must submit
to the Register of Copyrights a copy of the work and an ap-
plication., 409. The application must provide infor-
mation about the work.. Some of this information is
purely factual, but some of it incorporates legal conclusions.
Ibid. If the Register determines that the work is copyright-
able and meets other statutory requirements, she will issue
a certificate of registration.. The information on
this certificate reflects the information that the copyright
holder provided on the application. Ibid.
Naturally, the information provided on the application
for registration should be accurate. Nevertheless, the Cop-
yright Act provides a safe harbor. It says that a certificate
2 UNICOLORS, INC. v. H&M HENNES & MAURITZ, L. P.

Opinion of the Court

of registration is valid
"regardless of whether the certificate contains any in-
accurate information, unless -- 
"(A) the inaccurate information was included on the
application for copyright registration with knowledge
that it was inaccurate; and
"(B) the inaccuracy of the information, if known,
would have caused the Register of Copyrights to refuse
registration." (1).
The important point for our purposes is that a certificate of
registration is valid even though it contains inaccurate in-
formation, as long as the copyright holder lacked
"knowledge that it was inaccurate." (1)(A).
The question before us concerns the scope of the phrase
"with knowledge that it was inaccurate." The Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit believed that a copyright holder
cannot benefit from the safe harbor and save its copyright
registration from invalidation if its lack of knowledge stems
from a failure to understand the law rather than a failure
to understand the facts. In our view, however, does
not distinguish between a mistake of law and a mistake of
fact. Lack of knowledge of either fact or law can excuse an
inaccuracy in a copyright registration. We therefore vacate
the Court of Appeals' contrary holding.
I
The petitioner here, Unicolors, owns copyrights in vari-
ous fabric designs. App. 50 -- 51. It sued the respondent,
H&M Hennes & Mauritz, L.P. (H&M), for copyright in-
fringement. 959 F. 3d 1194, 1195 (CA9 2020). The jury
found in Unicolors' favor, but H&M asked the trial court to
grant it judgment as a matter of law. Id., at 1196 -- 1197.
H&M argued, among other things, that Unicolors' registra-
tion certificate was invalid (and that therefore Unicolors
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

Opinion of the Court

could not sue for infringement) because it contained inaccu-
rate information. Id., at 1197 -- 1198; see also. Spe-
cifically, H&M argued that Unicolors' registration certifi-
cate was inaccurate because Unicolors had improperly filed
a single application seeking registration for 31 separate
works. App. 91 -- 92, 170 -- 172. H&M relied on a Copyright
Office regulation, which provides that a single registration
can cover multiple works only if those works were "included
in the same unit of publication." Id., at 170 ; 37 CFR.3(b)(4) (2020). H&M argued that the
31 fabric designs covered by Unicolors' single application
(and therefore single registration) had not been published
as a single unit of publication because Unicolors had ini-
tially made some of the designs available for sale exclu-
sively to certain customers, while other designs were imme-
diately available to the general public. App. 170 -- 171.
Because the first statutory requirement for invalidating
Unicolors' registration (a knowing inaccuracy) was satis-
fied, H&M argued, the District Court should move to the
second requirement and ask the Register of Copyrights
whether it would have refused to register Unicolors' copy-
right if it had been aware of the inaccuracy. Id., at 172 -- 
173; see also (1)(B), (b)(2).
The District Court denied H&M's motion. Id., at 202.
Among other things, it noted that "a registration remains
effective despite containing inaccurate information" if the
registrant included the inaccurate information in the regis-
tration application without "knowledge that it was inaccu-
rate." Id., at 180 -- 181.
Because Unicolors did not know that it had failed to satisfy
the "single unit of publication" requirement when it filed its
application, the purported inaccuracy could not invalidate
the registration. Id., at 182.
The Ninth Circuit disagreed. It agreed with H&M that
Unicolors had failed to satisfy the "single unit of publica-
tion" requirement (because it offered some of the 31 designs
4 UNICOLORS, INC. v. H&M HENNES & MAURITZ, L. P.

Opinion of the Court

exclusively to certain customers). 959 F. 3d, at 1198 -- 1200.
But did Unicolors know about this inaccuracy? In the Ninth
Circuit's view, it did not matter whether Unicolors did or
did not know that it had failed to satisfy the "single unit of
publication" requirement. Id., at 1200. That was because,
in the Ninth Circuit's view, the statute excused only good-
faith mistakes of fact, not law. Ibid. And Unicolors had
known the relevant facts, namely, that some of the 31 de-
signs had initially been reserved for certain customers.
Ibid.
Unicolors sought certiorari, asking us to review the Ninth
Circuit's interpretation of (1)(A). We granted the pe-
tition.
II
A brief analogy may help explain the issue we must de-
cide. Suppose that John, seeing a flash of red in a tree, says,
"There is a cardinal." But he is wrong. The bird is not a
cardinal; it is a scarlet tanager. John's statement is inac-
curate. But what kind of mistake has John made?
John may have failed to see the bird's black wings. In
that case, he has made a mistake about the brute facts. Or
John may have seen the bird perfectly well, noting all of its
relevant features, but, not being much of a birdwatcher, he
may not have known that a tanager (unlike a cardinal) has
black wings. In that case, John has made a labeling mis-
take. He saw the bird correctly, but does not know how to
label what he saw. Here, Unicolors' mistake is a mistake of
labeling. But unlike John (who might consult an ornithol-
ogist about the birds), Unicolors must look to judges and
lawyers as experts regarding the proper scope of the label
"single unit of publication." The labeling problem here is
one of law. Does that difference matter here? Cf. United
States v. Fifty-Three (53) Eclectus Parrots, 685 F. 2d 1131,
1137 (CA9 1982). We think it does not.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

Opinion of the Court

Our reasons are straightforward. For one thing, we fol-
low the text of the statute. See Hardt v. Reliance Standard
Life Ins. Co., (2010). Section 411(b)(1)
says that Unicolors' registration is valid "regardless of
whether the [registration] certificate contains any inaccu-
rate information, unless... the inaccurate information was
included on the application for copyright registration with
knowledge that it was inaccurate." Both case law and the
dictionary tell us that "knowledge" has historically "meant
and still means 'the fact or condition of being aware of some-
thing.' " Intel Corp. Investment Policy Comm. v. Sulyma,
589 U. S. ___, ___ (2020) ); see also
Black's Law Dictionary 888 (8th ed. 2004); New Oxford
American Dictionary 938 (def. 2) (2d ed. 2005); Webster's
New College Dictionary 625 (3d ed. 2008).
Unicolors says that, when it submitted its registration
application, it was not aware (as the Ninth Circuit would
later hold) that the 31 designs it was registering together
did not satisfy the "single unit of publication" requirement.
If Unicolors was not aware of the legal requirement that
rendered the information in its application inaccurate, it
did not include that information in its application "with
knowledge that it was inaccurate." (1)(A). Nothing in the statutory language suggests that
this straightforward conclusion should be any different
simply because there was a mistake of law as opposed to a
mistake of fact.
To the contrary, nearby statutory provisions help confirm
that here "knowledge" refers to knowledge of the law as well
as the facts. Registration applications call for information
that requires both legal and factual knowledge. See, e.g.,
(whether a work was made "for hire"); 
(when and where the work was "published"); 
(whether the work is "a compilation or derivative work").
Inaccurate information in a registration is therefore equally
6 UNICOLORS, INC. v. H&M HENNES & MAURITZ, L. P.

Opinion of the Court

(or more) likely to arise from a mistake of law as a mistake
of fact. That is especially true because applicants include
novelists, poets, painters, designers, and others without le-
gal training. Nothing in the statutory language suggests
that Congress wanted to forgive those applicants' factual
but not their (often esoteric) legal mistakes.
Other provisions of the Copyright Act confirm that, in
this context, the word "knowledge" means actual, subjective
awareness of both the facts and the law. Those provisions
suggest that if Congress had intended to impose a scienter
standard other than actual knowledge, it would have said
so explicitly. See, e.g., (safe harbor for entities
that "did not know or have reasonable grounds to know"
that exported works would be used by ineligible persons);
(1)(A) (safe harbor for internet service providers who
are not actually aware of infringing activities on their sys-
tems and are "not aware of facts or circumstances from
which infringing activity is apparent"); (8) (" 'notice
of protection' " requires "actual knowledge... or reasonable
grounds to believe" that a "work is protected"); 
(civil remedies for certain acts performed by a person who
knows or has "reasonable grounds to know" that he or she
was facilitating infringement); (6)(C)(ii) (for pur-
poses of paragraph regarding the "[u]nauthorized use of
pre-1972 sound recordings," "knowing" includes one who
"has actual knowledge," "acts in deliberate ignorance of the
truth or falsity of the information," or "acts in grossly neg-
ligent disregard of the truth or falsity of the information").
The absence of similar language in the statutory provision
before us tends to confirm our conclusion that Congress in-
tended "knowledge" here to bear its ordinary meaning. See
Nken v. Holder, (2009).
For another thing, cases decided before Congress enacted
"overwhelming[ly held] that inadvertent mistakes
on registration certificates [did] not invalidate a copyright
and thus [did] not bar infringement actions." Urantia
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

Opinion of the Court

Foundation v. Maaherra, 114 F. 3d 955, 963 (CA9 1997).
Many of those cases involved mistakes of law. See, e.g., id.,
at 961, 963; Billy-Bob Teeth, Inc. v. Novelty, Inc., 329 F. 3d
586, 591 (CA7 2003); Advisers, Inc. v. Wiesen-Hart, Inc., 238
F. 2d 706, 707 -- 708 (CA6 1956) (per curiam). We can find
no indication that Congress intended to alter this well-es-
tablished rule when it enacted. See Davis v. Mich-
igan Dept. of Treasury, (1989) ("When
Congress codifies a judicially defined concept, it is pre-
sumed, absent an express statement to the contrary, that
Congress intended to adopt the interpretation placed on
that concept by the courts"); see also Kirtsaeng v. John
Wiley & Sons, Inc., (2013) (similar).
Further, those who consider legislative history will find
that history persuasive here. It indicates that Congress en-
acted to make it easier, not more difficult, for
nonlawyers to obtain valid copyright registrations. The
House Report states that its purpose was to "improve intel-
lectual property enforcement in the United States and
abroad." H. R. Rep. No. 110 -- 617, p. 20 (2008). It did so in
part by "eliminating loopholes that might prevent enforce-
ment of otherwise validly registered copyrights." Ibid. The
Report specifically notes that some defendants in copyright
infringement cases had "argued... that a mistake in the
registration documents, such as checking the wrong box on
the registration form, renders a registration invalid and
thus forecloses the availability of statutory damages." Id.,
at 24. Congress intended to deny infringers the ability to
"exploi[t] this potential loophole." Ibid. Of course, an ap-
plicant for a copyright registration -- especially one who is
not a lawyer -- might check the wrong box on the registra-
tion documents as a result of a legal, as well as a factual,
error. Given this history, it would make no sense if 
left copyright registrations exposed to invalidation based on
applicants' good-faith misunderstandings of the details of
copyright law.
8 UNICOLORS, INC. v. H&M HENNES & MAURITZ, L. P.

Opinion of the Court

III
H&M argues that our interpretation of the statute will
make it too easy for copyright holders, by claiming lack of
knowledge, to avoid the consequences of an inaccurate ap-
plication. But courts need not automatically accept a copy-
right holder's claim that it was unaware of the relevant le-
gal requirements of copyright law. We have recognized in
civil cases that willful blindness may support a finding of
actual knowledge. Intel Corp., 589 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 12). Circumstantial evidence, including the sig-
nificance of the legal error, the complexity of the relevant
rule, the applicant's experience with copyright law, and
other such matters, may also lead a court to find that an
applicant was actually aware of, or willfully blind to, legally
inaccurate information. See id., at ___.
H&M also argues that our interpretation is foreclosed by
the legal maxim that "ignorance of the law is no excuse."
See Brief for Respondent 41 -- 43. This maxim "normally ap-
plies where a defendant has the requisite mental state in
respect to the elements of [a] crime but claims to be una-
ware of the existence of a statute proscribing his conduct."
Rehaif v. United States, 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019). It does not apply
in this civil case concerning the scope of a safe harbor that
arises from ignorance of collateral legal requirements. See
ibid.
Finally, H&M claims that neither Unicolors' petition for
certiorari nor the Ninth Circuit's opinion addressed the
question we decide here. The petition, however, asked us
to decide whether a registration may be invalidated under
even though there are no "indicia of fraud... as to
the work at issue in the subject copyright registration." Pet.
for Cert. i. Fraud typically requires "[a] knowing misrepre-
sentation... of a material fact." Black's Law Dictionary
802 (11th ed. 2019). If, as the Ninth Cir-
cuit concluded, (1)(A) does not require "knowledge"
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 9

Opinion of the Court

of legal errors, then it does not always require knowledge of
the misrepresentation in the registration application, and
therefore does not require the typical elements of fraud.
Thus, the "knowledge" question that the parties have ar-
gued, and which we decide, was a "subsidiary question
fairly included" in the petition's question presented. See
this Court's Rule 14.1(a).
As to the decision below, the Ninth Circuit wrote that
"the knowledge inquiry is not whether Unicolors knew that
including a mixture of confined and non-confined designs
would run afoul of the single-unit registration require-
ments; the inquiry is merely whether Unicolors knew that
certain designs included in the registration were confined
and, therefore, were each published separately to exclusive
customers." 959 F. 3d, at 1200. In context, we understand
this statement to hold that Unicolors' "knowledge" of the
facts that produced the inaccuracy was sufficient to demon-
strate its knowledge of the inaccuracy itself under
(1)(A). Unicolors' knowledge of the relevant law was
irrelevant. The Ninth Circuit therefore explicitly addressed
the question we here decide.
* * *
For these reasons, the judgment of the Ninth Circuit is
vacated, and the case is remanded for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

THOMAS, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 915
_________________

UNICOLORS, INC., PETITIONER v.
H&M HENNES & MAURITZ, L. P.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[February 24, 2022]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins, and
with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins as to all but Part II,
dissenting.
A copyright registration is invalid if the registrant in-
cluded materially inaccurate information in its application
"with knowledge that [the information] was inaccurate." 17
U. S. C. (1)(A). In its petition for certiorari, Unicol-
ors asked us to decide a question on which the Courts of
Appeals were split: whether (1)(A)'s "knowledge" el-
ement requires "indicia of fraud." Pet. for Cert. i. Specifi-
cally, Unicolors argued that "knowledge" requires "inten[t]
to defraud the Copyright Office." Id., at 7.
Yet now, after having "persuaded us to grant certiorari
on this issue," Unicolors has "chosen to rely on a different
argument in [its] merits briefing." Visa Inc. v. Osborn, 580
U. S. ___, ___ (2016) (internal punctuation altered). It no
longer argues that (1)(A) requires fraudulent intent
and instead proposes a novel "actual knowledge" standard.
Because I would not reward Unicolors for its legerdemain,
and because no other court had, before today, ever ad-
dressed whether (1)(A) requires "actual knowledge,"
I would dismiss the writ of certiorari as improvidently
granted.
2 UNICOLORS, INC. v. H&M HENNES & MAURITZ, L. P.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

I
We should dismiss this case for the reasons we gave in
City and County of San Francisco v. Sheehan, 
(2015), and Yee v. Escondido, (1992). In
Sheehan, we granted review to resolve a Circuit split and
decide whether the Americans with Disabilities Act re-
quires law enforcement officers to provide reasonable ac-
commodations to armed, violent, and mentally ill criminals
while arresting them. 575 U. S., at 608. But after the peti-
tioners' opening brief "effectively concede[d]" that it may
and pressed a narrower, "qualified" version of the original
argument, id., at 609, we dismissed the case for lack of "ad-
versary presentation" of the question presented, id., at 610.
In Yee, the petitioner raised an argument that was not
clearly pressed or passed upon below, that was not the sub-
ject of a known circuit split, and that, in fact, no court in the
country had squarely addressed before. See 503 U. S., at
534, 537 -- 538. We declined to "be the first court in the Na-
tion" to decide the petitioner's novel legal question. Id., at
538.
These considerations counsel dismissal here. First, Uni-
colors has abandoned the actual question presented and
now presses novel arguments in favor of reversal. We took
this case to resolve an apparent split between the Eleventh
Circuit, which has held that (1)(A) requires "decep-
tive intent," Roberts v. Gordy, 877 F. 3d 1024, 1030 (2017),
and the Ninth Circuit, which held below that "there is no
such intent-to-defraud requirement," 959 F. 3d 1194, 1198
(2020) ). Agreeing
with the Eleventh Circuit, Unicolors argued in its petition
for certiorari that "knowledge" requires "inten[t] to de-
fraud." Pet. for Cert. 7. But now, siding with the Ninth
Circuit, Unicolors contends that a mere "knowing failure"
satisfies (1)(A). Brief for Petitioner 33, 37. The United States, as amicus
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

THOMAS, J., dissenting

supporting Unicolors, agrees. See Brief for United States
as Amicus Curiae 25,. And, obviously, so does H&M.
See Brief for Respondent 1. Thus, no party or amicus before
us supports the Eleventh Circuit's position. Without "ad-
versary presentation" on the actual question presented, we
should dismiss. Sheehan, 575 U. S., at 610.
Second, as in Yee, Unicolors' new merits-stage arguments
present novel legal questions. Unicolors claims that
"knowledge" in (1)(A) is satisfied only by actual
knowledge (i.e., an applicant subjectively knew of an inac-
curacy) rather than actual or constructive knowledge (i.e.,
an applicant should have known of an inaccuracy). It fur-
ther contends that a copyright applicant must actually
know that it is misapplying a legal standard rather than
simply misstating the facts.
It is undisputed that Unicolors raised neither point be-
low. It is also undisputed that there is no circuit split on
either of Unicolors' new arguments. And it is clear that the
Court of Appeals did not meaningfully consider these ques-
tions. It said nothing about actual versus constructive
knowledge, see 959 F. 3d, at 1200, and it merely implied, in
a cursory sentence, that (1)(A) requires knowledge
of facts and not law, see ante, at 9.
Other than this halfway relevant and completely unrea-
soned statement, the Court cites no other opinion from any
court that interprets (1)(A). Thus, we are the "first
court in the Nation" to decide the important questions that
Unicolors belatedly presents. Yee, 503 U. S., at 538. I
would decline the invitation to take that imprudent step.
The Court disputes none of this. Instead, it reasons that
Unicolors' new arguments are " 'fairly included' " in the
question presented because, even though Unicolors origi-
nally proposed a fraud standard, it now argues for at least
an element of that standard: actual knowledge of a misrep-
resentation. Ante, at 9 ).
The Court misapplies Rule 14.1(a). An argument is
4 UNICOLORS, INC. v. H&M HENNES & MAURITZ, L. P.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

"fairly included" only if it raises a "prior question." Lebron
v. National Railroad Passenger Corporation, (1995). That is, resolving the new argument must be
"a predicate to an intelligent resolution of the question pre-
sented." Ohio v. Robinette, (1996). Here, to decide whether
(1)(A) requires fraud, we do not first need to decide
what kind of knowledge fraud requires. To the contrary, it
makes more sense to establish the correct legal standard
before deciding what satisfies its elements. Cf. Manuel v.
Joliet, 580 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___, (2017) ( -- 3,
) (ALITO, J., dissenting). This case proves the point:
Unicolors effectively concedes that (1)(A) has no
fraudulent-intent requirement and then asks us to hold
that the provision nevertheless requires actual rather than
constructive knowledge, and knowledge of legal and factual
misstatements rather than knowledge of factual misstate-
ments alone. Evidently, Unicolors can discern whether the
statute requires fraud without addressing those questions.
Likewise, the Ninth Circuit has held that (1)(A) does
not require fraud based on its "plain language." Gold Value,
925 F. 3d, at 1147. In reaching that conclusion, the Court
of Appeals did not address the actual-versus-constructive-
knowledge issue, and it reserved the law-versus-fact issue.
See ibid. In short, deciding whether (1)(A) requires
a particular element of fraud is not "prior" to deciding
whether fraud is the proper standard in the first place.
But even if Unicolors' arguments were "prior" questions,
the Court still misapplies Rule 14.1(a). We are free to ad-
dress "subsidiary question[s]" in deciding "any question pre-
sented." This Court's Rule 14.1(a). Put
another way, the subsidiary questions must be "inextrica-
bly linked" to the question under review and necessarily
contribute to that question's resolution. City of Sherrill v.
Oneida Indian Nation of N. Y., (2005). Here, though, the Court never answers the ultimate
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

THOMAS, J., dissenting

question about fraud. To provide an incomplete answer to
the question presented disserves the public and our fellow
judges. The Court does not decide the question that has
split the Courts of Appeals, but instead decides a question
that no court has addressed. And by granting review of one
question but answering another, we encourage litigants "to
seek review of a circuit conflict only then to change the
question to one that seems more favorable." Czyzewski v.
Jevic Holding Corp., 580 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) (THOMAS, J.,
dissenting) ; see also Yee, 503 U. S., at 536
(parties would be "encouraged to fill their limited briefing
space and argument time with discussion of issues other
than the one on which certiorari was granted"). The result
is muddled briefing on questions we did not agree to re-
solve, and a ruling that bypasses the ordinary process of
appellate review.
II
In this case, the Court's misstep comes at considerable
cost. A requirement to know the law is ordinarily satisfied
by constructive knowledge, cf. Jerman v. Carlisle, McNellie,
Rini, Kramer & Ulrich, L. P. A., (2010),
because "actual knowledge of illegality" can be "difficult or
impossible" to prove, Ratzlaf v. United States, (1994) (Blackmun, J., dissenting). Yet here, the
Court imposes an actual-knowledge-of-law standard that is
virtually unprecedented except in criminal tax enforce-
ment. See Cheek v. United States, -- 203
(1991). And while the Court claims the word "knowledge"
in (1)(A) compels this conclusion, see ante, at 5, that
result is far from certain. In Cheek, this Court required ac-
tual knowledge of law in light of a "willfulness" require-
ment. 498 U. S., at 201 -- 202. A "knowledge" requirement,
by contrast, often encompasses actual and constructive
knowledge. See Intel Corp. Investment Policy Comm. v.
Sulyma, 589 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2020) ( -- 7).
6 UNICOLORS, INC. v. H&M HENNES & MAURITZ, L. P.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Moreover, as the Court recognizes, the other knowledge re-
quirements in the Copyright Act are satisfied by either kind
of knowledge. See ante, at 6. The Court points to no other
Copyright Act provision that is satisfied by actual
knowledge alone. That the Court reads (1)(A) to be
the lone exception is dubious. That the Court does so with-
out permitting any other court in the country to first con-
sider the question is unwise.
* * *
I would dismiss the writ of certiorari as improvidently
granted because Unicolors has abandoned the question pre-
sented and instead proposes novel questions of copyright
law that no other court addressed before today. I respect-
fully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting from denial of mandamus.
In Whole Woman's Health v. Jackson, 595 U. S. ___
(2021), this Court was clear. We said: "[E]ight Justices hold
this case may proceed past the motion to dismiss stage
against Mr. Carlton, Ms. Thomas, Ms. Benz, and Ms.
Young," the state licensing-official defendants. Id., at ___. When the mandate issued, I had thought
that the Court of Appeals would quickly remand the case to
the District Court so that it could reach the merits and en-
ter relief consistent with our ruling. After all,
"[w]hatever was before the Court, and is disposed of, is
considered as finally settled. The inferior court is
bound by the decree as the law of the case; and must
carry it into execution, according to the mandate. They
cannot vary it, or examine it for any other purpose than
execution; or give any other or further relief; or review
it upon any matter decided on appeal for error appar-
ent; or intermeddle with it, further than to settle so
much as has been remanded." Sibbald v. United
States, 12 Pet. 488, 492 (1838).
Instead, the Court of Appeals ignored our judgment. It
kept the case and certified questions about the licensing-
official defendants to the Texas Supreme Court. See Whole
Woman's Health v. Jackson, 2022 WL 142193, ___ F. 4th
___ (CA5 2022). As a result, an unconstitutional 6-week
abortion ban remains in effect in Texas -- as it has for over
2 IN RE WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH

BREYER, J., dissenting

four months. For these reasons, as elaborated by JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR, I would grant the writ petitioners seek.
I respectfully dissent.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
IN RE WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH, ET AL.
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS
No. 21 -- 962. Decided January 20, 2022

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE BREYER and
JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting from denial of mandamus.
It has been over four months since Texas Senate Bill 8
(S. B. 8) took effect. The law immediately devastated access
to abortion care in Texas through a complicated private-
bounty-hunter scheme that violates nearly 50 years of this
Court's precedents. Today, for the fourth time, this Court
declines to protect pregnant Texans from egregious viola-
tions of their constitutional rights.1 One month after direct-
ing that the petitioners' suit could proceed in part, the
Court countenances yet another violation of its own com-
mands. Instead of stopping a Fifth Circuit panel from in-
dulging Texas' newest delay tactics, the Court allows the
State yet again to extend the deprivation of the federal con-
stitutional rights of its citizens through procedural manip-
ulation. The Court may look the other way, but I cannot.
I
S. B. 8 amounts to a ban on abortion care after six weeks
from the last menstrual period, before many women realize
they are pregnant. See Whole Woman's Health v. Jackson,
594 U. S. ___, ___ (2021) (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting) (Whole Woman's Health I). The law authorizes
any person -- regardless of relationship (or lack thereof ) to
the woman, provider, or procedure at issue -- to sue, for at
least $10,000, anyone who provides abortion care, assists in
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See Whole Woman's Health v. Jackson, 595 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2021)

(SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting); United States v. Texas, 595 U. S. ___, ___ -- 
___ (2021) (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting); Whole Woman's Health v. Jack-
son, 594 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2021) (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting).
2 IN RE WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the provision of such care, or intends to assist in the provi-
sion of such care after embryonic cardiac activity is detect-
able. See Whole Woman's Health v. Jackson, 595 U. S. ___,
___ -- ___ (2021) (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting) ( -- 
3) (Whole Woman's Health II). This structure was designed
to make it more complicated for courts to enjoin the law's
enforcement on a statewide basis. See Whole Woman's
Health I, 594 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 3). To maxim-
ize the burden of being sued, S. B. 8 also modifies the de-
fault rules of procedure to an extraordinary extent. See
Whole Woman's Health II, 595 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 4).
The petitioners, abortion providers and advocates, chal-
lenged S. B. 8 in the Western District of Texas. The defend-
ants, including several state medical licensing officials,
moved to dismiss the case. After this Court twice declined
to block S. B. 8 from taking effect, it granted certiorari be-
fore judgment to decide whether the case could proceed.
Whole Woman's Health v. Jackson, 595 U. S. ___ (2021).
"[S]tand[ing] in the shoes of the Court of Appeals," this
Court "review[ed] the defendants' appeals challenging the
District Court's order denying their motions to dismiss."
Whole Woman's Health II, 595 U. S., at ___ (opinion of the
Court). The Court held suit could not proceed
against some defendants. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 11).
However, "eight Justices h[eld] th[e] case may proceed past
the motion to dismiss stage against" the licensing officials,
who had authority to enforce S. B. 8 for purposes of the mo-
tion to dismiss stage. Id., at ___.
The eight Justices who "agree[d]" on this point, id., at ___
(ROBERTS, C. J., concurring in judgment in part and dis-
senting in part), also made plain that the lit-
igation must continue apace. Four wrote that "the District
Court should resolve this litigation and enter appropriate
relief without delay." Ibid. The other four stressed the "ex-
traordinary solicitude" they had given the case. Id., at ___,
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(opinion of the Court) (, ). And they
emphasized that any dispute among the eight Justices
"[wa]sn't really about whether this case should proceed,"
but "about which particular defendants the petitioners may
sue." Id., at ___, (, ). Soon after,
JUSTICE GORSUCH granted the petitioners' application to is-
sue the judgment forthwith, rather than waiting the stand-
ard 25 days.2
After this Court issued its judgment, however, the litiga-
tion stalled. The Fifth Circuit should have immediately re-
manded this case to the District Court, allowing it to con-
sider whether to issue preliminary relief. But Texas moved
to certify to the Supreme Court of Texas the question this
Court had just decided: whether state licensing officials had
authority under state law to enforce S. B. 8. Texas never
asked the Fifth Circuit to certify this question during its
first pass through that court, nor did it ever ask this Court
to do so. Even so, a Fifth Circuit panel indulged the request
by scheduling oral argument. Judge Higginson dissented
from the court's decision to do so, explaining that he "d[id]
not read the Supreme Court's judgment, especially in a case
of this magnitude and acceleration, to countenance such de-
lay." Whole Woman's Health v. Jackson, No. 21 -- 50792
(Dec. 27, 2021), p. 1.
On January 3, 2022, the petitioners requested a writ of
mandamus from this Court ordering the panel below to re-
mand the case to the District Court. At argument before
the Fifth Circuit four days later, one judge on the panel
raised the notion that because this Court is considering a
challenge to Roe v. Wade, (1973), the panel
could "just sit on this until the end of June" rather than
fulfill its obligation to apply existing precedent. Recording
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The petitioners also asked the Court to remand the case directly to

the District Court, skipping over the Court of Appeals, but they did not
identify any previous case in which this Court had done so, nor any au-
thority under which this Court could have done so.
4 IN RE WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

of Oral Arg. in No. 21 -- 50792 (CA5, Jan. 7, 2022), at 37:40 -- 
38:17.
Ten days after argument, before this Court had taken any
action on the mandamus petition, the panel granted Texas'
request for certification. See Whole Woman's Health v.
Jackson, 2022 WL 142193, *2, ___ F. 4th ___, ___ (CA5
2022). The majority professed that "the issues before [it]
[we]re not about abortion," and it deemed certification war-
ranted primarily because the plurality and the solo dissent
in Whole Woman's Health II had expressed some uncer-
tainty as to the best reading of state law. 2022 WL 142193,
*1 -- *3. Judge Higginson dissented again. He emphasized
that the delay inherent in certification was inconsistent
with this Court's mandate. Id., at *6. He added that the
panel's decision to certify "effectively t[old] the Court that
its opinion was advisory"; explained that Texas' request
was untimely; and concluded that the panel's decision gave
Texas a second bite at a reading of state law that the Fifth
Circuit had previously adopted, but this Court had rejected.
Id., at *7.
II
The panel's actions on remand clearly defy this Court's
judgment for the reasons ably explained by Judge Hig-
ginson. This Court could, and should, have granted a writ
of mandamus ordering the panel below to withdraw certifi-
cation and remand to the District Court. Mandamus relief
is an "extraordinary remedy" appropriate for the "excep-
tional circumstances" now before this Court, where a lower
court's failure to follow this Court's clear dictates has left
petitioners with "no other adequate means" to enforce their
"clear and indisputable" rights. Cheney v. United States
Dist. Court for D. C., -- 381 (2004) (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted).
After this Court resolved the appeal, there was no defen-
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sible basis for the Fifth Circuit panel to delay the resump-
tion of proceedings in the District Court. Of course, "Texas
courts and not this one are the final arbiters of the meaning
of state statutory directions." Whole Woman's Health II,
595 U. S., at ___ (opinion of GORSUCH, J.).
And, in appropriate cases and upon timely request, certifi-
cation is a valuable tool. It was not appropriate or timely
here. This Court had already "h[e]ld th[e] case may proceed
past the motion to dismiss stage" against the licensing offi-
cials based on the arguments before it. Id., at ___. Texas, meanwhile, never asked for certification of
the question at any point before this Court decided it, de-
spite being on notice from the moment suit was filed that
the scope of the licensing officials' state-law duties would be
at issue. Neither Texas nor the panel identify a single case
in which a lower federal court has certified a question in
such a posture. Under the circumstances at hand, Texas'
belated request was a transparent effort to impede adjudi-
cation of the merits of the petitioners' claims. By blessing
this tactic, the panel ignored this Court's clear message
that this case should proceed -- and proceed expeditiously.
Nevertheless, the Court now denies mandamus relief.
This decision is especially troubling in view of the panel's
misreading of Whole Woman's Health II. As to the licensing
officials, the eight-Justice majority agreed: Suit could "pro-
ceed past the motion to dismiss stage" because, based on the
arguments presented, the licensing officials had sufficient
authority to enforce S. B. 8. Ibid.; see also id., at ___ (opin-
ion of ROBERTS, C. J.) ("agree[ing]" and citing
the state statute on which the principal opinion had relied).
Despite this express consensus, the panel incorrectly in-
sisted that there was "no majority rationale." 2022 WL
142193, *3. Straying further still, the panel described itself
as "bound" in part by the views of the lone dissent on this
6 IN RE WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

point. Ibid.3
This Court should not accept such an egregious distortion
of its decision. I would grant the writ.
III
Contrary to the assertions of the panel below, this case is
about abortion. As evidence, one need only note the judge
below's musings about sitting on the case until this Court
decides the pending challenge to Roe. Indeed, the entire S.
B. 8 scheme employs technical entanglements specifically
to smother the federal right to choose. Because our prece-
dents are clear that Texas cannot directly ban abortion be-
fore viability, the state legislature enacted a convoluted law
that instills terror in those who assist women exercising
their rights between 6 and 24 weeks. State officials knew
that the fear and confusion caused by this legal-procedural
labyrinth would restrict citizens from accessing constitu-
tionally protected medical care, providers from offering it,
and federal courts from restoring it. The dilatory tactics to
which this Court accedes today are consistent with, and
part of, this scheme.
I dissented in Whole Woman's Health II because the
Court's dismissal of the most important portions of the pe-
titioners' claims, beyond being unfaithful to our precedents,
left all manner of constitutional rights vulnerable to nulli-
fication. 595 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 13). I ex-
plained that the Court had "clear[ed] the way for States to
reprise and perfect Texas' scheme in the future" in order to
target this and other rights with impunity. Id., at ___ (slip
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The panel also emphasized that this Court issued its judgment to the

Fifth Circuit rather than the District Court after Texas first disclosed its
intent to seek certification. Whole Woman's Health v. Jackson, 2022 WL
142193, *2, ___ F. 4th ___, ___ (CA5 2022). As explained, however, the
petitioners cited no authority under which this Court could remand di-
rectly to the District Court. Even if they had, a summary order from one
Justice would not give a lower court license to dismiss a holding of this
Court.
 Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2022) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

op., at 12). I refrained, however, from criticizing the effi-
cacy of any relief stemming from the limited slice of this
particular case that the Court allowed to proceed. I hoped
that even with the case narrowed, the District Court could
enter some mitigating relief, though not the complete relief
to which I believed the petitioners were entitled.
I was wrong. Today's decision shows that any hope that
Whole Woman's Health II might protect the Constitution's
guarantees in this case was illusory. As it turns out, Texas
did not even have to amend its law to sidestep the minimal
relief this Court left available. Instead, Texas wagered that
this Court did not mean what little it said in Whole
Woman's Health II or, at least, that this Court would not
stand behind those words, meager as they were. That bet
has paid off. Despite this Court's protestations over the "ex-
traordinary solicitude" it gave this case and the narrowness
of any dispute, it accepts yet another dilatory tactic by
Texas. As a result, the District Court will remain powerless
to address S. B. 8's unconstitutional chill on abortion care,
likely for months to come.
This case is a disaster for the rule of law and a grave dis-
service to women in Texas, who have a right to control their
own bodies. I will not stand by silently as a State continues
to nullify this constitutional guarantee. I dissent.

============================================================

Cite as: 595 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

Statement of BREYER, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
CARL WAYNE BUNTION v. BOBBY LUMPKIN,
DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL
JUSTICE, CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTIONS DIVISION
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
No. 20 -- 8043. Decided October 4, 2021

The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.
Statement of JUSTICE BREYER respecting the denial of
certiorari.
Carl Wayne Buntion was convicted of capital murder in
Texas and sentenced to death in 1991. App. to Pet. for Cert.
18. Because his original sentencing was unconstitutional,
he was granted a resentencing and again sentenced to
death in 2012. Id., at 18 -- 21. He has now been on death
row under threat of execution for 30 years. He tells us that
he has spent the last 20 of those years in solitary confine-
ment, isolated in his cell for 23 hours a day. Pet. for Cert.
1. He further tells us that, at age 77, he is now the oldest
prisoner on Texas' death row. Ibid. Texas does not dispute
these facts. Buntion now asks the Court to consider
whether execution after such an extended delay is cruel and
unusual in violation of the Eighth Amendment.
I recognize the procedural obstacles that make it difficult
for the Court to grant certiorari in Buntion's case. I write,
however, to underscore how this case illustrates the prob-
lems with the death penalty that I identified in my dissent-
ing opinion in Glossip v. Gross, (2015),
and in a number of other cases since then, see, e.g., Hamm
v. Dunn, 583 U. S. ___ (2018) (statement respecting denial
of application for stay and denial of certiorari); Smith v.
Ryan, 581 U. S. ___ (2017) (statement respecting denial of
certiorari). I continue to believe that excessive delay both
2 BUNTION v. LUMPKIN

Statement of BREYER, J.

"undermines the death penalty's penological rationale" and
is "in and of itself... especially cruel because it 'subjects
death row inmates to decades of especially severe, dehu-
manizing conditions of confinement.' " Glossip, supra, at
925. The Court has previously recognized that the uncer-
tainty of waiting in prison under the threat of execution,
even for a span of just four weeks, is "one of the most horri-
ble feelings to which [a person] can be subjected." In re
Medley, (1890). On top of that, solitary
confinement bears " 'a further terror and peculiar mark of
infamy.' " Id., at 170; see also Davis v. Ayala, (2015) (Kennedy, J., concurring) ("Years on end of near-
total isolation exact a terrible price"). Buntion has now
been subjected to those conditions for decades. His lengthy
confinement, and the confinement of others like him, calls
into question the constitutionality of the death penalty
and reinforces the need for this Court, or other courts, to
consider that question in an appropriate case.

============================================================

CHIEF JUSTICE ROBERTS, with whom JUSTICE BREYER
and JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting.
The statutory scheme before the Court is not only unu-
sual, but unprecedented. The legislature has imposed a
prohibition on abortions after roughly six weeks, and then
essentially delegated enforcement of that prohibition to the
populace at large. The desired consequence appears to be
to insulate the State from responsibility for implementing
and enforcing the regulatory regime.
The State defendants argue that they cannot be re-
strained from enforcing their rules because they do not en-
force them in the first place. I would grant preliminary re-
lief to preserve the status quo ante -- before the law went
into effect -- so that the courts may consider whether a state
can avoid responsibility for its laws in such a manner. De-
fendants argue that existing doctrines preclude judicial in-
tervention, and they may be correct. See California v.
Texas, 593 U. S. ___, ___ (2021). But the con-
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

sequences of approving the state action, both in this partic-
ular case and as a model for action in other areas, counsel
at least preliminary judicial consideration before the pro-
gram devised by the State takes effect.
We are at this point asked to resolve these novel ques-
tions -- at least preliminarily -- in the first instance, in the
course of two days, without the benefit of consideration by
the District Court or Court of Appeals. We are also asked
to do so without ordinary merits briefing and without oral
argument. These questions are particularly difficult, in-
cluding for example whether the exception to sovereign im-
munity recognized in Ex parte Young, (1908),
should extend to state court judges in circumstances such
as these.
I would accordingly preclude enforcement of S. B. 8 by the
respondents to afford the District Court and the Court of
Appeals the opportunity to consider the propriety of judicial
action and preliminary relief pending consideration of the
plaintiffs' claims.
Although the Court denies the applicants' request for
emergency relief today, the Court's order is emphatic in
making clear that it cannot be understood as sustaining the
constitutionality of the law at issue. But although the
Court does not address the constitutionality of this law, it
can of course promptly do so when that question is properly
presented. At such time the question could be decided after
full briefing and oral argument, with consideration of
whether interim relief is appropriate should enforcement of
the law be allowed below.
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

BREYER, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 21A24
_________________

WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH ET AL. v. AUSTIN REEVE
JACKSON, JUDGE, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF
[September 1, 2021]

JUSTICE BREYER, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting.
The procedural posture of this case leads a majority of
this Court to deny the applicants' request for provisional
relief. In my view, however, we should grant that request.
I agree with THE CHIEF JUSTICE, JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR,
and JUSTICE KAGAN. Texas's law delegates to private indi-
viduals the power to prevent a woman from obtaining an
abortion during the first stage of pregnancy. But a woman
has a federal constitutional right to obtain an abortion dur-
ing that first stage. Planned Parenthood of Southeastern
Pa. v. Casey, (1992); Roe v. Wade, (1973). And a "State cannot delegate... a
veto power [over the right to obtain an abortion] which the
state itself is absolutely and totally prohibited from exercis-
ing during the first trimester of pregnancy." Planned
Parenthood of Central Mo. v. Danforth, 
(1976). Indeed, we have
made clear that "since the State cannot regulate or pro-
scribe abortion during the first stage... the State cannot
delegate authority to any particular person... to prevent
abortion during that same period." Ibid. The applicants
persuasively argue that Texas's law does precisely that.
The very bringing into effect of Texas's law may well
threaten the applicants with imminent and serious harm.
One of the clinic applicants has stated on its website that
2 WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH v. JACKSON

BREYER, J., dissenting

"[d]ue to Texas' SB 8 law," it is "unable to provide abortion
procedures at this time." Planned Parenthood South Texas,
https: //www.plannedparenthood.org / planned- parenthood-
south-texas. And the applicants, with supporting affida-
vits, claim that clinics will be unable to run the financial
and other risks that come from waiting for a private person
to sue them under the Texas law; they will simply close,
depriving care to more than half the women seeking abor-
tions in Texas clinics. See, e.g., App. to Application 105,
148 -- 150, 178 -- 179. We have permitted those whom a law
threatens with constitutional harm to bring pre-enforce-
ment challenges to the law where the harm is less serious
and the threat of enforcement less certain than the harm
(and the threat) here. See Virginia v. American Booksellers
Assn., Inc., -- 393 (1988); Babbitt v. Farm
Workers, (1979); see also Susan B. An-
thony List v. Driehaus, (2014) (finding
substantial threat of future enforcement where statute per-
mits " 'any person' " to file a complaint and "the universe of
potential complainants is not restricted").
I recognize that Texas's law delegates the State's power
to prevent abortions not to one person (such as a district
attorney) or to a few persons (such as a group of government
officials or private citizens) but to any person. But I do not
see why that fact should make a critical legal difference.
That delegation still threatens to invade a constitutional
right, and the coming into effect of that delegation still
threatens imminent harm. Normally, where a legal right is
" 'invaded,' " the law provides " 'a legal remedy by suit or ac-
tion at law.' " Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch 137, 163 (1803). It should
prove possible to apply procedures adequate to that task
here, perhaps by permitting lawsuits against a subset of
delegatees (say, those particularly likely to exercise the del-
egated powers), or perhaps by permitting lawsuits against
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

BREYER, J., dissenting

officials whose actions are necessary to implement the stat-
ute's enforcement powers. There may be other not-very-
new procedural bottles that can also adequately hold what
is, in essence, very old and very important legal wine: The
ability to ask the Judiciary to protect an individual from the
invasion of a constitutional right -- an invasion that threat-
ens immediate and serious injury.
As THE CHIEF JUSTICE writes, this Court should not per-
mit the law to take effect without assuring the applicants
(and the respondents) an opportunity first and fully to
make (or to refute) these and other arguments supporting
the request for an injunction.
For these reasons, and for the reasons stated by THE
CHIEF JUSTICE, JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, and JUSTICE KAGAN,
I dissent.
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 21A24
_________________

WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH ET AL. v. AUSTIN REEVE
JACKSON, JUDGE, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF
[September 1, 2021]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE BREYER and
JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting.
The Court's order is stunning. Presented with an appli-
cation to enjoin a flagrantly unconstitutional law engi-
neered to prohibit women from exercising their constitu-
tional rights and evade judicial scrutiny, a majority of
Justices have opted to bury their heads in the sand. Last
night, the Court silently acquiesced in a State's enactment
of a law that flouts nearly 50 years of federal precedents.
Today, the Court belatedly explains that it declined to grant
relief because of procedural complexities of the State's own
invention. Ante, at 1. Because the Court's failure to act
rewards tactics designed to avoid judicial review and in-
flicts significant harm on the applicants and on women
seeking abortions in Texas, I dissent.
In May 2021, the Texas Legislature enacted S. B. 8 (the
Act). The Act, which took effect statewide at midnight on
September 1, makes it unlawful for physicians to perform
abortions if they either detect cardiac activity in an embryo
or fail to perform a test to detect such activity. (to be
codified at Tex. Health & Safety Code Ann..201(1),
171.204(a) (West 2021)). This equates to a near-categorical
ban on abortions beginning six weeks after a woman's last
menstrual period, before many women realize they are
pregnant, and months before fetal viability. According to
the applicants, who are abortion providers and advocates in
2 WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH v. JACKSON

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Texas, the Act immediately prohibits care for at least 85%
of Texas abortion patients and will force many abortion
clinics to close.
The Act is clearly unconstitutional under existing prece-
dents. See, e.g., June Medical Servs. L. L. C. v. Russo, 591
U. S. ___, ___ (2020) (ROBERTS, C. J., concurring in judg-
ment) (explaining that "the State may not
impose an undue burden on the woman's ability to obtain
an abortion" of a "nonviable fetus", and Planned Parenthood of Southeastern
Pa. v. Casey, (1992); internal quotation marks
omitted)). The respondents do not even try to argue other-
wise. Nor could they: No federal appellate court has upheld
such a comprehensive prohibition on abortions before via-
bility under current law.
The Texas Legislature was well aware of this binding
precedent. To circumvent it, the Legislature took the ex-
traordinary step of enlisting private citizens to do what the
State could not. The Act authorizes any private citizen to
file a lawsuit against any person who provides an abortion
in violation of the Act, "aids or abets" such an abortion (in-
cluding by paying for it) regardless of whether they know
the abortion is prohibited under the Act, or even intends to
engage in such conduct. (to be codified at Tex. Health &
Safety Code Ann..208). Courts are required to enjoin
the defendant from engaging in these actions in the future
and to award the private-citizen plaintiff at least $10,000
in "statutory damages" for each forbidden abortion per-
formed or aided by the defendant. Ibid. In effect, the Texas
Legislature has deputized the State's citizens as bounty
hunters, offering them cash prizes for civilly prosecuting
their neighbors' medical procedures.
The Legislature fashioned this scheme because federal
constitutional challenges to state laws ordinarily are
brought against state officers who are in charge of enforcing
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the law. See, e.g., Virginia Office for Protection and Advo-
cacy v. Stewart, (2011) ). By prohibiting state officers
from enforcing the Act directly and relying instead on citi-
zen bounty hunters, the Legislature sought to make it more
complicated for federal courts to enjoin the Act on a
statewide basis.
Taken together, the Act is a breathtaking act of defi-
ance -- of the Constitution, of this Court's precedents, and of
the rights of women seeking abortions throughout Texas.
But over six weeks after the applicants filed suit to prevent
the Act from taking effect, a Fifth Circuit panel abruptly
stayed all proceedings before the District Court and vacated
a preliminary injunction hearing that was scheduled to
begin on Monday. The applicants requested emergency re-
lief from this Court, but the Court said nothing. The Act
took effect at midnight last night.*
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* The Court's inaction has had immediate impact. Two hours before

the Act took effect, one applicant reported that its waiting rooms were
" 'filled with patients" ' urgently seeking care while " 'protesters [we]re
outside, shining lights on the parking [lot].' " De Vogue, Texas 6-Week
Abortion Ban Takes Effect after Supreme Court Inaction, CNN (Sept. 1,
2021), www.cnn.com/2021/09/01/politics/texas-abortion-supreme-court-
sb8-roe-wade/index.html. Then, at midnight, the Act became law, and
many abortion providers, including applicants, ceased providing abortion
care after more than six weeks from a woman's last menstrual period
(LMP). See, e.g., Alamo Women's Reproductive Care (Sept. 1, 2021),
https://alamowomensclinic.com ("We cannot provide abortion services to
anyone with detectable embryonic or fetal cardiac activity[,] which is typ-
ically found at 6 weeks or more from last menstrual period"); Southwest-
ern Women's Surgery Center (Sept. 1, 2021), https://southwesternwom-
ens.com/southwestern-womens-surgery-center-dallas-texas/ ("In
compliance with Texas Senate Bill 8 of 2021, starting on September 1st
2021, our facility cannot provide abortions to patients with detectible em-
bryonic or fetal cardiac activity, which typically starts at 6 weeks LMP").
Since then, at least one applicant has stopped providing abortions en-
tirely. Planned Parenthood South Texas (Sept. 1, 2021),
https://www.plannedparenthood.org/planned-parenthood-south-texas
("Due to Texas' SB 8 law, we are unable to provide abortion procedures
4 WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH v. JACKSON

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Today, the Court finally tells the Nation that it declined
to act because, in short, the State's gambit worked. The
structure of the State's scheme, the Court reasons, raises
"complex and novel antecedent procedural questions" that
counsel against granting the application, ante, at 1, just as
the State intended. This is untenable. It cannot be the case
that a State can evade federal judicial scrutiny by outsourc-
ing the enforcement of unconstitutional laws to its citi-
zenry. Moreover, the District Court held this case justicia-
ble in a thorough and well-reasoned opinion after weeks of
briefing and consideration. 2021 WL 3821062, *8 -- *26 (WD
Tex., Aug. 25, 2021). At a minimum, this Court should have
stayed implementation of the Act to allow the lower courts
to evaluate these issues in the normal course. Ante, at 2
(ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting). Instead, the Court has re-
warded the State's effort to delay federal review of a plainly
unconstitutional statute, enacted in disregard of the
Court's precedents, through procedural entanglements of
the State's own creation.
The Court should not be so content to ignore its constitu-
tional obligations to protect not only the rights of women,
but also the sanctity of its precedents and of the rule of law.
I dissent.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
at this time").
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

KAGAN, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 21A24
_________________

WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH ET AL. v. AUSTIN REEVE
JACKSON, JUDGE, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF
[September 1, 2021]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE BREYER and
JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR join, dissenting.
Without full briefing or argument, and after less than 72
hours' thought, this Court greenlights the operation of
Texas's patently unconstitutional law banning most abor-
tions. The Court thus rewards Texas's scheme to insulate
its law from judicial review by deputizing private parties to
carry out unconstitutional restrictions on the State's behalf.
As of last night, and because of this Court's ruling, Texas
law prohibits abortions for the vast majority of women who
seek them -- in clear, and indeed undisputed, conflict with
Roe and Casey.
Today's ruling illustrates just how far the Court's
"shadow-docket" decisions may depart from the usual prin-
ciples of appellate process. That ruling, as everyone must
agree, is of great consequence. Yet the majority has acted
without any guidance from the Court of Appeals -- which is
right now considering the same issues. It has reviewed only
the most cursory party submissions, and then only hastily.
And it barely bothers to explain its conclusion -- that a chal-
lenge to an obviously unconstitutional abortion regulation
backed by a wholly unprecedented enforcement scheme is
unlikely to prevail. In all these ways, the majority's deci-
sion is emblematic of too much of this Court's shadow-
docket decisionmaking -- which every day becomes more un-
2 WHOLE WOMAN'S HEALTH v. JACKSON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

reasoned, inconsistent, and impossible to defend. I respect-
fully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting from grant of application
for injunctive relief.
The New York Legislature has passed two laws regulat-
ing evictions during the COVID -- 19 pandemic. The first is
the Tenant Safe Harbor Act, which provides tenants who
have "suffered a financial hardship during the COVID -- 19
covered period" with a defense in eviction proceedings.
2020 N. Y. Laws ch. 127,.2.(a) (McKinney). The second
is the COVID -- 19 Emergency Eviction and Foreclosure Pre-
vention Act of 2020 (CEEFPA). CEEFPA simplifies the pro-
cess for tenants to invoke financial hardship during the
pandemic as a defense to eviction. Tenants who wish to as-
sert the defense must provide a sworn attestation stating
that they are experiencing financial hardship or health im-
pacts as a result of the pandemic. 2020 N. Y. Laws ch. 381,
pt. A,. The attestation pauses eviction proceedings until
the time that CEEFPA expires, namely the end of August
2021., 4, 6, 8; 2021 N. Y. Laws ch. 104 (establishing
CEEFPA's August 31, 2021, expiration date). Pending evic-
tion proceedings are stayed, new eviction proceedings can-
not be filed, and outstanding eviction warrants cannot be
executed until that date. 2020 N. Y. Laws ch. 381, pt. A, 4, 6, 8. Eviction proceedings may resume after August
31, 2021.
Only CEEFPA is before us. Applicants, five New York
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

BREYER, J., dissenting

landlords and one landlords' association, seek an "extraor-
dinary" form of relief: "an injunction against enforcement of
a presumptively constitutional state legislative act," Re-
spect Maine PAC v. McKee, (2010), in circum-
stances where the request for an injunction was denied in
the lower courts, and the court of appeals has yet to issue a
substantive ruling. Moreover, the challenged law will ex-
pire in less than three weeks. Under these circumstances,
such drastic relief would only be appropriate if "the legal
rights at issue [we]re indisputably clear and, even then,
sparingly and only in the most critical and exigent circum-
stances." South Bay United Pentecostal Church v. Newsom,
590 U. S. ___, ___ (2020) (ROBERTS, C. J., concurring). I conclude
that this strict standard is not met here, for three reasons.
First, the legal rights at issue in this case are not "indis-
putably clear." Applicants argue that CEEFPA denies
landlords due process of law because once a tenant submits
an attestation of financial hardship, evictions cannot pro-
ceed and the landlord cannot challenge the tenant's claim
of hardship, for example, in court. Respondent argues, how-
ever, that the law is best viewed not as a deprivation of the
right to challenge a tenant's hardship claim but as simply
delaying the exercise of that right -- as of now for less than
three weeks until the law expires. After August 31, New
York's eviction proceedings will be conducted exactly as
they were before CEEFPA's enactment. Our precedents do
not make it "indisputably clear" that this delay violates the
Constitution. See Sosna v. Iowa, (1975)
(due process is not offended when "the gravamen of [the]
claim is not total deprivation... but only delay").
Applicants also argue that CEEFPA violates their First
Amendment right against compelled speech, because it re-
quires them to provide their tenants with certain notices.
However, there are persuasive arguments that CEEFPA re-
4 CHRYSAFIS v. MARKS

BREYER, J., dissenting

quires only the dissemination of "purely factual and uncon-
troversial information" in the context of commercial speech
and is therefore authorized by our precedents. Zauderer v.
Office of Disciplinary Counsel of Supreme Court of Ohio,
(1985). Given the arguments on the
other side, I again cannot say that the legal rights in issue
are indisputably clear.
Second, applicants have not shown that critical or ex-
igent circumstances justify our intervention. As I have
said, CEEFPA's pause on eviction proceedings will expire
in less than three weeks, alleviating the hardship to New
York landlords. Any hardship is further alleviated by pro-
visions of CEEFPA that provide relief from foreclosure for
property owners who own 10 or fewer dwelling units. See
2020 N. Y. Laws ch. 381, pt. B, subpts. A -- B. Further, land-
lords' hardship is alleviated because CEEFPA does not pre-
clude them from seeking unpaid rent and other damages in
a common-law action. Finally, respondent states that New
York is currently distributing more than $2 billion in aid
that can be used in part to pay back rent, thereby helping
to alleviate the need for evictions. See 2021 N. Y. Laws ch.
53, p. 635.
While applicants correctly point out that there are land-
lords who suffer hardship, we must balance against the
landlords' hardship the hardship to New York tenants who
have relied on CEEFPA's protections and will now be forced
to face eviction proceedings earlier than expected. This is
troubling because, as noted, New York is in the process of
distributing over $2 billion in federal assistance that will
help tenants affected by the pandemic avoid eviction. See
ibid.; Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, H. R. 133,
116th Cong., 2d Sess., 686 -- 692 (2020). Ending CEEFPA's
protections early may lead to unnecessary evictions. It is
impossible -- especially on the abbreviated schedule of an
application for an emergency injunction -- to know whether
more hardship will result from leaving CEEFPA in place or
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

BREYER, J., dissenting

from barring its enforcement.
Third, the public interest weighs in favor of respecting
New York's "especially broad" latitude "to act in areas
fraught with medical and scientific uncertainties." Mar-
shall v. United States, (1974). The New
York Legislature is responsible for responding to a grave
and unpredictable public health crisis. It must combat the
spread of a virulent disease, mitigate the financial suffering
caused by business closures, and minimize the number of
unnecessary evictions. The legislature does not enjoy un-
limited discretion in formulating that response, but in this
case I would not second-guess politically accountable offi-
cials' determination of how best to "guard and protect" the
people of New York. South Bay United Pentecostal Church,
590 U. S., at ___ (ROBERTS, C. J., concurring) 
).
For these reasons, I would not grant relief now, and
therefore respectfully dissent. Of course, if New York ex-
tends CEEFPA's provisions in their current form, appli-
cants can renew their request for an injunction.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court.
Oracle America, Inc., is the current owner of a copyright
in Java SE, a computer program that uses the popular Java
computer programming language. Google, without permis-
sion, has copied a portion of that program, a portion that
enables a programmer to call up prewritten software that,
together with the computer's hardware, will carry out a
large number of specific tasks. The lower courts have con-
sidered (1) whether Java SE's owner could copyright the
portion that Google copied, and (2) if so, whether Google's
copying nonetheless constituted a "fair use" of that mate-
rial, thereby freeing Google from copyright liability. The
Federal Circuit held in Oracle's favor (i.e., that the portion
is copyrightable and Google's copying did not constitute a
"fair use"). In reviewing that decision, we assume, for ar-
gument's sake, that the material was copyrightable. But
we hold that the copying here at issue nonetheless consti-
tuted a fair use. Hence, Google's copying did not violate the
copyright law.
I
In 2005, Google acquired Android, Inc., a startup firm
2 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

that hoped to become involved in smartphone software.
Google sought, through Android, to develop a software plat-
form for mobile devices like smartphones. 886 F. 3d 1179,
1187 (CA Fed. 2018); App. 137 -- 138, 242 -- 243. A platform
provides the necessary infrastructure for computer pro-
grammers to develop new programs and applications. One
might think of a software platform as a kind of factory floor
where computer programmers (analogous to autoworkers,
designers, or manufacturers) might come, use sets of tools
found there, and create new applications for use in, say,
smartphones. (For visual explanations of "platforms" and
other somewhat specialized computer-related terms, you
might want to look at the material in Appendix A, infra.)
Google envisioned an Android platform that was free and
open, such that software developers could use the tools
found there free of charge. Its idea was that more and more
developers using its Android platform would develop ever
more Android-based applications, all of which would make
Google's Android-based smartphones more attractive to ul-
timate consumers. Consumers would then buy and use ever
more of those phones. Oracle America, Inc. v. Google Inc.,
872 F. Supp. 2d 974, 978 (ND Cal. 2012); App. 111, 464.
That vision required attracting a sizeable number of skilled
programmers.
At that time, many software developers understood and
wrote programs using the Java programming language, a
language invented by Sun Microsystems (Oracle's predeces-
sor). 872 F. Supp. 2d, at 975, 977. About six million pro-
grammers had spent considerable time learning, and then
using, the Java language. App. 228. Many of those pro-
grammers used Sun's own popular Java SE platform to de-
velop new programs primarily for use in desktop and laptop
computers. Id., at 151 -- 152, 200. That platform allowed
developers using the Java language to write programs that
were able to run on any desktop or laptop computer, regard-
less of the underlying hardware (i.e., the programs were in
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

Opinion of the Court

large part "interoperable"). 872 F. Supp. 2d, at 977. In-
deed, one of Sun's slogans was " 'write once, run anywhere.' "
886 F. 3d, at 1186.
Shortly after acquiring the Android firm, Google began
talks with Sun about the possibility of licensing the entire
Java platform for its new smartphone technology. Oracle,
872 F. Supp. 2d, at 978. But Google did not want to insist
that all programs written on the Android platform be in-
teroperable. 886 F. 3d, at 1187. As Android's founder ex-
plained, "[t]he whole idea about [an] open source [platform]
is to have very, very few restrictions on what people can do
with it," App. 659, and Sun's interoperability policy would
have undermined that free and open business model. Ap-
parently, for reasons related to this disagreement, Google's
negotiations with Sun broke down. Google then built its
own platform.
The record indicates that roughly 100 Google engineers
worked for more than three years to create Google's An-
droid platform software. Id., at 45, 117, 212. In doing so,
Google tailored the Android platform to smartphone tech-
nology, which differs from desktop and laptop computers in
important ways. A smartphone, for instance, may run on a
more limited battery or take advantage of GPS technology.
Id., at 197 -- 198. The Android platform offered program-
mers the ability to program for that environment. To build
the platform, Google wrote millions of lines of new code. Be-
cause Google wanted millions of programmers, familiar
with Java, to be able easily to work with its new Android
platform, it also copied roughly 11,500 lines of code from the
Java SE program. 886 F. 3d, at 1187. The copied lines of
code are part of a tool called an Application Programming
Interface, or API.
What is an API? The Federal Circuit described an API
as a tool that "allow[s] programmers to use... prewritten
code to build certain functions into their own programs, ra-
ther than write their own code to perform those functions
4 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

from scratch." Oracle America, Inc. v. Google, Inc., 750 F.
3d 1339, 1349 (2014). Through an API, a programmer can
draw upon a vast library of prewritten code to carry out
complex tasks. For lay persons, including judges, juries,
and many others, some elaboration of this description may
prove useful.
Consider in more detail just what an API does. A com-
puter can perform thousands, perhaps millions, of different
tasks that a programmer may wish to use. These tasks
range from the most basic to the enormously complex. Ask
the computer, for example, to tell you which of two numbers
is the higher number or to sort one thousand numbers in
ascending order, and it will instantly give you the right an-
swer. An API divides and organizes the world of computing
tasks in a particular way. Programmers can then use the
API to select the particular task that they need for their
programs. In Sun's API (which we refer to as the Sun Java
API), each individual task is known as a "method." The API
groups somewhat similar methods into larger "classes," and
groups somewhat similar classes into larger "packages."
This method-class-package organizational structure is re-
ferred to as the Sun Java API's "structure, sequence, and
organization," or SSO.
For each task, there is computer code, known as "imple-
menting code," that in effect tells the computer how to exe-
cute the particular task you have asked it to perform (such
as telling you, of two numbers, which is the higher). See
Oracle, 872 F. Supp. 2d, at 979 -- 980. The implementing
code (which Google independently wrote) is not at issue
here. For a single task, the implementing code may be hun-
dreds of lines long. It would be difficult, perhaps impossi-
ble, for a programmer to create complex software programs
without drawing on prewritten task-implementing pro-
grams to execute discrete tasks.
But how do you as the programmer tell the computer
which of the implementing code programs it should choose,
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

Opinion of the Court

i.e., which task it should carry out? You do so by entering
into your own program a command that corresponds to the
specific task and calls it up. Those commands, known as
"method calls," help you carry out the task by choosing
those programs written in implementing code that will do
the trick, i.e., that will instruct the computer so that your
program will find the higher of two numbers. If a particular
computer might perform, say, a million different tasks, dif-
ferent method calls will tell the computer which of those
tasks to choose. Those familiar with the Java language al-
ready know countless method calls that allow them to in-
voke countless tasks.
And how does the method call (which a programmer
types) actually locate and invoke the particular implement-
ing code that it needs to instruct the computer how to carry
out a particular task? It does so through another type of
code, which the parties have labeled "declaring code." De-
claring code is part of the API. For each task, the specific
command entered by the programmer matches up with spe-
cific declaring code inside the API. That declaring code pro-
vides both the name for each task and the location of each
task within the API's overall organizational system (i.e., the
placement of a method within a particular class and the
placement of a class within a particular package). In this
sense, the declaring code and the method call form a link,
allowing the programmer to draw upon the thousands of
prewritten tasks, written in implementing code. See id., at
979 -- 980. Without that declaring code, the method calls en-
tered by the programmer would not call up the implement-
ing code.
The declaring code therefore performs at least two im-
portant functions in the Sun Java API. The first, more ob-
vious, function is that the declaring code enables a set of
shortcuts for programmers. By connecting complex imple-
menting code with method calls, it allows a programmer to
6 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

pick out from the API's task library a particular task with-
out having to learn anything more than a simple command.
For example, a programmer building a new application for
personal banking may wish to use various tasks to, say, cal-
culate a user's balance or authenticate a password. To do
so, she need only learn the method calls associated with
those tasks. In this way, the declaring code's shortcut func-
tion is similar to a gas pedal in a car that tells the car to
move faster or the QWERTY keyboard on a typewriter that
calls up a certain letter when you press a particular key. As
those analogies demonstrate, one can think of the declaring
code as part of an interface between human beings and a
machine.
The second, less obvious, function is to reflect the way in
which Java's creators have divided the potential world of
different tasks into an actual world, i.e., precisely which set
of potentially millions of different tasks we want to have
our Java-based computer systems perform and how we
want those tasks arranged and grouped. In this sense, the
declaring code performs an organizational function. It de-
termines the structure of the task library that Java's crea-
tors have decided to build. To understand this organiza-
tional system, think of the Dewey Decimal System that
categorizes books into an accessible system or a travel guide
that arranges a city's attractions into different categories.
Language itself provides a rough analogy to the declaring
code's organizational feature, for language itself divides
into sets of concepts a world that in certain respects other
languages might have divided differently. The developers
of Java, for example, decided to place a method called "draw
image" inside of a class called "graphics."
Consider a comprehensive, albeit farfetched, analogy
that illustrates how the API is actually used by a program-
mer. Imagine that you can, via certain keystrokes, instruct
a robot to move to a particular file cabinet, to open a certain
drawer, and to pick out a specific recipe. With the proper
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 7

Opinion of the Court

recipe in hand, the robot then moves to your kitchen and
gives it to a cook to prepare the dish. This example mirrors
the API's task-related organizational system. Through
your simple command, the robot locates the right recipe and
hands it off to the cook. In the same way, typing in a
method call prompts the API to locate the correct imple-
menting code and hand it off to your computer. And im-
portantly, to select the dish that you want for your meal,
you do not need to know the recipe's contents, just as a pro-
grammer using an API does not need to learn the imple-
menting code. In both situations, learning the simple com-
mand is enough.
Now let us consider the example that the District Court
used to explain the precise technology here. Id., at 980 -- 
981. A programmer wishes, as part of her program, to de-
termine which of two integers is the larger. To do so in the
Java language, she will first write java.lang. Those words
(which we have put in bold type) refer to the "package" (or
by analogy to the file cabinet). She will then write Math.
That word refers to the "class" (or by analogy to the drawer).
She will then write max. That word refers to the "method"
(or by analogy to the recipe). She will then make two pa-
rentheses. And, in between the parentheses she will
put two integers, say 4 and 6, that she wishes to compare.
The whole expression -- the method call -- will look like this:
"java.lang.Math.max(4, 6)." The use of this expression
will, by means of the API, call up a task-implementing pro-
gram that will determine the higher number.
In writing this program, the programmer will use the
very symbols we have placed in bold in the precise order we
have placed them. But the symbols by themselves do noth-
ing. She must also use software that connects the symbols
to the equivalent of file cabinets, drawers, and files. The
API is that software. It includes both the declaring code
that links each part of the method call to the particular
task-implementing program, and the implementing code
8 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

that actually carries it out. (For an illustration of this tech-
nology, see Appendix B, infra.)
Now we can return to the copying at issue in this case.
Google did not copy the task-implementing programs, or
implementing code, from the Sun Java API. It wrote its
own task-implementing programs, such as those that would
determine which of two integers is the greater or carry out
any other desired (normally far more complex) task. This
implementing code constitutes the vast majority of both the
Sun Java API and the API that Google created for Android.
App. 212. For most of the packages in its new API, Google
also wrote its own declaring code. For 37 packages, how-
ever, Google copied the declaring code from the Sun Java
API. Id., at 106 -- 107. As just explained, that means that,
for those 37 packages, Google necessarily copied both the
names given to particular tasks and the grouping of those
tasks into classes and packages.
In doing so, Google copied that portion of the Sun Java
API that allowed programmers expert in the Java program-
ming language to use the "task calling" system that they
had already learned. As Google saw it, the 37 packages at
issue included those tasks that were likely to prove most
useful to programmers working on applications for mobile
devices. In fact, "three of these packages were... funda-
mental to being able to use the Java language at all." Ora-
cle, 872 F. Supp. 2d, at 982. By using the same declaring
code for those packages, programmers using the Android
platform can rely on the method calls that they are already
familiar with to call up particular tasks (e.g., determining
which of two integers is the greater); but Google's own im-
plementing programs carry out those tasks. Without that
copying, programmers would need to learn an entirely new
system to call up the same tasks.
We add that the Android platform has been successful.
Within five years of its release in 2007, Android-based de-
vices claimed a large share of the United States market.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 9

Opinion of the Court

Id., at 978. As of 2015, Android sales produced more than
$42 billion in revenue. 886 F. 3d, at 1187.
In 2010 Oracle Corporation bought Sun. Soon thereafter
Oracle brought this lawsuit in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California.
II
The case has a complex and lengthy history. At the out-
set Oracle complained that Google's use of the Sun Java
API violated both copyright and patent laws. For its copy-
right claim, Oracle alleged that Google infringed its copy-
right by copying, for 37 packages, both the literal declaring
code and the nonliteral organizational structure (or SSO) of
the API, i.e., the grouping of certain methods into classes
and certain classes into packages. For trial purposes the
District Court organized three proceedings. The first would
cover the copyright issues, the second would cover the pa-
tent issues, and the third would, if necessary, calculate
damages. Oracle, 872 F. Supp. 2d, at 975. The court also
determined that a judge should decide whether copyright
law could protect an API and that the jury should decide
whether Google's use of Oracle's API infringed its copyright
and, if so, whether a fair use defense nonetheless applied.
Ibid.
After six weeks of hearing evidence, the jury rejected Or-
acle's patent claims (which have since dropped out of the
case). It also found a limited copyright infringement. It
deadlocked as to whether Google could successfully assert
a fair use defense. Id., at 976. The judge then decided that,
regardless, the API's declaring code was not the kind of cre-
ation to which copyright law extended its protection. The
court noted that Google had written its own implementing
code, which constituted the vast majority of its API. It
wrote that "anyone is free under the Copyright Act to write
his or her own code to carry out exactly the same" tasks that
the Sun Java API picks out or specifies. Ibid. Google copied
10 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

only the declaring code and organizational structure that
was necessary for Java-trained programmers to activate fa-
miliar tasks (while, as we said, writing its own implement-
ing code). Hence the copied material, in the judge's view,
was a "system or method of operation," which copyright law
specifically states cannot be copyrighted. Id., at 977 ).
On appeal, the Federal Circuit reversed. That court held
that both the API's declaring code and its organizational
structure could be copyrighted. Oracle, 750 F. 3d, at 1354.
It pointed out that Google could have written its own de-
claring code just as it wrote its own implementing code.
And because in principle Google might have created a whole
new system of dividing and labeling tasks that could be
called up by programmers, the declaring code (and the sys-
tem) that made up the Sun Java API was copyrightable.
Id., at 1361.
The Federal Circuit also rejected Oracle's plea that it de-
cide whether Google had the right to use the Sun Java API
because doing so was a "fair use," immune from copyright
liability. The Circuit wrote that fair use "both permits and
requires 'courts to avoid rigid application of the copyright
statute when, on occasion, it would stifle the very creativity
which that law is designed to foster.' " Id., at 1372 -- 1373.
But, it added, this "is not a case in which the record contains
sufficient factual findings upon which we could base a de
novo assessment of Google's affirmative defense of fair use."
Id., at 1377. And it remanded the case for another trial on
that question. Google petitioned this Court for a writ of cer-
tiorari, seeking review of the Federal Circuit's copyrighta-
bility determination. We denied the petition. Google, Inc.
v. Oracle America, Inc., (2015).
On remand the District Court, sitting with a jury, heard
evidence for a week. The court instructed the jury to an-
swer one question: Has Google "shown by a preponderance
of the evidence that its use in Android" of the declaring code
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 11

Opinion of the Court

and organizational structure contained in the 37 Sun Java
API packages that it copied "constitutes a 'fair use' under
the Copyright Act?" App. 294. After three days of deliber-
ation the jury answered the question in the affirmative. Id.,
at 295. Google had shown fair use.
Oracle again appealed to the Federal Circuit. And the
Circuit again reversed the District Court. The Federal Cir-
cuit assumed all factual questions in Google's favor. But, it
said, the question whether those facts constitute a "fair use"
is a question of law. 886 F. 3d, at 1193. Deciding that ques-
tion of law, the court held that Google's use of the Sun Java
API was not a fair use. It wrote that "[t]here is nothing fair
about taking a copyrighted work verbatim and using it for
the same purpose and function as the original in a compet-
ing platform." Id., at 1210. It remanded the case again,
this time for a trial on damages.
Google then filed a petition for certiorari in this Court. It
asked us to review the Federal Circuit's determinations as
to both copyrightability and fair use. We granted its
petition.
III
A
Copyright and patents, the Constitution says, are to "pro-
mote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing
for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive
Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries." Art. I, cl. 8. Copyright statutes and case law have made clear
that copyright has practical objectives. It grants an author
an exclusive right to produce his work (sometimes for a
hundred years or more), not as a special reward, but in or-
der to encourage the production of works that others might
reproduce more cheaply. At the same time, copyright
has negative features. Protection can raise prices to con-
sumers. It can impose special costs, such as the cost of con-
tacting owners to obtain reproduction permission. And the
12 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

exclusive rights it awards can sometimes stand in the way
of others exercising their own creative powers. See gener-
ally Twentieth Century Music Corp. v. Aiken, (1975); Mazer v. Stein, (1954).
Macaulay once said that the principle of copyright is a
"tax on readers for the purpose of giving a bounty to writ-
ers." T. Macaulay, Speeches on Copyright 25 (E. Miller ed.
1913). Congress, weighing advantages and disadvantages,
will determine the more specific nature of the tax, its
boundaries and conditions, the existence of exceptions and
exemptions, all by exercising its own constitutional power
to write a copyright statute.
Four provisions of the current Copyright Act are of par-
ticular relevance in this case. First, a definitional provision
sets forth three basic conditions for obtaining a copyright.
There must be a "wor[k] of authorship," that work must be
"original," and the work must be "fixed in any tangible me-
dium of expression." 17 U. S. C. ; see also Feist Pub-
lications, Inc. v. Rural Telephone Service Co., (1991) (explaining that copyright requires some origi-
nal "creative spark" and therefore does not reach the facts
that a particular expression describes).
Second, the statute lists certain kinds of works that cop-
yright can protect. They include "literary," "musical," "dra-
matic," "motion pictur[e ]," "architectural," and certain
other works.. In 1980, Congress expanded the
reach of the Copyright Act to include computer programs.
And it defined "computer program" as " 'a set of statements
or instructions to be used directly or indirectly in a com-
puter in order to bring about a certain result.' ", 94 Stat.
3028 (codified at 17 U. S. C. ).
Third, the statute sets forth limitations on the works that
can be copyrighted, including works that the definitional
provisions might otherwise include. It says, for example,
that copyright protection cannot be extended to "any idea,
procedure, process, system, method of operation, concept,
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 13

Opinion of the Court

principle, or discovery....". These limitations,
along with the need to "fix" a work in a "tangible medium of
expression," have often led courts to say, in shorthand form,
that, unlike patents, which protect novel and useful ideas,
copyrights protect "expression" but not the "ideas" that lie
behind it. See Sheldon v. Metro-Goldwyn Pictures Corp., 81
F. 2d 49, 54 (CA2 1936) (Hand, J.); B. Kaplan, An Unhur-
ried View of Copyright 46 -- 52 (1967).
Fourth, Congress, together with the courts, has imposed
limitations upon the scope of copyright protection even in
respect to works that are entitled to a copyright. For exam-
ple, the Copyright Act limits an author's exclusive rights in
performances and displays, or to performances of
sound recordings,. And directly relevant here, a copy-
right holder cannot prevent another person from making a
"fair use" of copyrighted material..
We have described the "fair use" doctrine, originating in
the courts, as an "equitable rule of reason" that "permits
courts to avoid rigid application of the copyright statute
when, on occasion, it would stifle the very creativity which
that law is designed to foster." Stewart v. Abend, (1990). The
statutory provision that embodies the doctrine indicates,
rather than dictates, how courts should apply it. The pro-
vision says:
"[T]he fair use of a copyrighted work,... for purposes
such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teach-
ing... scholarship, or research, is not an infringement
of copyright. In determining whether the use made of
a work in any particular case is a fair use the factors to
be considered shall include -- 
"(1) the purpose and character of the use, including
whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for
nonprofit educational purposes;
"(2) the nature of the copyrighted work;
14 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

"(3) the amount and substantiality of the portion
used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole; and
"(4) the effect of the use upon the potential market
for or value of the copyrighted work.".
In applying this provision, we, like other courts, have un-
derstood that the provision's list of factors is not exhaustive
(note the words "include" and "including"), that the exam-
ples it sets forth do not exclude other examples (note the
words "such as"), and that some factors may prove more im-
portant in some contexts than in others. See Campbell v.
Acuff-Rose Music, Inc., (1994); Harper &
Row, Publishers, Inc. v. Nation Enterprises, (1985); see also Leval, Toward a Fair Use Standard, 103
Harv. L. Rev. 1105, 1110 (1990) (Leval) ("The factors do not
represent a score card that promises victory to the winner
of the majority"). In a word, we have understood the provi-
sion to set forth general principles, the application of which
requires judicial balancing, depending upon relevant cir-
cumstances, including "significant changes in technology."
Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc., (1984); see also Aiken, 422 U. S., at 156
("When technological change has rendered its literal terms
ambiguous, the Copyright Act must be construed in light of
its basic purpose").
B
Google's petition for certiorari poses two questions. The
first asks whether Java's API is copyrightable. It asks us
to examine two of the statutory provisions just mentioned,
one that permits copyrighting computer programs and the
other that forbids copyrighting, e.g., "process[es]," "sys-
tem[s]," and "method[s] of operation." Pet. for Cert. 12.
Google believes that the API's declaring code and organiza-
tion fall into these latter categories and are expressly ex-
cluded from copyright protection. The second question asks
us to determine whether Google's use of the API was a "fair
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 15

Opinion of the Court

use." Google believes that it was.
A holding for Google on either question presented would
dispense with Oracle's copyright claims. Given the rapidly
changing technological, economic, and business-related cir-
cumstances, we believe we should not answer more than is
necessary to resolve the parties' dispute. We shall assume,
but purely for argument's sake, that the entire Sun Java
API falls within the definition of that which can be copy-
righted. We shall ask instead whether Google's use of part
of that API was a "fair use." Unlike the Federal Circuit, we
conclude that it was.
IV
The language of, the "fair use" provision, reflects its
judge-made origins. It is similar to that used by Justice
Story in Folsom v. Marsh, 9 F. Cas. 342, 348 (No. 4,901) (CC
Mass. 1841). See Campbell, 510 U. S., at 576 (noting how
"Justice Story's summary [of fair use considerations] is dis-
cernable" in ). That background, as well as modern
courts' use of the doctrine, makes clear that the concept is
flexible, that courts must apply it in light of the sometimes
conflicting aims of copyright law, and that its application
may well vary depending upon context. Thus, copyright's
protection may be stronger where the copyrighted material
is fiction, not fact, where it consists of a motion picture ra-
ther than a news broadcast, or where it serves an artistic
rather than a utilitarian function. See, e.g., Stewart, 495
U. S., at 237 -- 238; Harper & Row, 471 U. S., at 563; see also
4 M. Nimmer & D. Nimmer, Copyright.05[A]
[a] (2019) (hereinafter Nimmer on Copyright) ("[C]opy-
right protection is narrower, and the corresponding appli-
cation of the fair use defense greater, in the case of factual
works than in the case of works of fiction or fantasy"). Sim-
ilarly, courts have held that in some circumstances, say,
where copyrightable material is bound up with uncopy-
rightable material, copyright protection is "thin." See Feist,
16 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

499 U. S., at 349 (noting that "the copyright in a factual
compilation is thin"); see also Experian Information Solu-
tions, Inc. v. Nationwide Marketing Servs. Inc., 893 F. 3d
1176, 1186 (CA9 2018) ("In the context of factual compila-
tions,... there can be no infringement unless the works are
virtually identical" ).
Generically speaking, computer programs differ from
books, films, and many other "literary works" in that such
programs almost always serve functional purposes. These
and other differences have led at least some judges to com-
plain that "applying copyright law to computer programs is
like assembling a jigsaw puzzle whose pieces do not quite
fit." Lotus Development Corp. v. Borland Int'l, Inc., 49 F.
3d 807, 820 (CA1 1995) (Boudin, J., concurring).
These differences also led Congress to think long and
hard about whether to grant computer programs copyright
protection. In 1974, Congress established a National Com-
mission on New Technological Uses of Copyrighted Works
(CONTU) to look into the matter. -- 208, 88 Stat.
1873 -- 1875. After several years of research, CONTU con-
cluded that the "availability of copyright protection for com-
puter programs is desirable." Final Report 11 (July 31,
1978). At the same time, it recognized that computer pro-
grams had unique features. Mindful of not "unduly burden-
ing users of programs and the general public," it wrote that
copyright "should not grant anyone more economic power
than is necessary to achieve the incentive to create." Id., at
12. And it believed that copyright's existing doctrines (e.g.,
fair use), applied by courts on a case-by-case basis, could
prevent holders from using copyright to stifle innovation.
Ibid. ("Relatively few changes in the Copyright Act of 1976
are required to attain these objectives"). Congress then
wrote computer program protection into the law. See,
94 Stat. 3028.
The upshot, in our view, is that fair use can play an im-
portant role in determining the lawful scope of a computer
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 17

Opinion of the Court

program copyright, such as the copyright at issue here. It
can help to distinguish among technologies. It can distin-
guish between expressive and functional features of com-
puter code where those features are mixed. It can focus on
the legitimate need to provide incentives to produce copy-
righted material while examining the extent to which yet
further protection creates unrelated or illegitimate harms
in other markets or to the development of other products.
In a word, it can carry out its basic purpose of providing a
context-based check that can help to keep a copyright mo-
nopoly within its lawful bounds. See H. R. Rep. No. 94 -- 
1476, pp. 65 -- 66 (1976) (explaining that courts are to "adapt
the doctrine [of fair use] to particular situations on a case-
by-case basis" and in light of "rapid technological change");
see, e.g., Lexmark Int'l, Inc. v. Static Control Components,
Inc., 387 F. 3d 522, 543 -- 545 (CA6 2004) (discussing fair use
in the context of copying to preserve compatibility); Sony
Computer Entertainment, Inc. v. Connectix Corp., 203 F. 3d
596, 603 -- 608 (CA9 2000) (applying fair use to intermediate
copying necessary to reverse engineer access to unprotected
functional elements within a program); Sega Enterprises
Ltd. v. Accolade, Inc., 977 F. 2d 1510, 1521 -- 1527 (CA9
1992) (holding that wholesale copying of copyrighted code
as a preliminary step to develop a competing product was a
fair use).
JUSTICE THOMAS' thoughtful dissent offers a very differ-
ent view of how (and perhaps whether) fair use has any role
to play for computer programs. We are told that no attempt
to distinguish among computer code is tenable when con-
sidering "the nature of the work," see post, at 10, even
though there are important distinctions in the ways that
programs are used and designed, post, at 18 ("The declaring
code is what attracted programmers"). We are told that no
reuse of code in a new program will ever have a valid "pur-
pose and character," post, at 16, even though the reasons
for copying computer code may vary greatly and differ from
18 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

those applicable to other sorts of works, ibid. (accepting
that copying as part of "reverse engineer[ing] a system to
ensure compatibility" could be a valid purpose). And we are
told that our fair use analysis must prioritize certain factors
over others, post, at 9, even though our case law in-
structs that fair use depends on the context, see Campbell,
510 U. S., at 577 -- 578.
We do not understand Congress, however, to have
shielded computer programs from the ordinary application
of copyright's limiting doctrines in this way. By defining
computer programs in, Congress chose to place this
subject matter within the copyright regime. Like other pro-
tected works, that means that the owners of computer pro-
grams enjoy the exclusive rights set forth in the Act, includ-
ing the right to "reproduce [a] copyrighted work" or to
"prepare derivative works." 17 U. S. C.. But that also
means that exclusive rights in computer programs are lim-
ited like any other works. Just as fair use distinguishes
among books and films, which are indisputably subjects of
copyright, so too must it draw lines among computer pro-
grams. And just as fair use takes account of the market in
which scripts and paintings are bought and sold, so too
must it consider the realities of how technological works are
created and disseminated. We do not believe that an ap-
proach close to "all or nothing" would be faithful to the Cop-
yright Act's overall design.
V
At the outset, Google argues that "fair use" is a question
for a jury to decide; here the jury decided the question in
Google's favor; and we should limit our review to determin-
ing whether "substantial evidence" justified the jury's deci-
sion. The Federal Circuit disagreed. It thought that the
"fair use" question was a mixed question of fact and law;
that reviewing courts should appropriately defer to the
jury's findings of underlying facts; but that the ultimate
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 19

Opinion of the Court

question whether those facts showed a "fair use" is a legal
question for judges to decide de novo.
We agree with the Federal Circuit's answer to this ques-
tion. We have said, "[f]air use is a mixed question of law
and fact." Harper & Row, 471 U. S., at 560. We have ex-
plained that a reviewing court should try to break such a
question into its separate factual and legal parts, reviewing
each according to the appropriate legal standard. But when
a question can be reduced no further, we have added that
"the standard of review for a mixed question all depends -- 
on whether answering it entails primarily legal or factual
work." U. S. Bank N. A. v. Village at Lakeridge, LLC, 583
U. S. ___, ___(2018).
In this case, the ultimate "fair use" question primarily in-
volves legal work. "Fair use" was originally a concept fash-
ioned by judges. Folsom, 9 F. Cas., at 348. Our cases still
provide legal interpretations of the fair use provision. And
those interpretations provide general guidance for future
cases. See, e.g., Campbell, 510 U. S., at 592 -- 593 (describing
kinds of market harms that are not the concern of copy-
right); Harper & Row, 471 U. S., at 564 ("scope of fair use is
narrower with respect to unpublished works"); Sony, 464
U. S., at 451 (wholesale copying aimed at creating a market
substitute is presumptively unfair). This type of work is
legal work. U. S. Bank, 583 U. S., at ___ 
("When applying the law involves developing auxiliary legal
principles for use in other cases[,] appellate courts should
typically review a decision de novo").
Applying a legal "fair use" conclusion may, of course, in-
volve determination of subsidiary factual questions, such as
"whether there was harm to the actual or potential markets
for the copyrighted work" or "how much of the copyrighted
work was copied." 886 F. 3d, at 1196; see, e.g., Peter F.
Gaito Architecture, LLC v. Simone Development Corp., 602
F. 3d 57, 63 (CA2 2010) (noting that in an infringement suit
"the question of substantial similarity typically presents an
20 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

extremely close question of fact"). In this case the Federal
Circuit carefully applied the fact/law principles we set forth
in U. S. Bank, leaving factual determinations to the jury
and reviewing the ultimate question, a legal question, de
novo.
Next, Google argues that the Federal Circuit's approach
violates the Seventh Amendment. The Amendment both
requires that "the right of trial by jury... be preserved"
and forbids courts to "re-examin[e ]" any "fact tried by a
jury." U. S. Const., Amdt. 7; see also Gasperini v. Center for
Humanities, Inc., -- 433 (1996). The Reex-
amination Clause is no bar here, however, for, as we have
said, the ultimate question here is one of law, not fact. It
does not violate the Reexamination Clause for a court to de-
termine the controlling law in resolving a challenge to a
jury verdict, as happens any time a court resolves a motion
for judgment as a matter of law. See, e.g., Neely v. Martin
K. Eby Constr. Co., (1967).
Nor is Google correct that "the right of trial by jury" in-
cludes the right to have a jury resolve a fair use defense.
That Clause is concerned with "the particular trial decision"
at issue. Markman v. Westview Instruments, Inc., (1996). Even though it is possible to find pre-Rev-
olutionary English cases in which a judge sent related ques-
tions like fair abridgment to a jury, those questions were
significantly different from the "fair use" doctrine as courts
apply it today. See, e.g., Gyles v. Wilcox, 2 Atk. 141, 142 -- 
144, 26 Eng. Rep. 489, 490 -- 491 (Ch. 1740) (asking the
Court to resolve the narrow question whether a shortened
work could be considered a new work); Sayre v. Moore, 1
East 361, n., 102 Eng. Rep. 138, 139, n. (K. B. 1785) (dis-
cussing the jury's role in resolving whether copying consti-
tuted infringement). As far as contemporary fair use is con-
cerned, we have described the doctrine as an "equitable,"
not a "legal," doctrine. We have found no case suggesting
that application of U. S. Bank here would fail "to preserve
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 21

Opinion of the Court

the substance of the common-law [jury trial] right as it ex-
isted in 1791." Markman, 517 U. S., at 376.
VI
We turn now to the basic legal question before us: Was
Google's copying of the Sun Java API, specifically its use of
the declaring code and organizational structure for 37 pack-
ages of that API, a "fair use." In answering this question,
we shall consider the four factors set forth in the fair use
statute as we find them applicable to the kind of computer
programs before us. We have reproduced those four statu-
tory factors supra, at 13 -- 14. For expository purposes, we
begin with the second.
A. "The Nature of the Copyrighted Work"
The Sun Java API is a "user interface." It provides a way
through which users (here the programmers) can "manipu-
late and control" task-performing computer programs "via
a series of menu commands." Lotus Development Corp., 49
F. 3d, at 809. The API reflects Sun's division of possible
tasks that a computer might perform into a set of actual
tasks that certain kinds of computers actually will perform.
Sun decided, for example, that its API would call up a task
that compares one integer with another to see which is the
larger. Sun's API (to our knowledge) will not call up the
task of determining which great Arabic scholar decided to
use Arabic numerals (rather than Roman numerals) to per-
form that "larger integer" task. No one claims that the de-
cisions about what counts as a task are themselves copy-
rightable -- although one might argue about decisions as to
how to label and organize such tasks (e.g., the decision to
name a certain task "max" or to place it in a class called
"Math." Cf. Baker v. Selden, (1880)).
As discussed above, supra, at 3 -- 5, and in Appendix B, in-
fra, we can think of the technology as having three essential
parts. First, the API includes "implementing code," which
22 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

actually instructs the computer on the steps to follow to
carry out each task. Google wrote its own programs (imple-
menting programs) that would perform each one of the
tasks that its API calls up.
Second, the Sun Java API associates a particular com-
mand, called a "method call," with the calling up of each
task. The symbols java.lang., for example, are part of the
command that will call up the program (whether written by
Sun or, as here, by Google) that instructs the computer to
carry out the "larger number" operation. Oracle does not
here argue that the use of these commands by programmers
itself violates its copyrights.
Third, the Sun Java API contains computer code that will
associate the writing of a method call with particular
"places" in the computer that contain the needed imple-
menting code. This is the declaring code. The declaring
code both labels the particular tasks in the API and organ-
izes those tasks, or "methods," into "packages" and "clas-
ses." We have referred to this organization, by way of rough
analogy, as file cabinets, drawers, and files. Oracle does
claim that Google's use of the Sun Java API's declaring code
violates its copyrights.
The declaring code at issue here resembles other copy-
righted works in that it is part of a computer program. Con-
gress has specified that computer programs are subjects of
copyright. It differs, however, from many other kinds of
copyrightable computer code. It is inextricably bound to-
gether with a general system, the division of computing
tasks, that no one claims is a proper subject of copyright. It
is inextricably bound up with the idea of organizing tasks
into what we have called cabinets, drawers, and files, an
idea that is also not copyrightable. It is inextricably bound
up with the use of specific commands known to program-
mers, known here as method calls (such as
java.lang.Math.max, etc.), that Oracle does not here con-
test. And it is inextricably bound up with implementing
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 23

Opinion of the Court

code, which is copyrightable but was not copied.
Moreover, the copied declaring code and the uncopied im-
plementing programs call for, and reflect, different kinds of
capabilities. A single implementation may walk a computer
through dozens of different steps. To write implementing
programs, witnesses told the jury, requires balancing such
considerations as how quickly a computer can execute a
task or the likely size of the computer's memory. One wit-
ness described that creativity as "magic" practiced by an
API developer when he or she worries "about things like
power management" for devices that "run on a battery."
App. 143; see also id., at 147, 204. This is the very creativ-
ity that was needed to develop the Android software for use
not in laptops or desktops but in the very different context
of smartphones.
The declaring code (inseparable from the programmer's
method calls) embodies a different kind of creativity. Sun
Java's creators, for example, tried to find declaring code
names that would prove intuitively easy to remember. Id.,
at 211. They wanted to attract programmers who would
learn the system, help to develop it further, and prove re-
luctant to use another. See post, at 10 ("Declaring code...
is user facing. It must be designed and organized in a way
that is intuitive and understandable to developers so that
they can invoke it"). Sun's business strategy originally em-
phasized the importance of using the API to attract pro-
grammers. It sought to make the API "open" and "then...
compete on implementations." App. 124 -- 125. The testi-
mony at trial was replete with examples of witnesses draw-
ing this critical line between the user-centered declaratory
code and the innovative implementing code. Id., at 126 -- 
127, 159 -- 160, 163 -- 164, 187, 190 -- 191.
These features mean that, as part of a user interface, the
declaring code differs to some degree from the mine run of
computer programs. Like other computer programs, it is
functional in nature. But unlike many other programs, its
24 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

use is inherently bound together with uncopyrightable
ideas (general task division and organization) and new cre-
ative expression (Android's implementing code). Unlike
many other programs, its value in significant part derives
from the value that those who do not hold copyrights,
namely, computer programmers, invest of their own time
and effort to learn the API's system. And unlike many other
programs, its value lies in its efforts to encourage program-
mers to learn and to use that system so that they will use
(and continue to use) Sun-related implementing programs
that Google did not copy.
Although copyrights protect many different kinds of writ-
ing, Leval 1116, we have emphasized the need to
"recogni[ze] that some works are closer to the core of [copy-
right] than others," Campbell, 510 U. S., at 586. In our
view, for the reasons just described, the declaring code is, if
copyrightable at all, further than are most computer pro-
grams (such as the implementing code) from the core of cop-
yright. That fact diminishes the fear, expressed by both the
dissent and the Federal Circuit, that application of "fair
use" here would seriously undermine the general copyright
protection that Congress provided for computer programs.
And it means that this factor, "the nature of the copyrighted
work," points in the direction of fair use.
B. "The Purpose and Character of the Use"
In the context of fair use, we have considered whether the
copier's use "adds something new, with a further purpose or
different character, altering" the copyrighted work "with
new expression, meaning or message." Id., at 579. Com-
mentators have put the matter more broadly, asking
whether the copier's use "fulfill[s] the objective of copyright
law to stimulate creativity for public illumination." Leval
1111. In answering this question, we have used the word
"transformative" to describe a copying use that adds some-
thing new and important. Campbell, 510 U. S., at 579. An
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 25

Opinion of the Court

" 'artistic painting' " might, for example, fall within the
scope of fair use even though it precisely replicates a copy-
righted " 'advertising logo to make a comment about con-
sumerism.' " 4 Nimmer on Copyright.05[A][b] (quot-
ing Netanel, Making Sense of Fair Use, 15 Lewis & Clark
L. Rev. 715, 746 (2011)). Or, as we held in Campbell, a par-
ody can be transformative because it comments on the orig-
inal or criticizes it, for "[p]arody needs to mimic an original
to make its point." 510 U. S., at 580 -- 581.
Google copied portions of the Sun Java API precisely, and
it did so in part for the same reason that Sun created those
portions, namely, to enable programmers to call up imple-
menting programs that would accomplish particular tasks.
But since virtually any unauthorized use of a copyrighted
computer program (say, for teaching or research) would do
the same, to stop here would severely limit the scope of fair
use in the functional context of computer programs.
Rather, in determining whether a use is "transformative,"
we must go further and examine the copying's more specif-
ically described "purpose[s]" and "character." 17 U. S. C..
Here Google's use of the Sun Java API seeks to create
new products. It seeks to expand the use and usefulness of
Android-based smartphones. Its new product offers pro-
grammers a highly creative and innovative tool for a
smartphone environment. To the extent that Google used
parts of the Sun Java API to create a new platform that
could be readily used by programmers, its use was con-
sistent with that creative "progress" that is the basic con-
stitutional objective of copyright itself. Cf. Feist, 499 U. S.,
at 349 -- 350 ("The primary objective of copyright is not to re-
ward the labor of authors, but '[t]o promote the Progress of
Science and useful Arts' " ).
The jury heard that Google limited its use of the Sun Java
API to tasks and specific programming demands related to
26 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Android. It copied the API (which Sun created for use in
desktop and laptop computers) only insofar as needed to in-
clude tasks that would be useful in smartphone programs.
App. 169 -- 170. And it did so only insofar as needed to allow
programmers to call upon those tasks without discarding a
portion of a familiar programming language and learning a
new one. Id., at 139 -- 140. To repeat, Google, through An-
droid, provided a new collection of tasks operating in a dis-
tinct and different computing environment. Those tasks
were carried out through the use of new implementing code
(that Google wrote) designed to operate within that new en-
vironment. Some of the amici refer to what Google did as
"reimplementation," defined as the "building of a sys-
tem... that repurposes the same words and syntaxes" of
an existing system -- in this case so that programmers who
had learned an existing system could put their basic skills
to use in a new one. Brief for R Street Institute et al. as
Amici Curiae 2.
The record here demonstrates the numerous ways in
which reimplementing an interface can further the devel-
opment of computer programs. The jury heard that shared
interfaces are necessary for different programs to speak to
each other. App. 125 ("We have to agree on the APIs so that
the application I write to show a movie runs on your de-
vice"). It heard that the reimplementation of interfaces is
necessary if programmers are to be able to use their ac-
quired skills. Id., at 191 ("If the API labels change, then
either the software wouldn't continue to work anymore or
the developer... would have to learn a whole new language
to be able to use these API labels"). It heard that the reuse
of APIs is common in the industry. Id., at 115, 155, 663. It
heard that Sun itself had used pre-existing interfaces in
creating Java. Id., at 664. And it heard that Sun executives
thought that widespread use of the Java programming lan-
guage, including use on a smartphone platform, would ben-
efit the company. Id., at 130 -- 133.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 27

Opinion of the Court

Amici supporting Google have summarized these same
points -- points that witnesses explained to the jury. See,
e.g., Brief for Copyright Scholars as Amici Curiae 25 ("[T]he
portions of Java SE that Google reimplemented may have
helped preserve consistency of use within the larger Java
developer community"); Brief for Microsoft Corporation as
Amicus Curiae 22 ("[A]llowing reasonable fair use of func-
tional code enables innovation that creates new opportuni-
ties for the whole market to grow"); Brief for 83 Computer
Scientists as Amici Curiae 20 ("Reimplementing interfaces
fueled widespread adoption of popular programming lan-
guages" (emphasis deleted)); Brief for R Street Institute et
al. as Amici Curiae 15 -- 20 (describing Oracle's reimplemen-
tation of other APIs); see also Brief for American Antitrust
Institute as Amicus Curiae 7 ("Copyright on largely func-
tional elements of software that [have] become an industry
standard gives a copyright holder anti-competitive power").
These and related facts convince us that the "purpose and
character" of Google's copying was transformative -- to the
point where this factor too weighs in favor of fair use.
There are two other considerations that are often taken
up under the first factor: commerciality and good faith. The
text of includes various noncommercial uses, such as
teaching and scholarship, as paradigmatic examples of
privileged copying. There is no doubt that a finding that
copying was not commercial in nature tips the scales in fa-
vor of fair use. But the inverse is not necessarily true, as
many common fair uses are indisputably commercial. For
instance, the text of includes examples like "news re-
porting," which is often done for commercial profit. So even
though Google's use was a commercial endeavor -- a fact no
party disputed, see 886 F. 3d, at 1197 -- that is not disposi-
tive of the first factor, particularly in light of the inherently
transformative role that the reimplementation played in
the new Android system.
As for bad faith, our decision in Campbell expressed some
28 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

skepticism about whether bad faith has any role in a fair
use analysis. 510 U. S., at 585,. We find this skepti-
cism justifiable, as "[c]opyright is not a privilege reserved
for the well-behaved." Leval 1126. We have no occasion
here to say whether good faith is as a general matter a help-
ful inquiry. We simply note that given the strength of the
other factors pointing toward fair use and the jury finding
in Google's favor on hotly contested evidence, that fact-
bound consideration is not determinative in this context.
C. "The Amount and Substantiality of the Portion Used"
If one considers the declaring code in isolation, the quan-
titative amount of what Google copied was large. Google
copied the declaring code for 37 packages of the Sun Java
API, totaling approximately 11,500 lines of code. Those
lines of code amount to virtually all the declaring code
needed to call up hundreds of different tasks. On the other
hand, if one considers the entire set of software material in
the Sun Java API, the quantitative amount copied was
small. The total set of Sun Java API computer code, includ-
ing implementing code, amounted to 2.86 million lines, of
which the copied 11,500 lines were only 0.4 percent. App.
212.
The question here is whether those 11,500 lines of code
should be viewed in isolation or as one part of the consider-
ably greater whole. We have said that even a small amount
of copying may fall outside of the scope of fair use where the
excerpt copied consists of the " 'heart' " of the original work's
creative expression. Harper & Row, 471 U. S., at 564 -- 565.
On the other hand, copying a larger amount of material can
fall within the scope of fair use where the material copied
captures little of the material's creative expression or is
central to a copier's valid purpose. See, e.g., Campbell, 510
U. S., at 588; New Era Publications Int'l, ApS v. Carol Pub-
lishing Group, 904 F. 2d 152, 158 (CA2 1990). If a defend-
ant had copied one sentence in a novel, that copying may
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 29

Opinion of the Court

well be insubstantial. But if that single sentence set forth
one of the world's shortest short stories -- "When he awoke,
the dinosaur was still there." -- the question looks much dif-
ferent, as the copied material constitutes a small part of the
novel but the entire short story. See A. Monterroso, El Di-
nosaurio, in Complete Works & Other Stories 42 (E. Gross-
man transl. 1995). (In the original Spanish, the story reads:
"Cuando despertó, el dinosaurio todavía estaba allí.")
Several features of Google's copying suggest that the bet-
ter way to look at the numbers is to take into account the
several million lines that Google did not copy. For one
thing, the Sun Java API is inseparably bound to those task-
implementing lines. Its purpose is to call them up. For an-
other, Google copied those lines not because of their crea-
tivity, their beauty, or even (in a sense) because of their
purpose. It copied them because programmers had already
learned to work with the Sun Java API's system, and it
would have been difficult, perhaps prohibitively so, to at-
tract programmers to build its Android smartphone system
without them. Further, Google's basic purpose was to cre-
ate a different task-related system for a different computing
environment (smartphones) and to create a platform -- the
Android platform -- that would help achieve and popularize
that objective. The "substantiality" factor will generally
weigh in favor of fair use where, as here, the amount of cop-
ying was tethered to a valid, and transformative, purpose.
Supra, at 25 -- 26; see Campbell, 510 U. S., at 586 -- 587 (ex-
plaining that the factor three "enquiry will harken back to
the first of the statutory factors, for... the extent of per-
missible copying varies with the purpose and character of
the use").
We do not agree with the Federal Circuit's conclusion
that Google could have achieved its Java-compatibility ob-
jective by copying only the 170 lines of code that are "neces-
sary to write in the Java language." 886 F. 3d, at 1206. In
30 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

our view, that conclusion views Google's legitimate objec-
tives too narrowly. Google's basic objective was not simply
to make the Java programming language usable on its An-
droid systems. It was to permit programmers to make use
of their knowledge and experience using the Sun Java API
when they wrote new programs for smartphones with the
Android platform. In principle, Google might have created
its own, different system of declaring code. But the jury
could have found that its doing so would not have achieved
that basic objective. In a sense, the declaring code was the
key that it needed to unlock the programmers' creative en-
ergies. And it needed those energies to create and to im-
prove its own innovative Android systems.
We consequently believe that this "substantiality" factor
weighs in favor of fair use.
D. Market Effects
The fourth statutory factor focuses upon the "effect" of the
copying in the "market for or value of the copyrighted
work." 17 U. S. C.. Consideration of this factor, at
least where computer programs are at issue, can prove
more complex than at first it may seem. It can require a
court to consider the amount of money that the copyright
owner might lose. As we pointed out in Campbell, "verba-
tim copying of the original in its entirety for commercial
purposes" may well produce a market substitute for an au-
thor's work. 510 U. S., at 591. Making a film of an author's
book may similarly mean potential or presumed losses to
the copyright owner. Those losses normally conflict with
copyright's basic objective: providing authors with exclusive
rights that will spur creative expression.
But a potential loss of revenue is not the whole story. We
here must consider not just the amount but also the source
of the loss. As we pointed out in Campbell, a "lethal parody,
like a scathing theatre review," may "kil[l ] demand for the
original." Id., at 591 -- 592. Yet this kind of harm, even if
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 31

Opinion of the Court

directly translated into foregone dollars, is not "cognizable
under the Copyright Act." Id., at 592.
Further, we must take into account the public benefits
the copying will likely produce. Are those benefits, for ex-
ample, related to copyright's concern for the creative pro-
duction of new expression? Are they comparatively im-
portant, or unimportant, when compared with dollar
amounts likely lost (taking into account as well the nature
of the source of the loss)? Cf. MCA, INC. v. Wilson, 677
F. 2d 180, 183 (CA2 1981) (calling for a balancing of public
benefits and losses to copyright owner under this factor).
We do not say that these questions are always relevant
to the application of fair use, not even in the world of com-
puter programs. Nor do we say that these questions are the
only questions a court might ask. But we do find them rel-
evant here in helping to determine the likely market effects
of Google's reimplementation.
As to the likely amount of loss, the jury could have found
that Android did not harm the actual or potential markets
for Java SE. And it could have found that Sun itself (now
Oracle) would not have been able to enter those markets
successfully whether Google did, or did not, copy a part of
its API. First, evidence at trial demonstrated that, regard-
less of Android's smartphone technology, Sun was poorly
positioned to succeed in the mobile phone market. The jury
heard ample evidence that Java SE's primary market was
laptops and desktops. App. 99, 200. It also heard that Sun's
many efforts to move into the mobile phone market had
proved unsuccessful. Id., at 135, 235, 671. As far back as
2006, prior to Android's release, Sun's executives projected
declining revenue for mobile phones because of emerging
smartphone technology. Id., at 240. When Sun's former
CEO was asked directly whether Sun's failure to build a
smartphone was attributable to Google's development of
Android, he answered that it was not. Id., at 650. Given
32 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the evidence showing that Sun was beset by business chal-
lenges in developing a mobile phone product, the jury was
entitled to agree with that assessment.
Second, the jury was repeatedly told that devices using
Google's Android platform were different in kind from those
that licensed Sun's technology. For instance, witnesses ex-
plained that the broader industry distinguished between
smartphones and simpler "feature phones." Id., at 237. As
to the specific devices that used Sun-created software, the
jury heard that one of these phones lacked a touchscreen,
id., at 359 -- 360, while another did not have a QWERTY key-
board, id., at 672. For other mobile devices, the evidence
showed that simpler products, like the Kindle, used Java
software, id., at 396, while more advanced technology, like
the Kindle Fire, were built on the Android operating sys-
tem, id., at 206. This record evidence demonstrates that,
rather than just "repurposing [Sun's] code from larger com-
puters to smaller computers," post, at 16, Google's Android
platform was part of a distinct (and more advanced) market
than Java software.
Looking to these important differences, Google's eco-
nomic expert told the jury that Android was not a market
substitute for Java's software. As he explained, "the two
products are on very different devices," and the Android
platform, which offers "an entire mobile operating stack," is
a "very different typ[e] of produc[t]" than Java SE, which is
"just an applications programming framework." App. 256;
see also id., at 172 -- 174. Taken together, the evidence
showed that Sun's mobile phone business was declining,
while the market increasingly demanded a new form of
smartphone technology that Sun was never able to offer.
Finally, the jury also heard evidence that Sun foresaw a
benefit from the broader use of the Java programming lan-
guage in a new platform like Android, as it would further
expand the network of Java-trained programmers. Id., at
131 -- 133; see also id., at 153 ("Once an API starts getting
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 33

Opinion of the Court

reimplemented, you know it has succeeded"). In other
words, the jury could have understood Android and Java SE
as operating in two distinct markets. And because there
are two markets at issue, programmers learning the Java
language to work in one market (smartphones) are then
able to bring those talents to the other market (laptops).
See 4 Nimmer on Copyright.05[A] (explaining that
factor four asks what the impact of "widespread conduct of
the sort engaged in by the defendant" would be on the mar-
ket for the present work).
Oracle presented evidence to the contrary. Indeed, the Fed-
eral Circuit held that the "market effects" factor militated
against fair use in part because Sun had tried to enter the
Android market. 886 F. 3d, at 1209 (Sun sought licensing
agreement with Google). But those licensing negotiations
concerned much more than 37 packages of declaring code,
covering topics like "the implementation of [Java's] code"
and "branding and cooperation" between the firms. App.
245; see also 4 Nimmer on Copyright.05[A] (caution-
ing against the "danger of circularity posed" by considering
unrealized licensing opportunities because "it is a given in
every fair use case that plaintiff suffers a loss of a potential
market if that potential is defined as the theoretical market
for licensing the very use at bar"). In any event, the jury's
fair use determination means that neither Sun's effort to
obtain a license nor Oracle's conflicting evidence can over-
come evidence indicating that, at a minimum, it would have
been difficult for Sun to enter the smartphone market, even
had Google not used portions of the Sun Java API.
On the other hand, Google's copying helped Google make
a vast amount of money from its Android platform. And
enforcement of the Sun Java API copyright might give Or-
acle a significant share of these funds. It is important, how-
ever, to consider why and how Oracle might have become
entitled to this money. When a new interface, like an API
or a spreadsheet program, first comes on the market, it may
34 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

attract new users because of its expressive qualities, such
as a better visual screen or because of its superior function-
ality. As time passes, however, it may be valuable for a dif-
ferent reason, namely, because users, including program-
mers, are just used to it. They have already learned how to
work with it. See Lotus Development Corp., 49 F. 3d, at 821
(Boudin, J., concurring).
The record here is filled with evidence that this factor ac-
counts for Google's desire to use the Sun Java API. See,
e.g., App. 169 -- 170, 213 -- 214. This source of Android's prof-
itability has much to do with third parties' (say, program-
mers') investment in Sun Java programs. It has corre-
spondingly less to do with Sun's investment in creating the
Sun Java API. We have no reason to believe that the Copy-
right Act seeks to protect third parties' investment in learn-
ing how to operate a created work. Cf. Campbell, 510 U. S.,
at 591 -- 592 (discussing the need to identify those harms
that are "cognizable under the Copyright Act").
Finally, given programmers' investment in learning the
Sun Java API, to allow enforcement of Oracle's copyright
here would risk harm to the public. Given the costs and
difficulties of producing alternative APIs with similar ap-
peal to programmers, allowing enforcement here would
make of the Sun Java API's declaring code a lock limiting
the future creativity of new programs. Oracle alone would
hold the key. The result could well prove highly profitable
to Oracle (or other firms holding a copyright in computer
interfaces). But those profits could well flow from creative
improvements, new applications, and new uses developed
by users who have learned to work with that interface. To
that extent, the lock would interfere with, not further, cop-
yright's basic creativity objectives. See Connectix Corp.,
203 F. 3d, at 607; see also Sega Enterprises, 977 F. 2d, at
1523 -- 1524 ("An attempt to monopolize the market by mak-
ing it impossible for others to compete runs counter to the
statutory purpose of promoting creative expression");
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 35

Opinion of the Court

Lexmark Int'l, 387 F. 3d, at 544 (noting that where a subse-
quent user copied a computer program to foster functional-
ity, it was not exploiting the programs "commercial value
as a copyrighted work" (emphasis in original)). After all,
"copyright supplies the economic incentive to [both] create
and disseminate ideas," Harper & Row, 471 U. S., at 558,
and the reimplementation of a user interface allows crea-
tive new computer code to more easily enter the market.
The uncertain nature of Sun's ability to compete in An-
droid's market place, the sources of its lost revenue, and the
risk of creativity-related harms to the public, when taken
together, convince that this fourth factor -- market effects -- 
also weighs in favor of fair use.
* * *
The fact that computer programs are primarily func-
tional makes it difficult to apply traditional copyright con-
cepts in that technological world. See Lotus Development
Corp., 49 F. 3d, at 820 (Boudin, J., concurring). In doing so
here, we have not changed the nature of those concepts. We
do not overturn or modify our earlier cases involving fair
use -- cases, for example, that involve "knockoff " products,
journalistic writings, and parodies. Rather, we here recog-
nize that application of a copyright doctrine such as fair use
has long proved a cooperative effort of Legislatures and
courts, and that Congress, in our view, intended that it so
continue. As such, we have looked to the principles set forth
in the fair use statute, and set forth in our earlier
cases, and applied them to this different kind of copyrighted
work.
We reach the conclusion that in this case, where Google
reimplemented a user interface, taking only what was
needed to allow users to put their accrued talents to work
in a new and transformative program, Google's copying of
the Sun Java API was a fair use of that material as a matter
of law. The Federal Circuit's contrary judgment is reversed,
36 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion of the Court

and the case is remanded for further proceedings in con-
formity with this opinion.

It is so ordered.

JUSTICE BARRETT took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 37

Opinion
Appendix of the of
to opinion Court
the Court

APPENDIXES
A
Computer System Diagram

Some readers might find it helpful to start with an expla-
nation of what a "software platform" is. Put simply, a soft-
ware platform collects all of the software tools that a pro-
grammer may need to build computer programs. The
Android platform, for instance, includes an "operating sys-
tem," "core libraries," and a "virtual machine," among other
tools. App. 197 -- 198.
The diagram below illustrates the general features of a
standard computer system, with the dotted line reflecting
the division between a computer's hardware and its soft-
ware. (It is not intended to reflect any specific technology
at issue in this case.)

J. Garrido & R. Schlesinger, Principles of Modern Operat-
ing Systems 8 (2008) ("Figure 1.4. An External View of a
Computer System").
38 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

Opinion
Appendix of the of
to opinion Court
the Court

B
Sun Java API Diagram

Programmer Inputs Sun Java API

Method Call Declaring Code
java.lang.Math.max Package java.lang
(4, 10)
public class Math

public static int max
(int x, int y)

Implementing
Code

{ if (x >y), return x
else return y }

This image depicts the connection between the three
parts of the Sun Java API technology at issue, using the
District Court's example. Oracle, 872 F. Supp. 2d, at 980 -- 
981. The programmer enters a method call to invoke a task
from within the API (the solid arrow). The precise symbols
in the method call correspond to a single task, which is lo-
cated within a particular class. That class is located within
a particular package. All of the lines of code that provide
that organization and name the methods, classes, and pack-
ages are "declaring code." For each method, the declaring
code is associated with particular lines of implementing
code (the dotted arrow). It is that implementing code
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 39

Opinion
Appendix of the of
to opinion Court
the Court

(which Google wrote for its Android API) that actually in-
structs the computer in the programmer's application.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

THOMAS, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 18 -- 956
_________________

GOOGLE LLC, PETITIONER v.
ORACLE AMERICA, INC.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FEDERAL CIRCUIT
[April 5, 2021]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins, dis-
senting.
Oracle spent years developing a programming library
that successfully attracted software developers, thus en-
hancing the value of Oracle's products.1 Google sought a
license to use the library in Android, the operating system
it was developing for mobile phones. But when the compa-
nies could not agree on terms, Google simply copied verba-
tim 11,500 lines of code from the library. As a result, it
erased 97.5% of the value of Oracle's partnership with Am-
azon, made tens of billions of dollars, and established its
position as the owner of the largest mobile operating system
in the world. Despite this, the majority holds that this cop-
ying was fair use.
The Court reaches this unlikely result in large part be-
cause it bypasses the antecedent question clearly before us:
Is the software code at issue here protected by the Copy-
right Act? The majority purports to assume, without decid-
ing, that the code is protected. But its fair-use analysis is
wholly inconsistent with the substantial protection Con-
gress gave to computer code. By skipping over the copy-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 A different company, Sun, created the library. But because Oracle

later purchased Sun, for simplicity I refer to both companies as Oracle.
2 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

rightability question, the majority disregards half the rele-
vant statutory text and distorts its fair-use analysis.
Properly considering that statutory text, Oracle's code at is-
sue here is copyrightable, and Google's use of that copy-
righted code was anything but fair.
I
In the 1990s, Oracle created a programming language
called Java. Like many programming languages, Java al-
lows developers to prewrite small subprograms called
"methods." Methods form the building blocks of more com-
plex programs. This process is not unlike what legislatures
do with statutes. To save space and time, legislatures de-
fine terms and then use those definitions as a shorthand.
For example, the legal definition for "refugee" is more than
300 words long. 8 U. S. C.. Rather than repeat
all those words every time they are relevant, the U. S. Code
encapsulates them all with a single term that it then inserts
into each relevant section. Java methods work similarly.
Once a method has been defined, a developer need only type
a few characters (the method name and relevant inputs) to
invoke everything contained in the subprogram. A pro-
grammer familiar with prewritten methods can string
many of them together to quickly develop complicated pro-
grams without having to write from scratch all the basic
subprograms.
To create Java methods, developers use two kinds of code.
The first, "declaring code," names the method, defines what
information it can process, and defines what kind of data it
can output. It is like the defined term in a statute. The
second, "implementing code," includes the step-by-step in-
structions that make those methods run.2 It is like the de-
tailed definition in a statute.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Consider what the relevant text of a simple method -- designed to re-

turn the largest of three integers -- might look like:
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Oracle's declaring code was central to its business model.
Oracle profited financially by encouraging developers to
create programs written in Java and then charging manu-
facturers a fee to embed in their devices the Java software
platform needed to run those programs. To this end, Oracle
created a work called Java 2 Platform, Standard Edition,
which included a highly organized library containing about
30,000 methods. Oracle gave developers free access to these
methods to encourage them to write programs for the Java
platform. In return, developers were required to make their
programs compatible with the Java platform on any device.
Developers were encouraged to make improvements to the
platform, but they were required to release beneficial mod-
ifications to the public. If a company wanted to customize
the platform and keep those customizations secret for busi-
ness purposes, it had to pay for a separate license.
By 2005, many companies were racing to develop operat-
ing systems for what would become modern smartphones.
Oracle's strategy had successfully encouraged millions of
programmers to learn Java. As a result, Java software plat-
forms were in the vast majority of mobile phones. Google
wanted to attract those programmers to Android by includ-
ing in Android the declaring code with which they were now
familiar. But the founder of Android, Andrew Rubin, un-
derstood that the declaring code was copyrighted, so Google
sought a custom license from Oracle. At least four times
between 2005 and 2006, the two companies attempted to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
public static int MaxNum (int x, int y, int z) {
if (x >= y && x >= z) return x;
else if (y >= x && y >= z) return y;
else return z;
}
The first line is declaring code that defines the method, including what
inputs (integers x, y, and z) it can process and what it can output (an
integer). The remainder is implementing code that checks which of the
inputs is largest and returns the result. Once this code is written, a pro-
grammer could invoke it by typing, for example, "MaxNum (4, 12, 9)."
4 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

negotiate a license, but they were unsuccessful, in part be-
cause of "trust issues." App. 657.
When those negotiations broke down, Google simply de-
cided to use Oracle's code anyway. Instead of creating its
own declaring code -- as Apple and Microsoft chose to do -- 
Google copied verbatim 11,500 lines of Oracle's declaring
code and arranged that code exactly as Oracle had done. It
then advertised Android to device manufacturers as con-
taining "Core Java Libraries." Id., at 600. Oracle predict-
ably responded by suing Google for copyright infringement.
The Federal Circuit ruled that Oracle's declaring code is
copyrightable and that Google's copying of it was not fair
use.
II
The Court wrongly sidesteps the principal question that
we were asked to answer: Is declaring code protected by
copyright? I would hold that it is.
Computer code occupies a unique space in intellectual
property. Copyright law generally protects works of au-
thorship. Patent law generally protects inventions or dis-
coveries. A library of code straddles these two categories.
It is highly functional like an invention; yet as a writing, it
is also a work of authorship. Faced with something that
could fit in either space, Congress chose copyright, and it
included declaring code in that protection.
The Copyright Act expressly protects computer code. It
recognizes that a "computer program" is protected by copy-
right. See 17 U. S. C., 117, 506(a). And it defines
" 'computer program' " as "a set of statements or instructions
to be used directly or indirectly in a computer in order to
bring about a certain result.". That definition clearly
covers declaring code -- sets of statements that indirectly
perform computer functions by triggering prewritten imple-
menting code.
Even without that express language, declaring code
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

THOMAS, J., dissenting

would satisfy the general test for copyrightability. "Copy-
right protection subsists... in original works of authorship
fixed in any tangible medium of expression.".
"Works of authorship include... literary works," which are
"works... expressed in words, numbers, or other verbal or
numerical symbols.", 102(a). And a work is "original"
if it is "independently created by the author" and "possesses
at least some minimal degree of creativity." Feist Publica-
tions, Inc. v. Rural Telephone Service Co., 
(1991). The lines of declaring code in the Java platform
readily satisfy this "extremely low" threshold. Ibid. First,
they are expressed in "words, numbers, or other verbal or
numerical symbols" and are thus works of authorship.. Second, as Google concedes, the lines of declaring
code are original because Oracle could have created them
any number of ways.
Google contends that declaring code is a "method of oper-
ation" and thus excluded from protection by. That
subsection excludes from copyright protection "any idea,
procedure, process, system, method of operation, concept,
principle, or discovery, regardless of the form in which it is
described, explained, illustrated, or embodied." This provi-
sion codifies the "idea/expression dichotomy" that copyright
protection covers only the "the author's expression" of an
idea, not the idea itself. Golan v. Holder, 
(2012). A property right in the idea itself "can only be se-
cured, if it can be secured at all, by letters-patent." Baker
v. Selden, (1880). Thus, for example, a
"method of book-keeping" is not protected by copyright, but
the expression describing that accounting method is. Id., at
101 -- 102. So too, a person who writes a book inventing the
idea of declaring code has a copyright protection in the ex-
pression in the book, but not in the idea of declaring code
itself. Google acknowledges that implementing code is pro-
tected by the Copyright Act, but it contends that declaring
6 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

code is much more functional and thus is a "method of op-
eration" outside the scope of protection.
That argument fails. As the majority correctly recog-
nizes, declaring code and implementing code are "inextrica-
bly bound" together. Ante, at 22. Declaring code defines
the scope of a set of implementing code and gives a pro-
grammer a way to use it by shortcut. Because declaring
code incorporates implementing code, it has no function on
its own. Implementing code is similar. Absent declaring
code, developers would have to write every program from
scratch, making complex programs prohibitively time
consuming to create. The functionality of both declaring
code and implementing code will thus typically rise and fall
together.
Google's argument also cannot account for Congress' de-
cision to define protected computer code as "a set of state-
ments or instructions to be used directly or indirectly in a
computer in order to bring about a certain result.". Hence, Congress rejected any categori-
cal distinction between declaring and implementing code.
Implementing code orders a computer operation directly.
Declaring code does so indirectly by incorporating imple-
menting code. When faced with general language barring
protection for "methods of operation" and specific language
protecting declaring code, the " 'specific governs the gen-
eral.' " RadLAX Gateway Hotel, LLC v. Amalgamated
Bank, (2012).
This context makes clear that the phrase "method of op-
eration" in does not remove protection from declar-
ing code simply because it is functional. That interpreta-
tion does not, however, render "method of operation"
meaningless. It is "given more precise content by the neigh-
boring words with which it is associated." United States v.
Williams, (2008). Other terms in the
same subsection such as "idea," "principle," and "concept"
suggest that "method of operation" covers the functions and
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 7

THOMAS, J., dissenting

ideas implemented by computer code -- such as math func-
tions, accounting methods, or the idea of declaring code -- 
not the specific expression Oracle created. Oracle cannot
copyright the idea of using declaring code, but it can copy-
right the specific expression of that idea found in its library.
Google also contends that declaring code is not copyright-
able because the "merger doctrine" bars copyright protec-
tion when there is only one way to express an idea. That
argument fails for the same reasons Google's argu-
ment fails. Even if the doctrine exists, Google admits that
it is merely an application of. And, in any event,
there may have been only one way for Google to copy the
lines of declaring code, but there were innumerable ways
for Oracle to write them. Certainly, Apple and Microsoft
managed to create their own declaring code.
III
The Court inexplicably declines to address copyrightabil-
ity. Its sole stated reason is that "technological, economic,
and business-related circumstances" are "rapidly chang-
ing." Ante, at 15. That, of course, has been a constant
where computers are concerned.
Rather than address this principal question, the Court
simply assumes that declaring code is protected and then
concludes that every fair-use factor favors Google. I agree
with the majority that Congress did not "shiel[d] computer
programs from the ordinary application" of fair use. Ante,
at 18. But the majority's application of fair use is far from
ordinary. By skipping copyrightability, the majority gets
the methodology backward, causing the Court to sidestep a
key conclusion that ineluctably affects the fair-use analysis:
Congress rejected categorical distinctions between declar-
ing and implementing code. But the majority creates just
such a distinction. The result of this distorting analysis is
an opinion that makes it difficult to imagine any circum-
8 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

stance in which declaring code will remain protected by cop-
yright.
I agree with the majority that, under our precedent, fair
use is a mixed question of fact and law and that questions
of law predominate.3 Because the jury issued a finding of
fair use in favor of Google, we must construe all factual dis-
putes and inferences in Google's favor and ask whether the
evidence was sufficient as a matter of law to support the
jury's verdict. See Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 50(b). But whether
a statutory fair-use factor favors one side or the other is a
legal question reviewed de novo. Congress has established
four statutory fair-use factors for courts to weigh.4 Three
decisively favor Oracle. And even assuming that the re-
maining factor favors Google, that factor, without more,
cannot legally establish fair use in this context.
The majority holds otherwise -- concluding that every fac-
tor favors Google -- by relying, in large part, on a distinction
it draws between declaring and implementing code, a dis-
tinction that the statute rejects. Tellingly, the majority

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 I would not, however, definitively resolve Google's argument that the

Seventh Amendment commits the question of fair use to a jury. I tend
to agree with the Court that fair use was not "itself necessarily a jury
issue" when the Constitution was ratified. Markman v. Westview Instru-
ments, Inc., -- 377 (1996). Google cites cases about "fair
abridgment," but Congress has since made clear that copyright holders
have "exclusive rights" over any "abridgment." 17 U. S. C., 106.
And in any event, judges often declined to refer these issues to juries.
See, e.g., Gyles v. Wilcox, 2 Atk. 141, 144, 26 Eng. Rep. 489, 490 -- 491 (Ch.
1740); Folsom v. Marsh, 9 F. Cas. 342, 345 -- 349 (No. 4,901) (CC Mass.
1841) (Story, J). Still, we should not so casually decide this question
when the parties barely addressed it.
4 The factors are: "(1) the purpose and character of the use, including

whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational
purposes; (2) the nature of the copyrighted work; (3) the amount and sub-
stantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a
whole; and (4) the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value
of the copyrighted work." -- (4).
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 9

THOMAS, J., dissenting

evaluates the factors neither in sequential order nor in or-
der of importance (at least two factors are more important
under our precedent5). Instead, it starts with the second
factor: the nature of the copyrighted work. It proceeds in
this manner in order to create a distinction between declar-
ing and implementing code that renders the former less
worthy of protection than the latter. Because the majority's
mistaken analysis rests so heavily on this factor, I begin
with it as well.
A. The Nature of the Copyrighted Work
This factor requires courts to assess the level of creativity
or functionality in the original work. It generally favors fair
use when a copyrighted work is more "informational or
functional" than "creative." 4 M. Nimmer & D. Nimmer,
Copyright.05[A][a] (2019). Because code is predomi-
nantly functional, this factor will often favor copying when
the original work is computer code. But because Congress
determined that declaring and implementing code are cop-
yrightable, this factor alone cannot support a finding of fair
use.
The majority, however, uses this factor to create a dis-
tinction between declaring and implementing code that in
effect removes copyright protection from declaring code. It
concludes that, unlike implementing code, declaring code is
far "from the core of copyright" because it becomes valuable
only when third parties (computer programmers) value it
and because it is "inherently bound together with uncopy-
rightable ideas." Ante, at 23 -- 24.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The fourth factor -- the effect of Google's copying on the potential mar-

ket for Oracle's work -- is "undoubtedly the single most important ele-
ment of fair use." Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc. v. Nation Enterprises,
(1985). The first factor -- the purpose and character of
the use, including whether the use is commercial -- is the second-most
important because it can prove dispositive. See id., at 550 ("[In general,]
the fair use doctrine has always precluded a use that 'supersede[s] the
use of the original' ").
10 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Congress, however, rejected this sort of categorical dis-
tinction that would make declaring code less worthy of pro-
tection. The Copyright Act protects code that operates "in
a computer in order to bring about a certain result" both
"directly" (implementing code) and "indirectly" (declaring
code).. And if anything, declaring code is closer to the
"core of copyright." Ante, at 24. Developers cannot even see
implementing code. Oracle Am., Inc. v. Google Inc., 2016
WL 3181206, *4 (ND Cal., June 8, 2016); see also ante, at
23 (declaring code is "user-centered"). Implementing code
thus conveys no expression to developers. Declaring code,
in contrast, is user facing. It must be designed and orga-
nized in a way that is intuitive and understandable to de-
velopers so that they can invoke it.
Even setting those concerns aside, the majority's distinc-
tion is untenable. True, declaring code is "inherently bound
together with uncopyrightable ideas." Ante, at 23 -- 24. Is
anything not? Books are inherently bound with uncopy-
rightable ideas -- the use of chapters, having a plot, or in-
cluding dialogue or footnotes. This does not place books far
"from the core of copyright." And implementing code, which
the majority concedes is copyrightable, is inherently bound
up with "the division of computing tasks" that cannot be
copyrighted.6 Ante, at 22. We have not discounted a work
of authorship simply because it is associated with noncopy-
rightable ideas. While ideas cannot be copyrighted, expres-
sions of those ideas can. Golan, 565 U. S., at 328.
Similarly, it makes no difference that the value of declar-
ing code depends on how much time third parties invest in
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The majority also belittles declaring code by suggesting it is simply a

way to organize implementing code. Ante, at 22 -- 23. Not so. Declaring
code defines subprograms of implementing code, including by controlling
what inputs they can process. Similarly, the majority is wrong to suggest
that the purpose of declaring code is to connect pre-existing method calls
to implementing code. Ante, at 5. Declaring code creates the method
calls.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 11

THOMAS, J., dissenting

learning it. Many other copyrighted works depend on the
same. A Broadway musical script needs actors and singers
to invest time learning and rehearsing it. But a theater
cannot copy a script -- the rights to which are held by a
smaller theater -- simply because it wants to entice actors to
switch theaters and because copying the script is more effi-
cient than requiring the actors to learn a new one.
What the majority says is true of declaring code is no less
true of implementing code. Declaring code is how program-
mers access prewritten implementing code. The value of
that implementing code thus is directly proportional to how
much programmers value the associated declaring code.
The majority correctly recognizes that declaring code "is in-
extricably bound up with implementing code," ante, at 22 -- 
23, but it overlooks the implications of its own conclusion.
Only after wrongly concluding that the nature of declar-
ing code makes that code generally unworthy of protection
does the Court move on to consider the other factors. This
opening mistake taints the Court's entire analysis.
B. Market Effects
"[U]ndoubtedly the single most important element of fair
use" is the effect of Google's copying " 'upon the potential
market for or value of [Oracle's] copyrighted work.' " Har-
per & Row, Publishers, Inc. v. Nation Enterprises, (1985). As the Federal Circuit correctly deter-
mined, "evidence of actual and potential harm stemming
from Google's copying was 'overwhelming.' " 886 F. 3d 1179,
1209 (2018). By copying Oracle's code to develop and re-
lease Android, Google ruined Oracle's potential market in
at least two ways.
First, Google eliminated the reason manufacturers were
willing to pay to install the Java platform. Google's busi-
ness model differed from Oracle's. While Oracle earned rev-
enue by charging device manufacturers to install the Java
platform, Google obtained revenue primarily through ad
12 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

sales. Its strategy was to release Android to device manu-
facturers for free and then use Android as a vehicle to col-
lect data on consumers and deliver behavioral ads. With a
free product available that included much of Oracle's code
(and thus with similar programming potential), device
manufacturers no longer saw much reason to pay to embed
the Java platform.
For example, before Google released Android, Amazon
paid for a license to embed the Java platform in Kindle de-
vices. But after Google released Android, Amazon used the
cost-free availability of Android to negotiate a 97.5% dis-
count on its license fee with Oracle. Evidence at trial simi-
larly showed that right after Google released Android, Sam-
sung's contract with Oracle dropped from $40 million to
about $1 million. Google contests none of this except to say
that Amazon used a different Java platform, Java Micro
Edition instead of Java Standard Edition. That difference
is inconsequential because the former was simply a smaller
subset of the latter. Google copied code found in both plat-
forms. The majority does not dispute -- or even mention -- 
this enormous harm.
Second, Google interfered with opportunities for Oracle
to license the Java platform to developers of smartphone
operating systems. Before Google copied Oracle's code,
nearly every mobile phone on the market contained the
Java platform. Oracle's code was extraordinarily valuable
to anybody who wanted to develop smartphones, which ex-
plains why Google tried no fewer than four times to license
it. The majority's remark that Google also sought other li-
censes from Oracle, ante, at 33, does not change this central
fact. Both parties agreed that Oracle could enter Google's
current market by licensing its declaring code. But by cop-
ying the code and releasing Android, Google eliminated Or-
acle's opportunity to license its code for that use.
The majority writes off this harm by saying that the jury
could have found that Oracle might not have been able to
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 13

THOMAS, J., dissenting

enter the modern smartphone market successfully.7 Ante,
at 31 -- 32. But whether Oracle could itself enter that market
is only half the picture. We look at not only the potential
market "that creators of original works would in general de-
velop" but also those potential markets the copyright holder
might "license others to develop." Campbell v. Acuff-Rose
Music, Inc., (1994). A book author need
not be able to personally convert a book into a film so long
as he can license someone else to do so. That Oracle could
have licensed its code for use in Android is undisputed.
Unable to seriously dispute that Google's actions had a
disastrous effect on Oracle's potential market, the majority
changes course and asserts that enforcing copyright protec-
tion could harm the public by giving Oracle the power to
"limi[t] the future creativity" of programs on Android. Ante,
at 34. But this case concerns only versions of Android re-
leased through November 2014. Order in No. 3:10 -- cv -- 3561
(ND Cal., Feb. 5, 2016), Doc. 1479, p. 2 (identifying versions
through Android Lollipop 5.0). Google has released six ma-
jor versions since then. Only about 7.7% of active Android
devices still run the versions at issue.8 The majority's con-
cern about a lock-in effect might carry more weight if this
suit concerned versions of Android widely in use or that will
be widely in use. It makes little sense in a suit about ver-
sions that are close to obsolete.
The majority's concern about a lock-in effect also is spec-
ulation belied by history. First, Oracle never had lock-in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 It also suggests that Oracle may have received some incidental bene-

fit from Android. Ante, at 32 -- 33. But even assuming that is true, it
would go to the question of damages, not fair use. And there is no evi-
dence that any benefit came even close to offsetting Oracle's enormous
loss.
8 Rahman, Android Version Distribution Statistics Will Now Only Be

Available in Android Studio (Apr. 10, 2020), https://www.xda-developers.
com/android-version-distribution-statistics-android-studio.
14 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

power. The majority (again) overlooks that Apple and Mi-
crosoft created mobile operating systems without using Or-
acle's declaring code. Second, Oracle always made its de-
claring code freely available to programmers. There is little
reason to suspect Oracle might harm programmers by stop-
ping now. And third, the majority simply assumes that the
jury, in a future suit over current Android versions, would
give Oracle control of Android instead of just awarding
damages or perpetual royalties.
If the majority is going to speculate about what Oracle
might do, it at least should consider what Google has done.
The majority expresses concern that Oracle might abuse its
copyright protection (on outdated Android versions) and
" 'attempt to monopolize the market.' " Ante, at 34 -- 35. But
it is Google that recently was fined a record $5 billion for
abusing Android to violate antitrust laws. Case AT.40099,
Google Android, July 18, 2018 (Eur. Comm'n-Competition);
European Comm'n Press Release, Commission Fines
Google €4.34 Billion for Illegal Practices Regarding Android
Mobile Devices to Strengthen Dominance of Google's
Search Engine, July 18, 2018. Google controls the most
widely used mobile operating system in the world. And if
companies may now freely copy libraries of declaring code
whenever it is more convenient than writing their own, oth-
ers will likely hesitate to spend the resources Oracle did to
create intuitive, well-organized libraries that attract pro-
grammers and could compete with Android. If the majority
is worried about monopolization, it ought to consider
whether Google is the greater threat.
By copying Oracle's work, Google decimated Oracle's
market and created a mobile operating system now in over
2.5 billion actively used devices, earning tens of billions of
dollars every year. If these effects on Oracle's potential
market favor Google, something is very wrong with our fair-
use analysis.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 15

THOMAS, J., dissenting

C. The Purpose and Character of the Use
The second-most important factor -- "the purpose and
character of the use, including whether such use is of a com-
mercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes,"
-- requires us to consider whether use was "commer-
cial" and whether it was "transformative." Campbell, 510
U. S., at 578 -- 579. Both aspects heavily favor Oracle.
Begin with the overwhelming commercial nature of
Google's copying. In 2015 alone, the year before the fair-
use trial, Google earned $18 billion from Android. That
number has no doubt dramatically increased as Android
has grown to dominate the global market share.9 On this
scale, Google's use of Oracle's declaring code weighs heav-
ily -- if not decisively -- against fair use.
The majority attempts to dismiss this overwhelming com-
mercial use by noting that commercial use does "not neces-
sarily" weigh against fair use. Ante, at 27. True enough.
Commercial use sometimes can be overcome by use that is
sufficiently "transformative." Campbell, 510 U. S., at 579.
But "we cannot ignore [Google's] intended purpose of sup-
planting [Oracle's] commercially valuable" platform with
its own. Harper, 471 U. S., at 562 (emphasis in original).
Even if we could, we have never found fair use for copying
that reaches into the tens of billions of dollars and wrecks

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The real value also may be much higher because Android indirectly

boosts other sources of revenue. For years Google has set its search en-
gine as the default engine on Android. Google can use that engine to
collect reams of data used to deliver behavioral advertisements to con-
sumers on desktops. Using control over Android to choose a default
search engine may seem trivial, but Google certainly does not think so.
According to a Goldman Sachs analysis, Google paid Apple $12 billion to
be the default search engine for Safari, Apple's web browser, for just one
year. Leswing, Apple Makes Billions From Google's Dominance in
Search -- And It's a Bigger Business Than iCloud or Apple Music, Busi-
ness Insider, Sept. 29, 2018. Google does not appear to have disputed
this figure.
16 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

the copyright holder's market.
Regardless, Google fares no better on transformative use.
A court generally cannot find fair use unless the copier's use
is transformative.10 A work is "transformative" if it "adds
something new, with a further purpose or different charac-
ter, altering the first with new expression, meaning, or mes-
sage." Campbell, 510 U. S., at 579. This question is "guided
by the examples [of fair use] given in the preamble to."
Id., at 578. Those examples include: "criticism, comment,
news reporting, teaching..., scholarship, or research.". Although these examples are not exclusive, they are
illustrative, and Google's repurposing of Java code from
larger computers to smaller computers resembles none of
them. Google did not use Oracle's code to teach or reverse
engineer a system to ensure compatibility. Instead, to
"avoid the drudgery in working up something fresh," id., at
580, Google used the declaring code for the same exact pur-
pose Oracle did. As the Federal Circuit correctly deter-
mined, "[t]here is nothing fair about taking a copyrighted
work verbatim and using it for the same purpose and func-
tion as the original in a competing platform." 886 F. 3d, at
1210.
The majority acknowledges that Google used the copied
declaring code "for the same reason" Oracle did. Ante, at
25. So, by turns, the majority transforms the definition of
"transformative." Now, we are told, "transformative"
simply means -- at least for computer code -- a use that will
help others "create new products." Ibid; accord, ante, at 26
(Google's copying "can further the development of computer
programs").

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 Although "transformative use is not absolutely necessary" every

time, Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music, Inc., and 
(1994), as a general matter "the fair use doctrine has
always precluded a use that 'supersedes the use of the original,' " Harper,
471 U. S., at 550 (brackets omitted).
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 17

THOMAS, J., dissenting

That new definition eviscerates copyright. A movie stu-
dio that converts a book into a film without permission not
only creates a new product (the film) but enables others to
"create products" -- film reviews, merchandise, YouTube
highlight reels, late night television interviews, and the
like. Nearly every computer program, once copied, can be
used to create new products. Surely the majority would not
say that an author can pirate the next version of Microsoft
Word simply because he can use it to create new manu-
scripts.11
Ultimately, the majority wrongly conflates transforma-
tive use with derivative use. To be transformative, a work
must do something fundamentally different from the origi-
nal. A work that simply serves the same purpose in a new
context -- which the majority concedes is true here -- is de-
rivative, not transformative. Congress made clear that Or-
acle holds "the exclusive rights... to prepare derivative
works.". Rather than create a transformative prod-
uct, Google "profit[ed] from exploitation of the copyrighted
material without paying the customary price." Harper, 471
U. S., at 562.
D. The Amount and Substantiality of the Portion Used
The statutory fair-use factors also instruct us to consider
"the amount and substantiality of the portion used in rela-
tion to the copyrighted work as a whole.". In gen-
eral, the greater the amount of use, the more likely the cop-
ying is unfair. Ibid. But even if the copier takes only a
small amount, copying the " 'heart' " or "focal points" of a
work weighs against fair use, Harper, 471 U. S., at 565 -- 
566, unless " 'no more was taken than necessary' " for the
copier to achieve transformative use, Campbell, 510 U. S.,
at 589.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 Because the majority's reasoning would undermine copyright protec-

tion for so many products long understood to be protected, I understand
the majority's holding as a good-for-declaring-code-only precedent.
18 GOOGLE LLC v. ORACLE AMERICA, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Google does not dispute the Federal Circuit's conclusion
that it copied the heart or focal points of Oracle's work. 886
F. 3d, at 1207. The declaring code is what attracted pro-
grammers to the Java platform and why Google was so in-
terested in that code. And Google copied that code "verba-
tim," which weighs against fair use. Harper, 471 U. S., at
565. The majority does not disagree. Instead, it concludes
that Google took no more than necessary to create new
products. That analysis fails because Google's use is not
transformative. Campbell, 510 U. S., at 586 (recognizing
that this fourth factor "will harken back to the [purpose-
and-character] statutory facto[r]"). This factor thus weighs
against Google.
Even if Google's use were transformative, the majority is
wrong to conclude that Google copied only a small portion
of the original work. The majority points out that the
11,500 lines of declaring code -- enough to fill about 600
pages in an appendix, Tr. of Oral Arg. 57 -- were just a frac-
tion of the code in the Java platform. But the proper de-
nominator is declaring code, not all code. A copied work is
quantitatively substantial if it could "serve as a market sub-
stitute for the original" work or "potentially licensed deriv-
atives" of that work. Campbell, 510 U. S., at 587. The de-
claring code is what attracted programmers. And it is what
made Android a "market substitute" for "potentially li-
censed derivatives" of Oracle's Java platform. Google's cop-
ying was both qualitatively and quantitatively substantial.
* * *
In sum, three of the four statutory fair-use factors weigh
decidedly against Google. The nature of the copyrighted
work -- the sole factor possibly favoring Google -- cannot by
itself support a determination of fair use because holding
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 19

THOMAS, J., dissenting

otherwise would improperly override Congress' determina-
tion that declaring code is copyrightable.12
IV
The majority purports to save for another day the ques-
tion whether declaring code is copyrightable. The only ap-
parent reason for doing so is because the majority cannot
square its fundamentally flawed fair-use analysis with a
finding that declaring code is copyrightable. The majority
has used fair use to eviscerate Congress' considered policy
judgment. I respectfully dissent.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 To be sure, these factors are not necessarily exclusive, but they are

"especially relevant," Harper, 471 U. S., at 560; the majority identifies no
other relevant factors; and I can think of none that could overcome the
overwhelming weight of these key factors.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court.
As originally enacted in 2010, the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act required most Americans to obtain
minimum essential health insurance coverage. The Act
also imposed a monetary penalty, scaled according to in-
come, upon individuals who failed to do so. In 2017, Con-
gress effectively nullified the penalty by setting its amount
at $0. See Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, Pub. L. 115 -- 97, 131 Stat. 2092 (codified in 26 U. S. C. ).
Texas and 17 other States brought this lawsuit against
the United States and federal officials. They were later
joined by two individuals (Neill Hurley and John Nantz).
The plaintiffs claim that without the penalty the Act's min-
imum essential coverage requirement is unconstitutional.
Specifically, they say neither the Commerce Clause nor the
2 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Tax Clause (nor any other enumerated power) grants Con-
gress the power to enact it. See U. S. Const., Art. I,.
They also argue that the minimum essential coverage re-
quirement is not severable from the rest of the Act. Hence,
they believe the Act as a whole is invalid. We do not reach
these questions of the Act's validity, however, for Texas and
the other plaintiffs in this suit lack the standing necessary
to raise them.
I
A
We begin by describing the provision of the Act that the
plaintiffs attack as unconstitutional. The Act says in rele-
vant part:
"(a) Requirement to maintain minimum essen-
tial coverage
"An applicable individual shall... ensure that the
individual, and any dependent... who is an applicable
individual, is covered under minimum essential cover-
age....
"(b) Shared responsibility payment
"(1) In general
"If a taxpayer who is an applicable individual...
fails to meet the requirement of subsection (a)... there
is hereby imposed on the taxpayer a penalty... in the
amount determined under subsection (c).
"(2) Inclusion with return
"Any penalty imposed by this section... shall be in-
cluded with a taxpayer's return... for the taxable
year...." 26 U. S. C..
The Act defines "applicable individual" to include all tax-
payers who do not fall within a set of exemptions. See. As first enacted, the Act set forth a schedule of
penalties applicable to those who failed to meet its mini-
mum essential coverage requirement. See 
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

Opinion of the Court

(2012). The penalties varied with a taxpayer's income and
exempted, among others, persons whose annual incomes
fell below the federal income tax filing threshold. See
(2012). And the Act required that those subject
to a penalty include it with their annual tax return. See
(2) (2012). In 2017, Congress amended the Act by
setting the amount of the penalty in each category in
to "$0," effective beginning tax year 2019. See, 131 Stat. 2092.
Before Congress amended the Act, the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) had implemented by requiring in-
dividual taxpayers to report with their federal income tax
return whether they carried minimum essential coverage
(or could claim an exemption). After Congress amended the
Act, the IRS made clear that the statute no longer requires
taxpayers to report whether they do, or do not, maintain
that coverage. See IRS, Publication 5187, Tax Year 2019,
p. 5 ("Form 1040... will not have the 'full-year health care
coverage or exempt' box and Form 8965, Health Coverage
Exemptions, will no longer be used as the shared responsi-
bility payment is reduced to zero").
B
In 2018, Texas and more than a dozen other States (state
plaintiffs) brought this lawsuit against the Secretary of
Health and Human Services and the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, among others. App. 12, 34. They sought a
declaration that 's minimum essential coverage
provision is unconstitutional, a finding that the rest of the
Act is not severable from, and an injunction
against the rest of the Act's enforcement. Id., at 61 -- 63.
Hurley and Nantz (individual plaintiffs) soon joined them.
Although nominally defendants to the suit, the United
States took the side of the plaintiffs. See Brief for Federal
Respondents 12 -- 13 (arguing that the Act is unconstitu-
tional). Therefore California, along with 15 other States
4 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

and the District of Columbia (state intervenors), intervened
in order to defend the Act's constitutionality, see App. 12 -- 
13, as did the U. S. House of Representatives at the appel-
late stage, see id., at 3.
After taking evidence, the District Court found that the
individual plaintiffs had standing to challenge the constitu-
tionality of the minimum essential coverage provision,. See Texas v. United States, 340 F. Supp. 3d 579,
593 -- 595 (ND Tex. 2018). The court held that the minimum
essential coverage provision is unconstitutional and not
severable from the rest of the Act. It granted relief in the
form of a declaration stating just that. Id., at 595 -- 619. It
then stayed its judgment pending appeal. See Texas v.
United States, 352 F. Supp. 3d 665 (ND Tex. 2018).
On appeal, a panel majority agreed with the District
Court that the plaintiffs had standing and that the mini-
mum essential coverage provision was unconstitutional.
See Texas v. United States, 945 F. 3d 355, 377 -- 393 (CA5
2019). It found that the District Court's severability anal-
ysis, however, was "incomplete." Id., at 400. It wrote that
"[m]ore [wa]s needed to justify" the District Court's order
striking down the entire Act. Id., at 401. And it remanded
the case for further proceedings. Id., at 402 -- 403.
The state intervenors, defending the Act, asked us to re-
view the lower court decision. We granted their petition for
certiorari.
II
We proceed no further than standing. The Constitution
gives federal courts the power to adjudicate only genuine
"Cases" and "Controversies." Art. III,. That power in-
cludes the requirement that litigants have standing. A
plaintiff has standing only if he can "allege personal injury
fairly traceable to the defendant's allegedly unlawful con-
duct and likely to be redressed by the requested relief."
DaimlerChrysler Corp. v. Cuno, (2006)
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

Opinion of the Court

; see also Lujan v. De-
fenders of Wildlife, -- 561 (1992). Neither
the individual nor the state plaintiffs have shown that the
injury they will suffer or have suffered is "fairly traceable"
to the "allegedly unlawful conduct" of which they complain.
A
We begin with the two individual plaintiffs. They claim
a particularized individual harm in the form of payments
they have made and will make each month to carry the min-
imum essential coverage that requires. The in-
dividual plaintiffs point to the statutory language, which,
they say, commands them to buy health insurance. Brief
for Respondent-Cross Petitioner Hurley et al. 19 -- 20. But
even if we assume that this pocketbook injury satisfies the
injury element of Article III standing, see Whitmore v. Ar-
kansas, (1990), the plaintiffs neverthe-
less fail to satisfy the traceability requirement.
Their problem lies in the fact that the statutory provision,
while it tells them to obtain that coverage, has no means of
enforcement. With the penalty zeroed out, the IRS can no
longer seek a penalty from those who fail to comply. See 26
U. S. C. (setting out IRS enforcement only of the
taxpayer's failure to pay the penalty, not of the taxpayer's
failure to maintain minimum essential coverage). Because
of this, there is no possible Government action that is caus-
ally connected to the plaintiffs' injury -- the costs of purchas-
ing health insurance. Or to put the matter conversely, that
injury is not "fairly traceable" to any "allegedly unlawful
conduct" of which the plaintiffs complain. Allen v. Wright,
(1984). They have not pointed to any
way in which the defendants, the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue and the Secretary of Health and Human Services,
will act to enforce. They have not shown how any
other federal employees could do so either. In a word, they
6 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

have not shown that any kind of Government action or con-
duct has caused or will cause the injury they attribute to.
The plaintiffs point to cases concerning the Act that they
believe support their standing. But all of those cases con-
cerned the Act when the provision was indisputably enforce-
able, because the penalty provision was still in effect. See
Brief for Respondent-Cross Petitioner Hurley et al. 22 (cit-
ing Florida ex rel. Atty. Gen. v. United States Dept. of Health
and Human Servs., 648 F. 3d 1235, 1243 (CA11 2011);
Thomas More Law Center v. Obama, 651 F. 3d 529, 535
(CA6 2011); Virginia ex rel. Cuccinelli v. Sebelius, 656 F. 3d
253, 266 -- 268 (CA4 2011)); cf. National Federation of Inde-
pendent Business v. Sebelius, (2012) (as-
sessing the constitutionality of the Act with the penalty pro-
vision). These cases therefore tell us nothing about how the
statute is enforced, or could be enforced, today.
It is consequently not surprising that the plaintiffs can-
not point to cases that support them. To the contrary, our
cases have consistently spoken of the need to assert an in-
jury that is the result of a statute's actual or threatened en-
forcement, whether today or in the future. See, e.g., Babbitt
v. Farm Workers, (1979) ("A plaintiff who
challenges a statute must demonstrate a realistic danger of
sustaining a direct injury as a result of the statute's opera-
tion or enforcement" ); Virginia v. Ameri-
can Booksellers Assn., Inc., (1988) (re-
quiring "threatened or actual injury resulting from the
putatively illegal action" (internal quotation marks omit-
ted)). In the absence of contemporary enforcement, we have
said that a plaintiff claiming standing must show that the
likelihood of future enforcement is "substantial." Susan B.
Anthony List v. Driehaus, (2014); see also
Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923) ("The
party who invokes the power [of Article III courts] must be
able to show, not only that the statute is invalid, but that
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 7

Opinion of the Court

he has sustained or is immediately in danger of sustaining
some direct injury as the result of its enforcement").
The plaintiffs point out that these and other precedents
concern injuries anticipated in the future from a statute's
later enforcement. Here, the plaintiffs say, they have al-
ready suffered a pocketbook injury, for they have already
bought health insurance. They also emphasize the Court's
statement in Lujan that, when a plaintiff is the " 'object' " of
a challenged Government action, " 'there is ordinarily little
question that the action... has caused him injury, and that
a judgment preventing... the action will redress it.' " Brief
for Respondent-Cross Petitioner Hurley et al. 18. But critically, unlike Lujan,
here no unlawful Government action "fairly traceable" to
caused the plaintiffs' pocketbook harm. Here,
there is no action -- actual or threatened -- whatsoever.
There is only the statute's textually unenforceable lan-
guage.
To consider the matter from the point of view of another
standing requirement, namely, redressability, makes clear
that the statutory language alone is not sufficient. To de-
termine whether an injury is redressable, a court will con-
sider the relationship between "the judicial relief re-
quested" and the "injury" suffered. Allen, 468 U. S., at 753,. The plaintiffs here sought injunctive relief and a de-
claratory judgment. The injunctive relief, however, con-
cerned the Act's other provisions that they say are insever-
able from the minimum essential coverage requirement.
The relief they sought in respect to the only provision they
attack as unconstitutional -- the minimum essential cover-
age provision -- is declaratory relief, namely, a judicial
statement that the provision they attacked is unconstitu-
tional. See App. 61 -- 63 ("Count One: Declaratory Judgment
That the Individual Mandate of the ACA Exceeds Con-
gress's Article I Constitutional Enumerated Powers" (bold-
face deleted)); 340 F. Supp. 3d, at 619 (granting declaratory
8 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

judgment on count I as to ); 352 F. Supp. 3d, at
690 (severing and entering partial final judgment on count
I).
Remedies, however, ordinarily "operate with respect to
specific parties." Murphy v. National Collegiate Athletic
Assn., 584 U. S. ___, ___ (2018) (THOMAS, J., concurring). In the
absence of any specific party, they do not simply operate "on
legal rules in the abstract." Ibid. ; see also Mellon, 262 U. S., at 488 ("If a case for
preventive relief be presented, the court enjoins, in effect,
not the execution of the statute, but the acts of the official,
the statute notwithstanding").
This suit makes clear why that is so. The Declaratory
Judgment Act, 28 U. S. C., alone does not provide a
court with jurisdiction. See Skelly Oil Co. v. Phillips Petro-
leum Co., -- 672 (1950); R. Fallon, J. Man-
ning, D. Meltzer, & D. Shapiro, Hart and Wechsler's The
Federal Courts and the Federal System 841 (7th ed. 2015)
(that Act does "not confe[r ] jurisdiction over declaratory ac-
tions when the underlying dispute could not otherwise be
heard in federal court"); see also Poe v. Ullman, (1961) ("[T]he declaratory judgment device does
not... permit litigants to invoke the power of this Court to
obtain constitutional rulings in advance of necessity"). In-
stead, just like suits for every other type of remedy, declar-
atory-judgment actions must satisfy Article III's case-or-
controversy requirement. See MedImmune, Inc. v. Genen-
tech, Inc., -- 127 (2007). At a minimum,
this means that the dispute must "be 'real and substantial'
and 'admit of specific relief through a decree of a conclusive
character, as distinguished from an opinion advising what
the law would be upon a hypothetical state of facts.' " Id.,
at 127 (alteration omitted). Thus, to satisfy Article III
standing, we must look elsewhere to find a remedy that will
redress the individual plaintiffs' injuries.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 9

Opinion of the Court

What is that relief? The plaintiffs did not obtain dam-
ages. Nor, as we just said, did the plaintiffs obtain an in-
junction in respect to the provision they attack as unconsti-
tutional. But, more than that: How could they have sought
any such injunction? The provision is unenforceable. There
is no one, and nothing, to enjoin. They cannot enjoin the
Secretary of Health and Human Services, because he has
no power to enforce against them. And they do
not claim that they might enjoin Congress. In these circum-
stances, injunctive relief could amount to no more than a
declaration that the statutory provision they attack is un-
constitutional, i.e., a declaratory judgment. But once again,
that is the very kind of relief that cannot alone supply ju-
risdiction otherwise absent. See Nashville, C. & St. L. R.
Co. v. Wallace, (1933) (inquiring whether
a suit for declaratory relief "would be justiciable in this
Court if presented in a suit for injunction"); Medtronic, Inc.
v. Mirowski Family Ventures, LLC, 
(2014) (noting that a court looks to "the nature of the threat-
ened action in the absence of the declaratory judgment suit"
to determine whether jurisdiction exists).
The matter is not simply technical. To find standing here
to attack an unenforceable statutory provision would allow
a federal court to issue what would amount to "an advisory
opinion without the possibility of any judicial relief." Los
Angeles v. Lyons, (1983) (Marshall, J., dis-
senting); see also Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environ-
ment, (1998) (to have standing, a plaintiff
must seek "an acceptable Article III remedy" that will "re-
dress a cognizable Article III injury"). It would threaten to
grant unelected judges a general authority to conduct over-
sight of decisions of the elected branches of Government.
See United States v. Richardson, (1974)
(Powell, J., concurring). Article III guards against federal
courts assuming this kind of jurisdiction. See Carney v. Ad-
ams, 592 U. S. ___, ___ (2020).
10 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Last, the federal respondents raised for the first time a
novel alternative theory of standing on behalf of the indi-
vidual plaintiffs in their merits brief. (The dissent, alone,
puts forward a similar novel theory on behalf of the state
plaintiffs.) That theory was not directly argued by the
plaintiffs in the courts below, see 945 F. 3d, at 385 -- 386, and, and was nowhere presented at the certiorari stage.
We accordingly decline to consider it. Cf. Adarand Con-
structors, Inc. v. Mineta, -- 110 (2001) (per
curiam); see also Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005).
B
Next, we turn to the state plaintiffs. We conclude that
Texas and the other state plaintiffs have similarly failed to
show that they have alleged an "injury fairly traceable to
the defendant's allegedly unlawful conduct." Cuno, 547
U. S., at 342 (internal quotation marks omitted; emphasis
added). They claim two kinds of pocketbook injuries. First,
they allege an indirect injury in the form of the increased
use of (and therefore cost to) state-operated medical insur-
ance programs. Second, they claim a direct injury resulting
from a variety of increased administrative and related ex-
penses required, they say, by the minimum essential cover-
age provision, along with other provisions of the Act that,
they add, are inextricably " 'interwoven' " with it. Brief for
Respondent-Cross Petitioner States 39.
1
First, the state plaintiffs claim that the minimum essen-
tial coverage provision has led state residents subject to it
to enroll in state-operated or state-sponsored insurance
programs such as Medicaid, see 42 U. S. C. -- 1396w,
the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), see, and health insurance programs for state employ-
ees. The state plaintiffs say they must pay a share of the
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 11

Opinion of the Court

costs of serving those new enrollees. As with the individual
plaintiffs, the States also have failed to show how this in-
jury is directly traceable to any actual or possible unlawful
Government conduct in enforcing. Cf. Clapper v.
Amnesty Int'l USA, (2013) ("plain-
tiffs bear the burden of... showing that the defendant's ac-
tual action has caused the substantial risk of harm" (em-
phasis added)). That alone is enough to show that they, like
the individual plaintiffs, lack Article III standing.
But setting aside that pure issue of law, we need only ex-
amine the initial factual premise of their claim to uncover
another fatal weakness: The state plaintiffs have failed to
show that the challenged minimum essential coverage pro-
vision, without any prospect of penalty, will harm them by
leading more individuals to enroll in these programs.
We have said that, where a causal relation between in-
jury and challenged action depends upon the decision of an
independent third party (here an individual's decision to
enroll in, say, Medicaid), "standing is not precluded, but it
is ordinarily 'substantially more difficult' to establish "
Lujan, 504 U. S., at 562 ;
see also Clapper, 568 U. S., at 414 (expressing "reluctance
to endorse standing theories that rest on speculation about
the decisions of independent actors"). To satisfy that bur-
den, the plaintiff must show at the least "that third parties
will likely react in predictable ways." Department of Com-
merce v. New York, 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019).
And, "at the summary judgment stage, such a party can no
longer rest on... mere allegations, but must set forth...
specific facts" that adequately support their contention.
Clapper, 568 U. S., at 411 -- 412. The state plaintiffs have not done so.
The programs to which the state plaintiffs point offer
their recipients many benefits that have nothing to do with
the minimum essential coverage provision of.
See, e.g., 42 U. S. C. -- (b) (providing for no-cost
12 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Medicaid services furnished to children and pregnant
women, and for emergency services, hospice care, and
COVID -- 19 testing related services, among others, as well
as "nominal" charges for other individuals and services);
(prohibiting Medicaid premiums for certain indi-
viduals with family income below 150 percent of the poverty
line and capping the premium at 10 percent of an eligible
individual's family income above that line); 26 U. S. C.
(2)(C) (providing premium tax credits to make
health insurance plans, including employer-sponsored
plans, more affordable). Given these benefits, neither logic
nor intuition suggests that the presence of the minimum
essential coverage requirement would lead an individual to
enroll in one of those programs that its absence would lead
them to ignore. A penalty might have led some inertia-
bound individuals to enroll. But without a penalty, what
incentive could the provision provide?
The evidence that the state plaintiffs introduced in the
District Court does not show the contrary. That evidence
consists of 21 statements (from state officials) about how
new enrollees will increase the costs of state health insur-
ance programs, see App. 79 -- 191, 339 -- 363, along with one
statement taken from a 2017 Congressional Budget Office
(CBO) Report, see id., at 306 -- 311.
Of the 21 statements, we have found only 4 that allege
that added state costs are attributable to the minimum es-
sential coverage requirement. And all four refer to that pro-
vision as it existed before Congress removed the penalty ef-
fective beginning tax year 2019, i.e., while a penalty still
existed to be enforced. See id., at 147 -- 148 (decl. of Drew L.
Snyder) (noting "[e]fforts to avoid imposition of the fine
likely prompted more individuals to seek Medicaid from
[Mississippi]"); id., at 154 (decl. of Jennifer R. Tidball) (not-
ing that "Missouri residents were required to seek health
care coverage or pay a penalty to the federal government,"
and while "it is difficult to quantify the exact number of
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 13

Opinion of the Court

Medicaid enrollees that can be attributed to the [Act], dur-
ing the time period the [Act] was implemented the Medicaid
caseload increased"); id., at 341 -- 342 (decl. of Blake Fulen-
wider) (observing that "Georgia residents were necessarily
required to secure health care coverage or pay a fine to the
federal government" and stating that "I believe that the in-
dividual mandate played a substantial role in the increase
in the number of Medicaid recipients since 2011"); id., at
139 (decl. of Mike Michael) (describing costs associated with
"[p]lan changes to cover individual mandate" spread "over
the years of 2013 to 2018").
One other declaration refers to increased costs to the
States as employers, but it is vague as to the time period at
issue. See id., at 347 -- 348 (decl. of Teresa MacCartney)
("After the implementation of the [Act]'s individual man-
date, [Georgia's Department of Community Health] experi-
enced a substantial increase in employee elections to obtain
health insurance").
The state plaintiffs emphasize one further piece of evi-
dence, a CBO Report released in 2017. See id., at 306 -- 311.
At that time, Congress was considering whether to repeal
the minimum essential coverage provision or, instead,
simply set the penalty for failure to obtain coverage to $0
for all taxpayers. The state plaintiffs focus on the para-
graph of the CBO Report that says that either way, the re-
sult would be "very similar," for "only a small number of
people" would continue to enroll in health insurance solely
out of a "willingness to comply with the law." Id., at 307.
And they argue that a "small number" is sufficient (by rais-
ing costs in furnishing Medicaid and CHIP) to provide them
with standing.
In our view, however, this predictive sentence without
more cannot show that the minimum essential coverage
provision was the cause of added enrollment to state health
plans. It does not explain, for example, who would buy in-
surance that they would not otherwise have bought. (For
14 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

example, individuals who purchase insurance on individual
exchanges -- like individual plaintiffs Hurley and Nantz -- 
do not increase the relevant costs to the States of furnishing
coverage.) Nor does it explain why they might do so. The
CBO statement does not adequately trace the necessary
connection between the provision without a penalty and
new enrollment in Medicaid and CHIP. We have found no
other significant evidence that might keep the CBO state-
ment company.
Unsurprisingly, the States have not demonstrated that
an unenforceable mandate will cause their residents to en-
roll in valuable benefits programs that they would other-
wise forgo. It would require far stronger evidence than the
States have offered here to support their counterintuitive
theory of standing, which rests on a "highly attenuated
chain of possibilities." Clapper, 568 U. S., at 410 -- 411; cf.
Department of Commerce, 588 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 11) (District Court did not clearly err in finding that
plaintiffs had standing where plaintiffs relied not only on
"the predictable effect of Government action on the decisions
of third parties" but also on comprehensive studies, rather
than mere "speculation" ).
2
The state plaintiffs add that 's minimum essen-
tial coverage provision also causes them to incur additional
costs directly. They point to the costs of providing benefi-
ciaries of state health plans with information about their
health insurance coverage, as well as the cost of furnishing
the IRS with that related information. See Brief for Re-
spondent/Cross-Petitioner States 20 -- 22.
The problem with these claims, however, is that other
provisions of Act, not the minimum essential coverage pro-
vision, impose these other requirements. Nothing in the
text of these form provisions suggests that they would not
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 15

Opinion of the Court

operate without. See (1)(B)(iii)(II),
(c)(1) (requiring certification as to whether the beneficiary's
plan qualifies for cost-sharing or premium tax credits under
); (2)(B), (c)(1) (requiring certification as to
whether the plan qualifies as an "eligible employer-spon-
sored plan" that satisfies 's employer mandate).
These provisions refer to only to pick up a different
subsection's definition of "minimum essential coverage."
See 26 U. S. C., 6056(b)(2)(B) (incorporating
's definition of "minimum essential coverage"). To
show that the minimum essential coverage requirement is
unconstitutional would not show that enforcement of any of
these other provisions violates the Constitution. The state
plaintiffs do not claim the contrary. The Government's con-
duct in question is therefore not "fairly traceable" to en-
forcement of the "allegedly unlawful" provision of which the
plaintiffs complain -- . Allen, 468 U. S., at 751.
The state plaintiffs complain of other pocketbook injuries.
They say, for example, that, in order to avoid a "substantial
tax penalty," they will have to "offer their full-time employ-
ees (and qualified dependents) minimum essential coverage
under an eligible employer-sponsored plan." Brief for Re-
spondent/Cross-Petitioner States 23. They say that the Act's insistence that
they "expand Medicaid eligibility" has led to "increas[ed]...
Medicaid expenditures." Ibid. And they argue that "the
[Act]'s vast and complex rules and regulations" will require
additional expenditures. Id., at 22 -- 23. They seem to argue that they will have
to pay more to expand coverage for employees who work 30 -- 
39 hours per week, see App. 174, and for those who become
too old to remain in foster care, see id., at 152 -- 153.
Again, the problem for the state plaintiffs is that these
other provisions also operate independently of.
See 26 U. S. C. (establishing an employer man-
date); (4) (establishing employee eligibility for
16 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

employer health plans for employees working 30 -- 39 hours
per week); 42 U. S. C. (10)(A)(i)(IX) (providing
continuing Medicaid coverage for those aged out of foster
care). At most, those provisions pick up only 's
definition of minimum essential coverage in related subsec-
tions. No one claims these other provisions violate the Con-
stitution. Rather, the state plaintiffs attack the constitu-
tionality of only the minimum essential coverage provision.
They have not alleged that they have suffered an "injury
fairly traceable to the defendant's allegedly unlawful con-
duct." Cuno, 547 U. S., at 342.
* * *
For these reasons, we conclude that the plaintiffs in this
suit failed to show a concrete, particularized injury fairly
traceable to the defendants' conduct in enforcing the spe-
cific statutory provision they attack as unconstitutional.
They have failed to show that they have standing to attack
as unconstitutional the Act's minimum essential coverage
provision. Therefore, we reverse the Fifth Circuit's judg-
ment in respect to standing, vacate the judgment, and re-
mand the cases with instructions to dismiss.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 19 -- 840 and 19 -- 1019
_________________

CALIFORNIA, ET AL., PETITIONERS
19 -- 840 v.
TEXAS, ET AL.

TEXAS, ET AL., PETITIONERS
19 -- 1019 v.
CALIFORNIA, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 17, 2021]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring.
There is much to commend JUSTICE ALITO's account of
"our epic Affordable Care Act trilogy." Post, at 1 (dissenting
opinion). This Court has gone to great lengths to rescue the
Act from its own text. Post, at 1 -- 2. So have the Act's de-
fenders, who argued in first instance that the individual
coverage mandate is the Act's linchpin, yet now, in an
about-face, contend that it is just a throwaway sentence.
But, whatever the Act's dubious history in this Court, we
must assess the current suit on its own terms. And, here,
there is a fundamental problem with the arguments ad-
vanced by the plaintiffs in attacking the Act -- they have not
identified any unlawful action that has injured them. Ante,
at 5, 11, 14 -- 16. Today's result is thus not the consequence
of the Court once again rescuing the Act, but rather of us
adjudicating the particular claims the plaintiffs chose to
bring.
I
This Court first encountered the Act in 2011. That case
2 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

THOMAS, J., concurring

involved the constitutionality of the Act's individual cover-
age mandate. National Federation of Independent Business
v. Sebelius, (2012). Despite correctly rec-
ognizing that Congress' enumerated powers did not allow it
to impose such a mandate, the Court nonetheless upheld it
by characterizing the "financial penalty" imposed on those
who failed to comply with the mandate as a "tax." Id., at
574.
That curious approach left us with no need to address a
subsidiary question on which we had also granted review:
whether the Act was inseverable from the mandate and
thus would need to fall if the mandate were unconstitu-
tional. The parties challenging the law argued "yes." And
the Government agreed in part. It stressed that the man-
date could not be severed from two other important features
of the Act: the "guaranteed-issue" provision -- which bars in-
surers from denying coverage based on medical conditions
or history -- and the "community-rating" provision -- which
bars insurers from charging individuals higher premiums
for similar reasons. Brief for Respondents in National Fed-
eration of Independent Business v. Sebelius, O. T. 2011, No.
11 -- 393, pp. 44 -- 54; see 42 U. S. C. -- 1, 300gg -- 3,
300gg -- 4(a), 300gg(a)(1), 300gg -- 4(b).
According to the Government, the mandate was "neces-
sary to make those [other] reforms effective." Brief for Re-
spondents in No. 11 -- 393, at 44. It noted that "Congress's
findings expressly state that enforcement of those provi-
sions without a minimum coverage provision would restrict
the availability of health insurance and make it less afford-
able -- the opposite of Congress's goals in enacting the Af-
fordable Care Act." Id., at 44 -- 45; see (H) -- (J).
And as JUSTICE ALITO discusses in more detail, at the time
we decided NFIB, "it was widely thought that without the
mandate much of the Act -- and perhaps even the whole
scheme -- would collapse." Post, at 1, 27 -- 29.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

This Court also embraced that view when we reencoun-
tered the Act in 2015. King v. Burwell,. Sav-
ing the Act again through a feat of linguistic ingenuity -- 
this time by redefining "State" to mean " 'State or the Fed-
eral Government,' " id., at 498 (Scalia, J., dissenting) -- the
Court explained that "Congress [had] found that the guar-
anteed issue and community rating requirements would not
work without the [mandate]," id., at 482; see also post, at 5
(ALITO, J., dissenting).
But times have changed. In this suit, the plaintiffs assert
that the mandate is unconstitutional because it no longer
imposes financial consequences and thus cannot be justified
as a tax. And given that the mandate is unconstitutional,
other portions of the Act that actually harm the plaintiffs
must fall with it. In response to this theory, the current
administration contends that the mandate can be severed
from the rest of the Act. Letter from E. Kneedler, Deputy
Solicitor General, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court (Feb. 10,
2021) (notifying the Court of the Federal Government's
change in position). The Act's other defenders agree. Brief
for Petitioners 35 -- 49. In other words, those who would pre-
serve the Act must reverse course and argue that the man-
date has transformed from the cornerstone of the law into
a standalone provision.
II
On all of this JUSTICE ALITO and I agree. Where we part
ways is on the relief to which the plaintiffs are entitled. The
Constitution gives this Court only the power to resolve
"Cases" or "Controversies." Art. III,. As everyone
agrees, we have interpreted this language to require a
plaintiff to present an injury that is traceable to a particu-
lar "unlawful" action. Ante, at 5, 11, 14 -- 16; post, at 9 -- 10
(ALITO, J., dissenting). And in light of the specific theories
and arguments advanced in this suit, I do not believe that
4 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

THOMAS, J., concurring

the plaintiffs have carried this burden. As the majority ex-
plains in detail, the individual plaintiffs allege only harm
caused by the bare existence of an unlawful statute that
does not impose any obligations or consequences. Ante, at
5 -- 10. That is not enough. The state plaintiffs' arguments
fail for similar reasons. Although they claim harms flowing
from enforcement of certain parts of the Act, they attack
only the lawfulness of a different provision. None of these
theories trace a clear connection between an injury and un-
lawful conduct.
JUSTICE ALITO does not contest that analysis. Rather, he
argues that the state plaintiffs can establish standing an-
other way: through "inseverability." Post, at 15 ("First, [the
States] contend that the individual mandate is unconstitu-
tional.... Second, they argue that costly obligations im-
posed on them by other provisions of the ACA cannot be
severed from the mandate. If both steps of the States' ar-
gument that the challenged enforcement actions are unlaw-
ful are correct, it follows that the Government cannot law-
fully enforce those obligations against the States"). This
theory offers a connection between harm and unlawful con-
duct. And, it might well support standing in some circum-
stances, as it has some support in history and our case law.
See post, at 16 -- 20; Lea, Situational Severability, 103 Va. L.
Rev. 735, 764 -- 776 (2017).
But, I do not think we should address this standing-
through-inseverability argument for several reasons. First,
the plaintiffs did not raise it below, and the lower courts did
not address it in any detail. 945 F. 3d 355, 386, (CA5
2019). That omission is reason enough not to address this
theory because " 'we are a court of review, not of first view.' "
Brownback v. King, 592 U. S. ___, ___, (2021) (, ). Second, the state plaintiffs did not raise this
theory in their opening brief before this Court, see Brief for
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring

Respondent/Cross-Petitioner States 18 -- 30,1 and they did
not even clearly raise it in reply.2 Third, this Court has not
addressed standing-through-inseverability in any detail,
largely relying on it through implication. See post, at 16 -- 
20; Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, (1998) ("We have often said that drive-by jurisdic-
tional rulings... have no precedential effect"). And fourth,
this Court has been inconsistent in describing whether in-
severability is a remedy or merits question. To the extent
the parties seek inseverability as a remedy, the Court is
powerless to grant that relief. See Murphy v. National Col-
legiate Athletic Assn., 584 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2018) ( -- 4) (THOMAS, J., concurring); see also Barr v. American
Assn. of Political Consultants, 591 U. S. ___, ___, (2020)

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The States instead raised the two pocketbook injury theories dis-

cussed by the Court, ante, at 10; Brief for Respondent/Cross-Petitioner
States 19 -- 28, along with another irrelevant theory. Both theories fo-
cused only on the mandate's unlawfulness. The dissent points to certain
language arguably touching on standing-through-inseverability, post, at
13 -- 14, but I respectfully disagree. That language addresses a different
theory -- the argument that the unlawful mandate harms the States by
increasing the cost of complying with other Act provisions, such as re-
porting requirements relating to the mandate. Ante, at 14 -- 16; Brief for
Respondent/Cross-Petitioner States 20 -- 25 (discussing how "the individ-
ual mandate itself increased the costs to state respondents in at least six
ways" (brackets and internal quotation marks omitted)). As the Court
notes, "[n]o one claims these other provisions violate the Constitution."
Ante, at 16. And, the Court does not address the argument that these
provisions are otherwise unlawful. Ante, at 10 ("declin[ing] to consider"
the standing-through-inseverability theory raised by the dissent "on be-
half of the state plaintiffs").
2 This lack of legal development is particularly significant because

standing-through-inseverability -- assuming it is a legitimate theory of
standing -- is fundamentally a merits-like exercise that requires courts to
apply ordinary principles of statutory interpretation to determine if it is
at least "arguable" that a statute links the lawfulness of one provision to
the lawfulness of another. See Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environ-
ment, (1998). Thus, a failure to develop a standing-
through-inseverability argument poses a significant obstacle to review.
6 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

THOMAS, J., concurring

(plurality opinion) (, ). Thus, standing-
through-inseverability could only be a valid theory of stand-
ing to the extent it treats inseverability as a merits exercise
of statutory interpretation. See post, at 15 -- 16 (ALITO, J.,
dissenting); Lea, supra, at 764 -- 776. But petitioners have
proposed no such theory.
* * *
The plaintiffs failed to demonstrate that the harm they
suffered is traceable to unlawful conduct. Although this
Court has erred twice before in cases involving the Afford-
able Care Act, it does not err today.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 19 -- 840 and 19 -- 1019
_________________

CALIFORNIA, ET AL., PETITIONERS
19 -- 840 v.
TEXAS, ET AL.

TEXAS, ET AL., PETITIONERS
19 -- 1019 v.
CALIFORNIA, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 17, 2021]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins, dis-
senting.
Today's decision is the third installment in our epic Af-
fordable Care Act trilogy, and it follows the same pattern as
installments one and two. In all three episodes, with the
Affordable Care Act facing a serious threat, the Court has
pulled off an improbable rescue.
In the opening installment, National Federation of Inde-
pendent Business v. Sebelius, (2012) (NFIB),
the Court saved the so-called "individual mandate," the
same critical provision at issue in today's suit. At that time,
the individual mandate imposed a "penalty" on most Amer-
icans who refused to purchase health insurance or enroll in
Medicaid, see 26 U. S. C. (2012 ed.), and it was
widely thought that without the mandate much of the Act -- 
and perhaps even the whole scheme -- would collapse. The
Government's principal defense of the mandate was that it
represented a lawful exercise of Congress's power to regu-
late interstate commerce, see U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 3,
2 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

but the Court rejected that unprecedented argument, see
567 U. S., at 572 (opinion of the Court); id., at 561 (opinion
of ROBERTS, C. J.); id., at 648 (joint dissent of Scalia, Ken-
nedy, THOMAS, and ALITO, JJ.). That might have foretold
doom, but then, in a stunning turn of events, the threat to
the ACA was defused when the "penalty" for failing to com-
ply with the mandate was found to be a "tax" and thus to be
justified as an exercise of Congress's taxing power. Id., at
575 (opinion of ROBERTS, C. J.); see also id., at 574 (opinion
of the Court); see U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 1. By a vote of
5 to 4, the individual mandate -- and with it the rest of the
ACA -- lived on.
In the next installment, King v. Burwell, 
(2015), the Court carried out an equally impressive rescue.
One of the Act's key provisions provided subsidies to per-
sons purchasing insurance through exchanges established
by a "State." 26 U. S. C. -- (c) (2012 ed.). When
many States refused to establish such exchanges, the Fed-
eral Government did so instead. But the critical subsidies
were seemingly unavailable on those exchanges, which had
not been established by a "State" in any conventional sense
of the term. Once again, some feared that the Act was in
mortal danger, but the Court came to the rescue by finding
that the Federal Government is a "State." 576 U. S., at
484 -- 498.
Now, in the trilogy's third episode, the Court is presented
with the daunting problem of a "tax" that does not tax. Can
the taxing power, which saved the day in the first episode,
sustain such a curious creature? In 2017, Congress reduced
the "tax" imposed on Americans who failed to abide by the
individual mandate to $0. With that move, the slender reed
that supported the decision in NFIB was seemingly cut
down, but once again the Court has found a way to protect
the ACA. Instead of defending the constitutionality of the
individual mandate, the Court simply ducks the issue and
holds that none of the Act's challengers, including the 18
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

States that think the Act saddles them with huge financial
costs, is entitled to sue.
Can this be correct? The ACA imposes many burdensome
obligations on States in their capacity as employers, and
the 18 States in question collectively have more than a mil-
lion employees.1 Even $1 in harm is enough to support
standing. Yet no State has standing?
In prior cases, the Court has been selectively generous in
allowing States to sue. Just recently, New York and certain
other States were permitted to challenge the inclusion of a
citizenship question in the 2020 census even though any ef-
fect on them depended on a speculative chain of events. See
Department of Commerce v. New York, 588 U. S. ___, ___ -- 
___ (2019) ( -- 11). The States' theory was that
the citizenship question might cause some residents to vio-
late their obligation to complete a census questionnaire and
that this, in turn, might decrease the States' allocation of
House seats and their share of federal funds. Id., at ___.
Last Term, Pennsylvania and New Jersey were permitted
to contest a rule exempting the Little Sisters of the Poor
and other religious employers from the ACA's contraceptive
mandate. Little Sisters of the Poor Saints Peter and Paul
Home v. Pennsylvania, 591 U. S. ___ (2020). There, the the-
ory was that some affected employees might not be able to
afford contraceptives and might therefore turn to state-
funded sources to pay for their contraceptives or the ex-
penses of an unwanted pregnancy.2 Some years ago, Mas-
sachusetts was allowed to sue (and force the Environmental
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See Dept. of Commerce, Bureau of Census, 2020 Annual Survey of

Public Employment & Payroll Datasets, State Government Employment
& Payroll Data (May 2021), www.census.gov/data/datasets/2020/econ/
apes/annual-apes.html.
2 See Pennsylvania v. President of United States, 930 F. 3d 543, 561 -- 

565 (CA3 2019). Although our opinion did not address the issue, we are
required to consider Article III standing in every case that comes before
4 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

Protection Agency (EPA) to regulate greenhouse gases) on
the theory that failure to do so would cause the ocean to rise
and reduce the size of the Commonwealth. See Massachu-
setts v. EPA, -- 526 (2007). On the other
hand, when Texas recently tried to sue to press different
legal issues in an original action, the Court would not even
allow it to file its complaint. See Texas v. California, post,
p. ___ (ALITO, J., dissenting).
In this suit, as I will explain, Texas and the other state
plaintiffs have standing, and now that the "tax" imposed by
the individual mandate is set at $0, the mandate cannot be
sustained under the taxing power. As a result, it is clearly
unconstitutional, and to the extent that the provisions of
the ACA that burden the States are inextricably linked to
the individual mandate, they too are unenforceable.
I
A
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA),
124 Stat. 119, comprehensively reengineered our country's
healthcare laws. The Act itself totals 906 pages, and thou-
sands of pages of regulations have been issued to imple-
ment it. At its core, the ACA includes a series of "closely
interrelated" provisions, NFIB, 567 U. S., at 691 (joint dis-
sent), that impose a bevy of new legal obligations on indi-
viduals, insurers, employers, and States.
A critical component of the Act's design was the individ-
ual mandate, which provides that each "applicable individ-
ual shall... ensure that the individual... is covered under
minimum essential coverage." 26 U. S. C.. Orig-
inally, most individuals who were subject to but disobeyed
this command were liable for what the Act called a
"[s]hared responsibility payment" or "penalty.".
The individual mandate was "closely intertwined" with
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
us. See Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, 
(1998).
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

ALITO, J., dissenting

other critical provisions, King, 576 U. S., at 482, including
the critical "guaranteed issue" and "community rating" pro-
visions, which ensured that individuals with preexisting
medical conditions would not be denied coverage or pay un-
usually high premiums. See, e.g., 42 U. S. C.,
300gg -- 1(a). Put simply, "Congress found that the guaran-
teed issue and community rating requirements would not
work without the" individual mandate. King, 576 U. S., at
482.
Several additional features of the ACA are important in
this suit. First, certain employers, including the state
plaintiffs, must offer employees the opportunity to enroll in
costly "minimum essential [healthcare] coverage," and the
Act demands that such plans cover an employee's depend-
ent children until they turn 26. 26 U. S. C. ; 42
U. S. C. -- 14. Most employers that fail to offer this
coverage are subject to a hefty penalty of thousands of dol-
lars per employee. 26 U. S. C., (b), (c)(1).
The ACA also imposes burdensome reporting require-
ments on certain employers like the state plaintiffs. See, 6056. Under of the Internal Revenue Code,
employers that "provid[e] minimum essential coverage"
must submit documentation every year to both the Internal
Revenue Service and the covered individuals. -- 
(c). Section 6056 imposes similar reporting obligations on
"[e]very applicable large employer" subject to the employer
mandate. See -- (c). Failure to satisfy these re-
porting requirements can result in substantial monetary
penalties. See, 6722.
B
Although the ACA survived this Court's decisions in
NFIB and King, it remained controversial, and in 2017, a
major effort was made to repeal much of it. A bill to do just
that passed the House of Representatives in May, but soon
after failed in the Senate. See American Health Care Act
6 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

of 2017, H. R. 1628, 115th Cong., 1st Sess. (2017). Later
that year, the two Chambers compromised in the Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act (TCJA), Pub. L. 115 -- 97, 131 Stat. 2054, which
set the amount of the "tax" imposed for noncompliance with
the individual mandate at "[z]ero percent" and "$0.", 131 Stat. 2092 (amending 26 U. S. C. ).
What the NFIB Court had salvaged as a "tax" could now
raise no revenue.
C
After the enactment of the TCJA, Texas and 17 other
States brought suit against the United States, the Commis-
sioner of the IRS, the IRS, the Secretary of Health and Hu-
man Services, and the Department of Health and Human
Services to challenge the ACA.3 The state plaintiffs identi-
fied many expenses imposed on them by the ACA, and they
sought declaratory and injunctive relief. In their view, the
individual mandate could no longer be sustained as a "tax,"
and the remainder of the ACA was unenforceable because
it was inseparable from that unconstitutional provision.
Soon thereafter, two individuals joined the States as plain-
tiffs. California, 15 other States, and the District of Colum-
bia intervened to defend the ACA.4 For its part, the Federal
Government agreed that the individual mandate was un-
constitutional but argued that it was severable from almost

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 These States were Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,

Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Mississippi (via its Governor), Missouri, Ne-
braska, North Dakota, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah,
and West Virginia. The State of Wisconsin was also a plaintiff in District
Court but has since been voluntarily dismissed from the suit. Former
Maine Governor Paul LePage attempted to represent Maine as a plaintiff
in the District Court, but was subsequently dismissed from the lawsuit.
4 The state intervenors are California, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii,

Illinois, Kentucky (via its Governor), Massachusetts, Minnesota, New
Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont, Vir-
ginia, and Washington. Colorado, Iowa, Michigan, and Nevada also
joined as additional state intervenors while this suit was on appeal.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 7

ALITO, J., dissenting

all other portions of the ACA.
Ruling on what it construed as a plaintiffs' motion for
partial summary judgment, the District Court declared the
entire ACA unlawful. Texas v. United States, 340 F. Supp.
3d 579, 619 (ND Tex. 2018). It held that the individual
plaintiffs had standing, that the individual mandate could
no longer be sustained as a lawful exercise of Congress's
taxing power, and that the mandate was inseverable from
the remainder of the ACA, including the provisions that im-
pose financial burdens on the state plaintiffs. Id., at 592 -- 
619.
On appeal, the Fifth Circuit affirmed in part and vacated
in part. Texas v. United States, 945 F. 3d 355 (CA5 2019).
It found that both the state plaintiffs and the individual
plaintiffs had standing, and it agreed with the District
Court that the individual mandate could no longer be sus-
tained under the taxing power. But the Court of Appeals
remanded the case and directed the District Court to reas-
sess the broad relief it had ordered.
The state intervenors then filed a petition for a writ of
certiorari seeking review of the Court of Appeals' interlocu-
tory decision. The plaintiffs opposed interlocutory review,
but filed a conditional cross-petition asking us to review the
Court of Appeals' remand decision in the event that the
Court granted the state intervenors' petition. This Court
granted both petitions. 589 U. S. ___ (2020).
II
We may consider the merits of this appeal if even one
plaintiff has standing, Little Sisters of the Poor, 591 U. S.,
at ___, ; Rumsfeld v. Forum for Academic and Institu-
tional Rights, Inc., (2006), but the ma-
jority concludes that no plaintiff -- neither the States that
originally brought suit nor the individual plaintiffs who
later joined them -- has standing under Article III of the
8 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

Constitution. That is a remarkable holding. While the in-
dividual plaintiffs' claim to standing raises a novel ques-
tion, the States have standing for reasons that are straight-
forward and meritorious. The Court's contrary holding is
based on a fundamental distortion of our standing jurispru-
dence.
A
The governing rules are well-settled. To establish Article
III standing, a plaintiff must show: (1) "an injury in fact";
(2) that this injury "is fairly traceable to the challenged con-
duct of the defendant"; and (3) that the injury "is likely to
be redressed by a favorable judicial decision." Spokeo, Inc.
v. Robins, (2016); see also, e.g., Carney v.
Adams, 592 U. S. ___, ___ (2020) ; Hol-
lingsworth v. Perry, (2013); Lujan v. De-
fenders of Wildlife, -- 561 (1992).
In the present suit, there is no material dispute that the
States have satisfied two of these requirements. First,
there is no question that the States have demonstrated an
injury in fact. An injury in fact is "an invasion of a legally
protected interest that is concrete and particularized and
actual or imminent, not conjectural or hypothetical."
Spokeo, 578 U. S., at 339 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). A financial or so-called "pocketbook" injury consti-
tutes injury in fact, and even a small pocketbook injury -- 
like the loss of $1 -- is enough. See Czyzewski v. Jevic Hold-
ing Corp., 580 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ("For
standing purposes, a loss of even a small amount of money
is ordinarily an 'injury' "). Here, the States have offered
plenty of evidence that they incur substantial expenses in
order to comply with obligations imposed by the ACA.
There is likewise no material dispute that these financial
injuries could be redressed by a favorable judgment. The
District Court declared the entire ACA unenforceable, and
that judgment, if sustained, would spare the States from
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 9

ALITO, J., dissenting

the costs of complying with the ACA's provisions. So too
would a more modest judgment limited to only those ACA
provisions that directly burden the States.
The standing dispute in this suit thus turns on traceabil-
ity. See ante, at 14 -- 16. But once this requirement is
properly understood, it is apparent that it too is met.
Our cases explain that traceability requires "a causal con-
nection between the injury and the conduct complained of."
Lujan, 504 U. S., at 560. In other words,
the injury has to be " 'fairly... trace[able] to the challenged
action of the defendant.' " Ibid. ;
emphasis added). We have repeatedly and consistently de-
scribed the traceability inquiry this way. See Spokeo, 578
U. S., at 338 ("The plaintiff must have (1) suffered an injury
in fact, (2) that is fairly traceable to the challenged conduct
of the defendant"); Hein v. Freedom From Religion Founda-
tion, Inc., (2007) (plurality opinion) ("A
plaintiff must allege personal injury fairly traceable to the
defendant's allegedly unlawful conduct" ); DaimlerChrysler Corp. v. Cuno, (2006) ("A plaintiff must allege personal injury
fairly traceable to the defendant's allegedly unlawful con-
duct" ); Bennett v. Spear,
(1997) (requiring "that the injury is fairly
traceable to the actions of the defendant" (internal quota-
tion marks omitted)); Lujan, 504 U. S., at 560 (requiring an
injury "fairly traceable to the challenged action of the de-
fendant" (internal quotation marks and alterations omit-
ted)); Allen v. Wright, (1984) (requiring
an injury "fairly traceable to the Government conduct re-
spondents challenge as unlawful").5 Tracing injuries to par-
ticular conduct ensures that the properly adverse parties

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 There are dozens upon dozens of examples. Some recent cases include
10 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

are before the court and reinforces the traditional under-
standing of legal judgments. See Massachusetts v. Mellon,
(1923) ("If a case for preventive relief be
presented," what the court enjoins are "the acts of the offi-
cial" charged with the law's enforcement).
The States have clearly shown that they suffer concrete
and particularized financial injuries that are traceable to
conduct of the Federal Government. The ACA saddles them
with expensive and burdensome obligations, and those ob-
ligations are enforced by the Federal Government. That is
sufficient to establish standing. As the Court observed in
Lujan, when a party is "an object of the action... at issue,"
"there is ordinarily little question that the action... has
caused [that party] injury" -- i.e., that the injury is traceable
to that action -- "and that a judgment preventing... the ac-
tion will redress it." 504 U. S., at 561 -- 562. That is pre-
cisely the situation here. The state plaintiffs have shown
that they are the object of potential federal enforcement ac-
tions if they do not comply with costly and burdensome ob-
ligations that the ACA imposes.
Consider what the state plaintiffs have shown with re-
spect to the ACA reporting requirements codified at 26
U. S. C. and 6056. These sections provide the basis
for the familiar 1094 and 1095 IRS tax forms. Section 6055
applies to those who "provid[e] minimum essential coverage
to an individual during a calendar year." Subsection (a) of
that provision requires that returns be filed with the IRS,
and subsection (c) requires that similar forms be provided
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Uzuegbunam v. Preczewski, 592 U. S. ___, ___ (2021) ; Car-
ney v. Adams, 592 U. S. ___, ___ (2020) ; Department of
Commerce v. New York, 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) ; Virginia
House of Delegates v. Bethune-Hill, 587 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) ; Gill v. Whitford, 585 U. S. ___, ___ (2018) ; Town of
Chester v. Laroe Estates, Inc., 581 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ;
Bank of America Corp. v. Miami, 581 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ;
and Czyzewski v. Jevic Holding Corp., 580 U. S. ___, ___ (2017).
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 11

ALITO, J., dissenting

to covered individuals. Section 6056 similarly requires cer-
tain large employers to report to both the IRS and employ-
ees about whether they offer health insurance coverage.
The States plainly have demonstrated standing to seek re-
lief from these burdensome reporting obligations.
Start with injury in fact. The States have offered undis-
puted evidence documenting the ongoing financial costs of
complying with these reporting requirements. Missouri, for
example, offered a declaration attesting to spending
$185,061 in fiscal year 2016 on Forms 1094 and 1095. App.
163. That declaration also attested to costs or projected
costs of more than $45,000 for each fiscal year from 2017
through 2021. Ibid. South Dakota provided evidence of
"ongoing" reporting costs totaling $100,000. Id., at 187.
Kansas offered evidence of more than $100,000 in reporting
costs. Id., at 142. These are just a few examples. See also,
e.g., id., at 103 (Texas); id., at 350 -- 351 (Georgia). There is
no question that these undisputed, ongoing financial costs
qualify as injuries in fact. See Jevic Holding Corp., 580
U. S., at ___.
Now turn to traceability. Are these financial injuries
"fairly traceable to the challenged conduct"? Hol-
lingsworth, 570 U. S., at 704. The answer is clearly yes.
The reporting requirements in and 6056 are en-
forceable by the Federal Government, and noncompliance
may result in heavy penalties. Section 6721(a)(1) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code, for example, provides "a penalty" for
the failure to complete an "information return," which in-
cludes reports required by and 6056(a). See 26
U. S. C. (1)(B)(xxiv), (xxv). And (1) pro-
vides "a penalty" for the failure to issue a "payee state-
ment," which includes the reports required by 
and 6056(c). See (2)(GG), (HH). These penalties
can amount to at least $280 per infraction, and they can
quickly run up into the millions of dollars. See,
12 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

6722.6
That leaves redressability, which asks whether the re-
quested relief is likely to redress the party's injury. Steel
Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, 
(1998). Looking to the relief the District Court in fact
granted makes it obvious that the States' injuries in the
form of ongoing reporting expenses are redressable. The
District Court entered a judgment that, among other
things, declared the reporting requirements in and
6056 unenforceable. See 340 F. Supp. 3d, at 619. With that
judgment in hand, the States would be freed from the obli-
gation to expend funds to comply with those require-
ments -- redressing their financial injury prospectively.
The state plaintiffs have similarly demonstrated stand-
ing to seek relief from ACA provisions requiring them to of-
fer expensive health insurance coverage for their employ-
ees. Consider the ACA's requirement that group health
plans and health insurance offerings extend coverage to
adult children until they reach the age of 26. See 42 U. S. C.
-- 14(a). Texas has spent more than $80 million com-
plying with that rule. App. 81. Missouri has spent more
than $10 million. Id., at 159; id., at 157 ("The Missouri Con-
solidated Health Care Plan is a non-federal governmental
health plan which provides insurance coverage for most
state employees"); id., at 159 (Missouri will "indefinitely
continue paying these additional costs").
These obligations, too, are backed by substantial enforce-
ment mechanisms. For instance, the state plaintiffs gener-
ally must offer employees coverage that complies with
-- 14 to avoid violating the employer mandate, see 26
U. S. C., and the failure to comply would expose the
States to penalties of thousands of dollars per employee
each year, see, (b), (c)(1). Similarly, the failure
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Willful failure to comply with the reporting requirements in 

and 6056 can also result in criminal penalties. See 26 U. S. C..
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 13

ALITO, J., dissenting

to cover adult children would expose many state health
plans to penalties under 42 U. S. C. -- 22(b)(2), and
those penalties can amount to $100 per day for each person
offered noncompliant coverage. Ibid. Thus, the States are
presented with the choice of spending millions to cover
adult children or risking untold sums for failing to do so.
In this way, the States' financial injuries from offering
health coverage to adult children are traceable to the loom-
ing threat of enforcement actions. And those financial in-
juries can be prospectively redressed by a declaratory judg-
ment making clear that the States are not, in fact, obligated
to offer health coverage to children up to age 26.
While I have outlined two examples of concrete, tracea-
ble, and redressable injuries demonstrated by the state
plaintiffs, these examples are not exhaustive. The ACA is
an enormously complex statute, and the States have offered
evidence of ongoing financial injuries relating to compliance
with many other different (and enforceable) ACA provi-
sions. See, e.g., App. 81 -- 86 (Texas's compliance costs); id.,
at 139 (Kansas); id., at 158 -- 162, 165 -- 170 (Missouri); id., at
182 -- 184 (South Carolina); id., at 186 -- 190 (South Dakota);
id., at 345 -- 350 (Georgia).
B
The Court largely ignores the theory of standing outlined
above. It devotes most of its attention to two other theories,
see ante, at 4 -- 14, and when it does address the relevant in-
juries, its arguments are deeply flawed.
The Court's primary argument rests on a patent distor-
tion of the traceability prong of our established test for
standing. Partially quoting a line in Allen, the Court de-
mands a showing that the "Government's conduct in ques-
tion is... 'fairly traceable' to enforcement of the 'allegedly
unlawful' provision of which the plaintiffs complain -- ." Ante, at 15. This is a flat-out misstatement of the law and what
14 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

the Court wrote in Allen. What Allen actually requires is a
"personal injury fairly traceable to the defendant's allegedly
unlawful conduct," id., at 751. And what
this statement means is that the plaintiff 's "injury" must
be traceable to the defendant's conduct, and that conduct
must be "allegedly unlawful."7 "Allegedly unlawful" means
that the plaintiff must allege that the conduct is unlawful.
(The States allege that the challenged enforcement actions
are unlawful using a traditional legal argument, see infra,
at 15 -- 20.) But a plaintiff 's standing (and thus the court's
Article III jurisdiction) does not require a demonstration
that the defendant's conduct is in fact unlawful. That is a
merits issue.
If Article III standing required a showing that the plain-
tiff 's alleged injury is traceable to (i.e., in some way caused
by) an unconstitutional provision, then whenever a claim of
unconstitutionality was ultimately held to lack legal
merit -- even after a full trial -- the consequence would be
that the court lacked jurisdiction to entertain the suit in the
first place. That would be absurd, and this Court has long
resisted efforts to transform ordinary merits questions into
threshold jurisdictional questions by jamming them into
the standing inquiry. See, e.g., Arizona State Legislature v.
Arizona Independent Redistricting Comm'n, (2015); Whitmore v. Arkansas, 
(1990); ASARCO Inc. v. Kadish, (1989).
"[S]tanding does not depend on the merits of a claim." Da-
vis v. United States, (2011) (inter-
nal quotation marks and alterations omitted). And " 'juris-
diction is not defeated by the possibility that the averments
[in a complaint] might fail to state a cause of action on
which petitioners could actually recover.' " Steel Co., 523
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Allen repeated that point seven more times, see 768 U. S., at 752, 753, 757 -- 759, and that is precisely what countless other cases require,
see supra, at 9 -- 10, and. But the majority's rejection of the relevant
theory of standing depends on this erroneous description of the law.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 15

ALITO, J., dissenting

U. S., at 89 ;
alterations omitted). Rather, if the challenged action is "al-
legedly unlawful," that suffices for standing purposes. Al-
len, 468 U. S., at 751; see also Whitmore, 495 U. S., at 155
("Our threshold inquiry into standing in no way depends on
the merits of the petitioner's contention that particular con-
duct is illegal" (internal quotation marks and alterations
omitted)).
C
The Court's distortion of the traceability requirement is
bad enough in itself, but there is more. After imposing an
obstacle that the States should not have to surmount to es-
tablish standing, the Court turns around and refuses to con-
sider whether the States have cleared that obstacle. It's as
if the Court told the States: "In order to bring your case in
federal court, you have to pay a filing fee of $100,000, but
we will not give you a chance to pay that money."
The Court says that the States cannot establish standing
unless they show that their injuries are traceable to the in-
dividual mandate, and the States claim that their injuries
are indeed traceable to the mandate. Their argument pro-
ceeds in two steps. First, they contend that the individual
mandate is unconstitutional because it does not fall within
any power granted to Congress by the Constitution. Sec-
ond, they argue that costly obligations imposed on them by
other provisions of the ACA cannot be severed from the
mandate. If both steps of the States' argument that the
challenged enforcement actions are unlawful are correct, it
follows that the Government cannot lawfully enforce those
obligations against the States.
There can be no question that this argument is conceptu-
ally sound. Imagine Statute ABC. Provision A imposes en-
forceable legal obligations on the plaintiff. Provision B im-
poses a legal obligation on a different party. And provision
16 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

C provides that a party is not obligated to comply with pro-
vision A if provision B is held to be unconstitutional. Based
on the plain text of this law, a party subject to provision A
should be able to obtain relief from the enforcement of pro-
vision A if it can show that provision B is unconstitutional.
To hold otherwise would be directly contrary to the statu-
tory text. But the Court's reasoning would make such a
claim impossible. The plaintiff would be thrown out of court
at the outset of the case for lack of standing.
That cannot be right. And if the Court really means to
foreclose all such claims from now on, that is a big change
because we have repeatedly heard such arguments and
evaluated them on the merits. See Lea, Situational Sever-
ability, 103 Va. L. Rev. 735, 769 (2017) (explaining that
similar "claims are a longstanding feature of American ju-
risprudence").
In Seila Law LLC v. Consumer Financial Protection Bu-
reau, 591 U. S. ___ (2020), a law firm resisted the CFPB's
efforts to enforce a civil investigative demand. The firm ar-
gued that (A) it was harmed by actions taken under statu-
tory provisions authorizing the Bureau to issue civil inves-
tigative demands; (B) the Bureau's Director, under whose
authority the demands had been issued, was protected by
an unlawful removal restriction; and (C) the removal re-
striction was inseverable from the investigative provisions.
The Court did not decide the severability issue at the stand-
ing stage. Instead, it properly treated severability as a mer-
its issue, held that the removal restriction was unlawful,
and considered whether relief could be granted because the
investigative provisions were inseverable from the removal
restriction. Id., at ___ -- ___ (opinion of the Court) ( -- 30); id., at ___ -- ___ (plurality opinion) ( -- 
36).
Indeed, the Seila Law Court had little trouble dismissing
the same misguided approach to traceability that the ma-
jority adopts today. The court-appointed amicus suggested
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 17

ALITO, J., dissenting

that there was lack of traceability because there was no
proof that the injury was caused by the removal restriction.
"Our precedents say otherwise," we explained, as a "plain-
tiff 's injury must be fairly traceable to the challenged ac-
tion of the defendant," and it is "sufficient that the chal-
lenger sustains injury from an executive act that allegedly
exceeds the official's authority." Id., at ___ -- ___ (opinion of
the Court) ( -- 10) (internal quotation marks and
alterations omitted). Not a single Justice disputed that con-
clusion.
In Free Enterprise Fund v. Public Company Accounting
Oversight Bd., (2010), an accounting firm
challenged the power of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board to regulate the accounting industry and
investigate its activities. The firm argued that (A) it was
harmed by the actions taken under statutory provisions
that gave the Board regulatory and investigatory authority;
(B) other provisions unlawfully insulated Board members
with dual-layer for-cause removal restrictions; and (C) the
removal provisions were inseverable from provisions au-
thorizing the pertinent regulatory activities. The Court en-
tertained this argument on the merits, concluding that the
removal restriction was unlawful, id., at 492 -- 508, but re-
jecting the argument that the removal provision was inse-
verable from the provisions authorizing the actions that di-
rectly harmed the firm, id., at 508 -- 510. While the Court's
severability determination meant that the accounting firm
was "not entitled to broad injunctive relief against the
Board's continued operations," id., at 513, no one ques-
tioned the firm's standing to seek that relief in the first
place.
In Minnesota v. Mille Lacs Band of Chippewa Indians,
(1999), several Bands of Chippewa Indians
sought a declaratory judgment that an 1837 Treaty gave
their members a right to hunt on historic Chippewa lands.
An 1850 Executive Order had purported to revoke those
18 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

hunting rights, but the Bands argued that (A) one portion
of the Executive Order purported to extinguish their hunt-
ing rights; (B) a different portion of the Executive Order -- 
the "removal order," which had nothing to do with hunting
rights -- was unlawful; and (C) the hunting rights revoca-
tion was inseverable from the removal order and thus inef-
fective. The Court entertained this argument on the merits
and granted relief. It first assumed "that the severability
standard for statutes also applies to Executive Orders." Id.,
at 191. Then it determined that there was "no statutory or
constitutional authority" for the removal order and that the
"Executive Order was insufficient to [revoke hunting
rights] because it was not severable from the invalid re-
moval order." Id., at 193, 195. In other words, the Bands
obtained relief with the same type of argument the state
plaintiffs press here.
In New York v. United States, (1992),
the State of New York challenged three provisions of the
Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Amendments Act of
1985, 99 Stat. 1842, 42 U. S. C. et seq. Significant
for present purposes, the Court accepted New York's chal-
lenge to one of those provisions, 505 U. S., at 174 -- 177, and
rejected its challenges to two others, id., at 171 -- 174, 183 -- 
186. But the Court did not stop there. Instead, it went on
to consider whether New York nonetheless could obtain re-
lief from the other two provisions on the ground that those
provisions were inseverable from the unlawful provision
and thus unenforceable. Id., at 186 -- 187; see Printz v.
United States, (1997) (explaining that
New York "address[ed] severability where remaining provi-
sions at issue affected the plaintiffs"). In other words, the
Court considered whether New York could obtain relief
from the enforcement of independently constitutional pro-
visions where a statute contained (A) two independently
constitutional provisions; (B) an unconstitutional provision;
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 19

ALITO, J., dissenting

and (C) the constitutional provisions were arguably inse-
verable from the unconstitutional provision.
In Alaska Airlines, Inc. v. Brock, (1987), a
group of airlines challenged provisions of the Airline Dereg-
ulation Act of 1978, 92 Stat. 1705, that benefited airline em-
ployees. The airlines argued that (A) enforcement of and
regulations under those provisions injured them; (B) the
Airline Deregulation Act also contained an unlawful legis-
lative veto; and (C) the employee-benefit provisions were
"ineffective" because they were inseverable from the legis-
lative veto provision, 480 U. S., at 680. This Court consid-
ered and unanimously rejected the airlines' argument on
the merits of the severability question, id., at 687 -- 697, but
no one questioned the airlines' standing to seek relief.
The Court's treatment of these arguments in the cases
just discussed is not a modern innovation. In El Paso &
Northeastern R. Co. v. Gutierrez, (1909), for ex-
ample, a railway company challenged a portion of the Em-
ployers' Liability Act of 1906, 34 Stat. 232, that preempted
territorial law more favorable to the railway. The company
argued that (A) a portion of the Act governing U. S. Terri-
tories exposed it to liability in the suit; (B) other portions
affecting intrastate commerce exceeded Congress's Com-
merce Clause power; and (C) the first portion could not be
applied because it was inseverable from the unconstitu-
tional portions. The Court agreed that the interstate com-
merce aspects of the Act were unlawful, but held that they
were severable from the territorial provision. 215 U. S., at
93 -- 98.
In Marshall Field & Co. v. Clark, (1892),
three importers challenged the collection of tariffs under
the McKinley Tariff Act. See Act of Oct. 1, 1890, 26 Stat.
567. They argued that (A) several provisions of the Act im-
posed tariffs on goods they imported; (B) of the Act un-
lawfully delegated legislative powers to the President by
permitting him to suspend the free importation of other
20 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

types of goods; and (C) was inseverable from the provi-
sions imposing tariffs on the goods they imported. The
Court heard the argument on the merits and, after exten-
sive analysis, rejected the non-delegation challenge to.
Id., at 680 -- 694. Because was lawful, the Court did not
"enter upon the consideration" of whether "other parts of
the act, those which directly imposed duties upon articles
imported, would be inoperative" if were unlawful. Id., at
694.
Similarly, in the Trade-Mark Cases, (1879),
this Court reviewed a series of criminal prosecutions for al-
leged violations of an 1876 criminal law prohibiting the
"fraudulent use, sale, and counterfeiting of trade-marks,"
id., at 92. The Court held that (A) the prosecutions under
the 1876 Act could not proceed because (B) an 1870 Act cre-
ating the underlying trademark rights exceeded Congress's
powers under the Commerce Clause, id., at 95 -- 98, and (C)
the 1876 Act underlying the prosecutions was inseverable
from the 1870 Act and thus "falls with it," id., at 99.
There is nothing novel about the state plaintiffs' claims.
What is new and revolutionary is the rule the Court has
concocted to sink those claims.
D
The Court has no real response to the arguments set out
above, so it falls back on the claim that the States forfeited
those arguments because they (1) did not "directly" argue
them in the courts below, (2) did not present them at the
certiorari stage, and (3) did not raise them in this Court.
See ante, at 10. JUSTICE THOMAS makes a forfeiture argu-
ment expressly. See ante, at 4 -- 6, and nn. 1 -- 2 (concurring
opinion).8 There is nothing to any of these arguments.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 In addition to claiming that the States forfeited the standing theory

set out in this dissent, JUSTICE THOMAS's concurrence lists several addi-
tional reasons why we should not address that theory. None is persua-
sive.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 21

ALITO, J., dissenting

Consider the States' standing to seek relief from the IRS
reporting obligations. The States identified these costs in
their complaint, see App. 58 -- 60, Amended Complaint
¶41(i); offered extensive evidence of these costs on summary
judgment, see supra, at 10 -- 11; and argued that these pro-
visions cannot be severed from the individual mandate, see,
e.g., App. 63, Amended Complaint ¶57 ("The remainder of
the ACA is non-severable from the individual mandate,
meaning that the Act must be invalidated as a whole").
They expressly advanced that argument in the Court of Ap-
peals, see Brief for State Appellees in Texas v. United
States, No. 19 -- 10011 (CA5), pp. 23 -- 24, 36 -- 50, and the
Court of Appeals accepted it for standing purposes, see 945
F. 3d, at 384 -- 387. In this Court, the States argued that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
The concurrence invokes the rule that merits decisions that do not dis-
cuss jurisdiction are not of precedential value on jurisdictional issues.
Ante, at 5. This argument is apparently a response to the many cases
(141 years' worth) in which this Court reached the merits of claims struc-
tured like those of the state plaintiffs in the suit at hand. See supra, at
16 -- 20. The suggestion, I take it, is that the plaintiffs in those cases may
have lacked standing and that therefore this Court erred in reaching the
merits. To put the point lightly, that seems unlikely, and even if our
prior decisions have not expressly embraced a standing theory like the
States', there is no reason why a conceptually sound theory should be
rejected just because we never previously saw fit to register express ap-
proval.
JUSTICE THOMAS states that "this Court has been inconsistent in de-
scribing whether inseverability is a remedy or merits question." Ante, at
5. But all that matters for present purposes is that inseverability is not
a standing question. And in all events, the concurrence elsewhere recog-
nizes that severability is a merits question. See ante, at 6 ("[S]tanding-
through-inseverability could only be a valid theory of standing to the ex-
tent it treats inseverability as a merits exercise of statutory interpreta-
tion"); ante, at 5, (treating severability as a merits question under
the framework set forth in Steel Co., 523 U. S., at 89).
Finally, JUSTICE THOMAS suggests that a lack of argument on severa-
bility "poses a significant obstacle to review," ante, at 5, but that
flatly ignores that each party -- not to mention many amici -- extensively
briefed the severability question in this Court.
22 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

they have standing based on these reporting obligations in
their brief opposing the petition filed by California and the
other parties that intervened to defend the ACA, see Brief
in Opposition 17, and in their merits brief, see Brief for Re-
spondent/Cross-Petitioner States 20 -- 22. They specifically
identified the consequences of noncompliance to which
these injuries are traceable, id., at 22 ("Employers can be
sanctioned by the IRS for failing to submit adequate infor-
mation.... In other words, state respondents are compelled
under threat of government sanction to produce [the]
forms"). And they argued that these obligations are not en-
forceable because they are inseverable from the individual
mandate, id., at 36 -- 46; see also id., at 26 -- 27 (discussing
Alaska Airlines, ).
For these reasons, it is clear that the States did not forfeit
the arguments discussed in this dissent.9
* * *
I would hold that the States have demonstrated standing
to seek relief from the ACA provisions that burden them
and that they claim are inseparable from the individual
mandate.
III
Because the state plaintiffs have standing, I proceed to
consider the merits of this lawsuit. That requires assessing
whether the individual mandate is unlawful and whether it
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 If the effect of the Court's decision is dismissal of this action for lack

of Article III jurisdiction, the States may file a new action. See 18A
C. Wright & A. Miller, Federal Practice and Procedure (3d ed.
2020) ("The basic rule that dismissal for lack of subject-matter jurisdic-
tion does not preclude a second action... is well settled"); Hughes v.
United States, 4 Wall. 232, 237 (1866) ("If the first suit was dismissed for... want of jurisdiction... the judgment rendered will prove no bar to
another suit"); Lopez v. Pompeo, 923 F. 3d 444, 447 (CA5 2019). And in
any event, many other parties will have standing to bring such a claim
based on a variety of the ACA's substantive provisions that are arguably
inseverable from the mandate. Our Affordable Care Act epic may go on.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 23

ALITO, J., dissenting

is inseverable from the provisions that burden the States.
I begin with the question whether the individual man-
date falls within a power granted to Congress under Article
I of the Constitution. The Constitution's text and our prec-
edent compel the conclusion that it does not.
The Federal Government "is acknowledged by all to be
one of enumerated powers." McCulloch v. Maryland, 4
Wheat. 316, 405 (1819) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). Ar-
ticle I of the Constitution does not give Congress "plenary
legislative power." Murphy v. National Collegiate Athletic
Assn., 584 U. S. ___, ___ (2018). Instead, it
enumerates certain legislative powers that, while "sizea-
ble," are not "unlimited." Ibid.
When the constitutionality of the individual mandate
was first challenged in NFIB, the Government's primary
defense was that it represented a valid exercise of Con-
gress's power to regulate interstate commerce, but a major-
ity of the Court squarely rejected that argument. See 567
U. S., at 572 (opinion of the Court) ("The Court today holds
that our Constitution protects us from federal regulation
under the Commerce Clause so long as we abstain from the
regulated activity"); see also id., at 561 (opinion of
ROBERTS, C. J.) ("The commerce power thus does not au-
thorize the mandate"); id., at 648 (joint dissent) ("The Act
before us here exceeds federal power... in mandating the
purchase of health insurance"). Likewise, a majority of the
Court rejected the Government's resort to the Necessary
and Proper Clause. See id., at 560 (opinion of ROBERTS,
C. J.); id., at 655 (joint dissent). I agreed with those hold-
ings at the time, and that is still my view. The mandate
cannot be sustained under the Commerce Clause or the
Necessary and Proper Clause, and in this suit, no party
urges us to uphold it on those grounds.
While the NFIB Court rejected the Government's Com-
merce Clause argument, a majority held that the mandate
represented a lawful exercise of Congress's taxing power,
24 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

see id., at 575 (opinion of ROBERTS, C. J.); see also id., at
574 (opinion of the Court), and the House and state inter-
venors now argue that the mandate can still be sustained
on this ground despite the fact that the "tax" it supposedly
imposes is now set at zero. In NFIB, I did not see how the
mandate's penalty could be understood as a tax, see id., at
661 -- 669 (joint dissent), but assuming for the sake of argu-
ment that the majority's understanding was correct at the
time, it is now indefensible.
The Constitution grants Congress the power to "lay and
collect Taxes" "to pay the Debts and provide for the common
Defence and general Welfare of the United States." Art. I, cl. 1. In NFIB, the Court made clear that "the essential
feature of any tax" is that it "produces at least some revenue
for the Government." 567 U. S., at 564 (opinion of the
Court). That limitation follows from the text of the provi-
sion. A tax cannot assist in paying debts or providing for
the general welfare or defense if it raises no money. More-
over, the concept of laying and collecting taxes plainly en-
tails the collection of revenue. At the founding, to "lay" in
the relevant sense meant to "assess; to charge; to impose."
2 N. Webster, An American Dictionary of the English Lan-
guage (1828) (Webster); see also S. Johnson, A Dictionary
of the English Language (10th ed. 1792) (Johnson) ("To
charge as a payment"). To "collect" meant to "gather money
or revenue from debtors; to demand and receive." 1 Web-
ster; see also Johnson ("To gather together"). And a "tax"
was a "rate or sum of money" assessed on certain persons
or property. 2 Webster. Read together, this language
means that Congress is empowered to pass laws that raise
revenue.
In recognizing that raising revenue is an "essential fea-
ture" of any exercise of the taxing power, NFIB built on a
substantial line of precedent. See Department of Revenue
of Mont. v. Kurth Ranch, (1994); United
States v. Kahriger, and (1953); United
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 25

ALITO, J., dissenting

States v. Sanchez, (1950); Sonzinsky v.
United States, -- 514 (1937); A. Magnano
Co. v. Hamilton, (1934). Indeed, the state
intervenors and the House have not identified any statute
ever passed under the taxing power that did not raise reve-
nue. Virginia Office for Protection and Advocacy v. Stewart,
(2011) ("Lack of historical precedent can
indicate a constitutional infirmity... "); see Seila Law, 591
U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 21); Free Enterprise Fund,
561 U. S., at 505. Given this text, history, and precedent,
it is no longer defensible to argue that the individual man-
date can be construed as a lawful exercise of Congress's tax-
ing power, for as it now stands, the mandate will never
"produc[e] at least some revenue for the Government."
NFIB, 567 U. S., at 564 (opinion of the Court). The penalty
for noncompliance is set at 0% and $0. It cannot raise a
cent.
The state intervenors and the House offer several other
arguments to sustain the mandate, but each fails. First,
they suggest that we should interpret the individual man-
date as an exercise of the taxing power based solely on the
precedential effect of the Court's decision in NFIB. But THE
CHIEF JUSTICE's opinion for the Court in NFIB construed
the mandate as a tax only because the individual mandate
"produce[d] at least some revenue for the Government."
Ibid. With that "essential feature" removed, this construc-
tion is foreclosed.
Second, the state intervenors and the House argue that
the Taxing Clause permits Congress to pass a tax and sub-
sequently reduce it to zero. But Congress cannot supple-
ment its powers through the two-step process of passing a
tax and then removing the tax but leaving in place a provi-
sion that is otherwise beyond its enumerated powers.
Third, they analogize the mandate to a delayed or sus-
pended tax -- one that raises no revenue now but could do so
in the future. But, as it currently stands, does not
26 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

delay or suspend the collection of revenue. Unless Congress
amends that provision and provides for it to begin raising
revenue at some future date, the "tax" is permanently set
at zero.
The state intervenors offer one final defense of the indi-
vidual mandate: Even if it cannot be sustained under the
Commerce Clause, Taxing Clause, or Necessary and Proper
Clause, they argue that we should interpret the mandate as
a mere precatory statement. In their view, Congress is free
to urge Americans to take actions that it could not constitu-
tionally require, and that is all it has done here.
This argument fails because the individual mandate is
not a precatory statement. The text of the provision is clear.
It states that every covered individual "shall... ensure
that the individual, and any dependent of the individual..., is covered under minimum essential coverage...." 26
U. S. C.. "Shall" typically means must, not
should. See Kingdomware Technologies, Inc. v. United
States, -- 172 (2016). And the text con-
firms that "shall" means "must" by terming the individual
mandate a "[r]equirement to maintain minimum essential
coverage." ; see also NFIB, 567 U. S., at 663 (joint
dissent) (providing other statutory references to the indi-
vidual mandate as a requirement).
Mere precatory provisions, by contrast, typically use the
word "should" to signify that they are not mandatory, e.g.,
4 U. S. C. ("The flag should never be carried flat or
horizontally, but always aloft and free"), or make clear that
they convey only the "sense of Congress," e.g., 15 U. S. C.
("It is the sense of Congress that States should enact
the Uniform Athlete Agents Act of 2000"). Congress
adopted those very formulations elsewhere in the ACA, see,
e.g., 42 U. S. C. ("It is the sense of Congress that
funds repaid under the loan program... should not be
transferred to the Treasury"), but chose markedly different
language when crafting the individual mandate. Because
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 27

ALITO, J., dissenting

the individual mandate is, in fact, a mandate, it cannot be
considered a mere suggestion to purchase insurance.
For these reasons, I conclude that the individual mandate
exceeds the scope of Congress's enumerated legislative pow-
ers.
IV
This brings me to the next question: whether the state
plaintiffs have shown that the provisions of the ACA impos-
ing burdens on them are inseparable from the unconstitu-
tional individual mandate. I conclude that those provisions
are inextricably linked to the individual mandate and that
the States have therefore demonstrated on the merits that
those other provisions cannot be enforced against them. Ac-
cordingly, the States are entitled to a judgment providing
that they are not obligated to comply with the ACA provi-
sions that burden them.
All the opinions in NFIB acknowledged the central role of
the individual mandate's tax or penalty. In brief, the ACA
aimed to achieve "near-universal" health-care coverage. 42
U. S. C. (D). A major obstacle was the inability of
many individuals to obtain adequate insurance due to the
expensive medical care they were likely to require. To ad-
dress that problem, the ACA included "guaranteed issue"
and "community rating" provisions. These key provisions
prohibit insurance companies from denying coverage or
charging higher premiums to the individuals described
above. And to compensate for the financial impact of these
provisions on insurers, the individual mandate required the
purchase of insurance by persons whose predicted medical
expenses were substantially lower than the premiums they
would pay. See NFIB, 567 U. S., at 547 -- 548 (opinion of
ROBERTS, C. J.); id., at 595 -- 599 (opinion of Ginsburg, J.);
id., at 648 -- 651, 691 -- 696 (joint dissent); see also King, 576
U. S., at 482 ("Congress found that the guaranteed issue
28 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

and community rating requirements would not work with-
out the" individual mandate).
Thus, the guaranteed-issue and community-rating provi-
sions were crucial to the success of the ACA scheme, and a
tax or penalty for noncompliance with the individual man-
date was essential to the ACA's distribution of risks and
burdens. The ACA contains an express finding on exactly
that point:
"The requirement [i.e., the individual mandate] is es-
sential to creating effective health insurance markets
in which improved health insurance products that are
guaranteed issue and do not exclude coverage of pre-
existing conditions can be sold." 42 U. S. C.
(I).
See also NFIB, 567 U. S., at 694 -- 696 (joint dissent) (de-
scribing other statutory provisions declaring that the indi-
vidual mandate works "together" with the rest of the ACA).
In NFIB, the Government agreed that the individual
mandate was inextricably related to those crucial provi-
sions. See id., at 650. And so did Justice Ginsburg's
opinion. See 567 U. S., at 597 ("[T]hese two provisions [i.e.,
the guaranteed-issue and community-rating provisions],
Congress comprehended, could not work effectively unless
individuals were given a powerful incentive to obtain insur-
ance"); see also ibid..
Recognizing this relationship, the joint dissent, after
finding that the individual mandate and Medicaid expan-
sion provision were unconstitutional, concluded that other
provisions of the ACA could not be enforced. We analyzed
this question under what we described as the Court's " 'well
established' " two-part test. Id., at 692 (joint dissent) (quot-
ing Alaska Airlines, 480 U. S., at 684).
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 29

ALITO, J., dissenting

Under this test, the first question was whether the re-
mainder of the ACA would "operate in the manner Congress
intended" without the unconstitutional provisions. NFIB,
567 U. S., at 692. And to satisfy this requirement, we ex-
plained, it was not enough that the remaining provisions
could operate by themselves "in some coherent way." Ibid.
The question, instead, was whether those provisions would
operate as Congress wrote them. Ibid. If this requirement
was met, the second part of the test asked whether "Con-
gress would have enacted [the other provisions] standing
alone and without the unconstitutional portion." Id., at
693; see id., at 692 -- 694.
Applying this test, we concluded that, without the uncon-
stitutional provisions, neither the other ACA provisions we
labeled "major" nor many of those we described as "minor"
could operate as Congress intended. Id., at 697 -- 705. And
we opined that Congress would not have enacted the re-
maining minor provisions by themselves. Id., at 704 -- 705.
We noted that they had been adopted as part of a complex
package deal and that "[t]here [was] no reason to believe
that Congress would have enacted them independently."
Id., at 705.
Nothing that has happened since that decision calls for a
different conclusion now. It is certainly true that the repeal
of the tax or penalty has not caused the collapse of the en-
tire ACA apparatus, but the critical question under the
framework applied in the NFIB dissent is not whether the
ACA could operate in some way without the individual
mandate but whether it could operate in anything like the
manner Congress designed. The answer to that question is
clear. When the tax or penalty was collected, costs were
shifted from individuals previously denied coverage due to
their medical conditions and placed on others who pur-
chased insurance only because the failure to do so was
taxed or penalized. The repeal of the tax or penalty has not
made the costs of the guaranteed-issue and community-
30 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

rating requirements disappear. Those costs have obviously
been shifted to others -- in all likelihood to individuals who
now pay higher premiums or face higher deductibles or to
the taxpayers. This shift fundamentally changed the oper-
ation of the scheme Congress adopted.
The repeal of the tax or penalty also provides no reason
to doubt our previous conclusion about Congress's intent.
While the 2017 Act repealed the tax or penalty, it did not
alter the statutory finding noted above, and the 2017 Act
cannot plausibly be viewed as the manifestation of a con-
gressional intent to preserve the ACA in altered form. The
2017 Act would not have passed the House without the
votes of the Members who had voted to scrap the ACA just
a few months earlier,10 and the repeal of the tax or penalty,
which they obviously found particularly offensive, was their
fallback option. They eliminated the tax or penalty and left
the chips to fall as they might. Thus, under the reasoning
of the NFIB dissent, the provisions burdening the States
are inseverable from the individual mandate.
The same result follows under the new approach to ques-
tions of partial unconstitutionality that some Members of
the Court have adopted in the years since NFIB. They have
suggested the severability analysis should track ordinary
rules of statutory interpretation. Seila Law, 591 U. S., at
___, ___ -- ___ (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and dissenting
in part) (, 20 -- 21). In their view, Congress de-
cides whether the provisions it enacts are linked to one an-
other or not, and the answer lies in the ordinary tools of
statutory construction. And everything the NFIB dissent-
ers said points to the same conclusion as a matter of the
ACA's text, history, and structure. The relevant provisions
were passed as a comprehensive exercise of Congress's

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 Compare 163 Cong. Rec. H4171 (May 4, 2017) (passage of the Amer-

ican Health Care Act, H. R. 1628), with id., at H10312 (Dec. 20, 2017)
(passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, H. R. 1).
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 31

ALITO, J., dissenting

Commerce Clause and (arguably) Taxing Clause powers.
Those powers cannot justify the individual mandate. The
statutory text says the individual mandate is "essential" to
the overall scheme, 42 U. S. C. (I), and it repeat-
edly states that the various provisions work "together,"
NFIB, 567 U. S., at 694 -- 696 (joint dissent). It does not mat-
ter that this language appears in a section entitled "find-
ings" as opposed to a section entitled "severability." Con-
gress can link distinct provisions in any number of ways, on
this view, so long as it does so in the text. The broader stat-
utory history and structure, moreover, reinforce that con-
clusion. The NFIB dissent explained how the ACA's provi-
sions work in tandem to alter the insurance market. 567
U. S., at 691 -- 706. Here, the individual mandate requires
individuals to obtain "minimum essential coverage." 26
U. S. C.. The reporting requirements, in turn,
implement the mandate -- indeed, they explicitly cross-
reference -- by requiring employers to provide infor-
mation about such coverage., 6056(b)(2)(B). And
the adult-children coverage requirement works as part of a
cohesive set of insurance reforms central to the ACA's over-
all structure, which turns on healthy persons' entry into the
market via the individual mandate. See 42 U. S. C.
-- 14(a). The individual mandate is thus inseverable
from the provisions burdening the States under either ap-
proach to severability.
Having determined that the individual mandate is (1) un-
lawful and (2) inseverable from the provisions burdening
the state plaintiffs, the final question is what to do about it.
The answer largely flows from everything I have already
said above. Relief in a case runs against parties, not
against statutes. Supra, at 9 -- 10. And provisions that are
inseverable from unconstitutional features of a statute can-
not be enforced. Supra, at 15 -- 20. No matter how one ap-
proaches the question, then, the answer is clear: Because
the mandate is unlawful and because the injury-causing
32 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

provisions are inextricably linked to the mandate, the fed-
eral defendants cannot enforce those provisions against the
state plaintiffs. And the state plaintiffs are entitled to a
judgment providing as much. That answer comports with
the reasoning of the NFIB joint dissent, which made clear
that the state plaintiffs should not be required to comply
with the provisions of the ACA that burden them. See 567
U. S., at 697 -- 707. And it comports with the remedial ap-
proach others have advocated in recent years. See Murphy,
584 U. S., at ___ (THOMAS, J., concurring) ;
Seila Law, 591 U. S., at ___ (opinion of THOMAS, J.) ; Barr v. American Assn. of Political Consultants, Inc.,
591 U. S. ___, ___ (2020) (GORSUCH, J., concurring in judg-
ment in part and dissenting in part). Thus,
under either the framework used in the NFIB joint dissent
or the alternative framework advocated in subsequent
cases, the state plaintiffs are entitled to relief freeing them
from compliance with the ACA provisions that burden
them.
* * *
No one can fail to be impressed by the lengths to which
this Court has been willing to go to defend the ACA against
all threats. A penalty is a tax. The United States is a State.
And 18 States who bear costly burdens under the ACA can-
not even get a foot in the door to raise a constitutional chal-
lenge. So a tax that does not tax is allowed to stand and
support one of the biggest Government programs in our Na-
tion's history. Fans of judicial inventiveness will applaud
once again.
But I must respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court.
A public high school student used, and transmitted to her
Snapchat friends, vulgar language and gestures criticizing
both the school and the school's cheerleading team. The
student's speech took place outside of school hours and
away from the school's campus. In response, the school sus-
pended the student for a year from the cheerleading team.
We must decide whether the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit correctly held that the school's decision violated the
First Amendment. Although we do not agree with the rea-
soning of the Third Circuit panel's majority, we do agree
with its conclusion that the school's disciplinary action vio-
lated the First Amendment.
I
A
B. L. (who, together with her parents, is a respondent in
this case) was a student at Mahanoy Area High School, a
public school in Mahanoy City, Pennsylvania. At the end of
her freshman year, B. L. tried out for a position on the
2 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

Opinion of the Court

school's varsity cheerleading squad and for right fielder on
a private softball team. She did not make the varsity cheer-
leading team or get her preferred softball position, but she
was offered a spot on the cheerleading squad's junior var-
sity team. B. L. did not accept the coach's decision with
good grace, particularly because the squad coaches had
placed an entering freshman on the varsity team.
That weekend, B. L. and a friend visited the Cocoa Hut,
a local convenience store. There, B. L. used her smartphone
to post two photos on Snapchat, a social media application
that allows users to post photos and videos that disappear
after a set period of time. B. L. posted the images to her
Snapchat "story," a feature of the application that allows
any person in the user's "friend" group (B. L. had about 250
"friends") to view the images for a 24 hour period.
The first image B. L. posted showed B. L. and a friend
with middle fingers raised; it bore the caption: "Fuck school
fuck softball fuck cheer fuck everything." App. 20. The sec-
ond image was blank but for a caption, which read: "Love
how me and [another student] get told we need a year of jv
before we make varsity but tha[t] doesn't matter to anyone
else?" The caption also contained an upside-down smiley-
face emoji. Id., at 21.
B. L.'s Snapchat "friends" included other Mahanoy Area
High School students, some of whom also belonged to the
cheerleading squad. At least one of them, using a separate
cellphone, took pictures of B. L.'s posts and shared them
with other members of the cheerleading squad. One of the
students who received these photos showed them to her
mother (who was a cheerleading squad coach), and the im-
ages spread. That week, several cheerleaders and other
students approached the cheerleading coaches "visibly up-
set" about B. L.'s posts. Id., at 83 -- 84. Questions about the
posts persisted during an Algebra class taught by one of the
two coaches. Id., at 83.
After discussing the matter with the school principal, the
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

Opinion of the Court

coaches decided that because the posts used profanity in
connection with a school extracurricular activity, they vio-
lated team and school rules. As a result, the coaches sus-
pended B. L. from the junior varsity cheerleading squad for
the upcoming year. B. L.'s subsequent apologies did not
move school officials. The school's athletic director, princi-
pal, superintendent, and school board, all affirmed B. L.'s
suspension from the team. In response, B. L., together with
her parents, filed this lawsuit in Federal District Court.
B
The District Court found in B. L.'s favor. It first granted
a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction
ordering the school to reinstate B. L. to the cheerleading
team. In granting B. L.'s subsequent motion for summary
judgment, the District Court found that B. L.'s Snapchats
had not caused substantial disruption at the school. Cf.
Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Community School Dist.,
(1969). Consequently, the District Court de-
clared that B. L.'s punishment violated the First Amend-
ment, and it awarded B. L. nominal damages and attorneys'
fees and ordered the school to expunge her disciplinary rec-
ord.
On appeal, a panel of the Third Circuit affirmed the Dis-
trict Court's conclusion. See 964 F. 3d 170, 194 (2020). In
so doing, the majority noted that this Court had previously
held in Tinker that a public high school could not constitu-
tionally prohibit a peaceful student political demonstration
consisting of " 'pure speech' " on school property during the
school day. 393 U. S., at 505 -- 506, 514. In reaching its con-
clusion in Tinker, this Court emphasized that there was no
evidence the student protest would "substantially interfere
with the work of the school or impinge upon the rights of
other students." Id., at 509. But the Court also said that:
"[C]onduct by [a] student, in class or out of it, which for any
4 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

Opinion of the Court

reason -- whether it stems from time, place, or type of be-
havior -- materially disrupts classwork or involves substan-
tial disorder or invasion of the rights of others is... not
immunized by the constitutional guarantee of freedom of
speech." Id., at 513.
Many courts have taken this statement as setting a
standard -- a standard that allows schools considerable free-
dom on campus to discipline students for conduct that the
First Amendment might otherwise protect. But here, the
panel majority held that this additional freedom did "not
apply to off-campus speech," which it defined as "speech
that is outside school-owned, -operated, or -supervised
channels and that is not reasonably interpreted as bearing
the school's imprimatur." 964 F. 3d, at 189. Because B. L.'s
speech took place off campus, the panel concluded that the
Tinker standard did not apply and the school consequently
could not discipline B. L. for engaging in a form of pure
speech.
A concurring member of the panel agreed with the major-
ity's result but wrote that the school had not sufficiently
justified disciplining B. L. because, whether the Tinker
standard did or did not apply, B. L.'s speech was not sub-
stantially disruptive.
C
The school district filed a petition for certiorari in this
Court, asking us to decide "[w]hether [Tinker], which holds
that public school officials may regulate speech that would
materially and substantially disrupt the work and disci-
pline of the school, applies to student speech that occurs off
campus." Pet. for Cert. I. We granted the petition.
II
We have made clear that students do not "shed their con-
stitutional rights to freedom of speech or expression," even
"at the school house gate." Tinker, 393 U. S., at 506; see
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

Opinion of the Court

also Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Assn., (2011) ("[M]inors are entitled to a significant meas-
ure of First Amendment protection" (alteration in original;
internal quotation marks omitted)). But we have also made
clear that courts must apply the First Amendment "in light
of the special characteristics of the school environment."
Hazelwood School Dist. v. Kuhlmeier, 
(1988). One such char-
acteristic, which we have stressed, is the fact that schools
at times stand in loco parentis, i.e., in the place of parents.
See Bethel School Dist. No. 403 v. Fraser, 
(1986).
This Court has previously outlined three specific catego-
ries of student speech that schools may regulate in certain
circumstances: (1) "indecent," "lewd," or "vulgar" speech ut-
tered during a school assembly on school grounds, see id.,
at 685; (2) speech, uttered during a class trip, that promotes
"illegal drug use," see Morse v. Frederick, 
(2007); and (3) speech that others may reasonably perceive
as "bear[ing] the imprimatur of the school," such as that ap-
pearing in a school-sponsored newspaper, see Kuhlmeier,
484 U. S., at 271.
Finally, in Tinker, we said schools have a special interest
in regulating speech that "materially disrupts classwork or
involves substantial disorder or invasion of the rights of
others." 393 U. S., at 513. These special characteristics call
for special leeway when schools regulate speech that occurs
under its supervision.
Unlike the Third Circuit, we do not believe the special
characteristics that give schools additional license to regu-
late student speech always disappear when a school regu-
lates speech that takes place off campus. The school's reg-
ulatory interests remain significant in some off-campus
circumstances. The parties' briefs, and those of amici, list
several types of off-campus behavior that may call for school
6 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

Opinion of the Court

regulation. These include serious or severe bullying or har-
assment targeting particular individuals; threats aimed at
teachers or other students; the failure to follow rules con-
cerning lessons, the writing of papers, the use of computers,
or participation in other online school activities; and
breaches of school security devices, including material
maintained within school computers.
Even B. L. herself and the amici supporting her would
redefine the Third Circuit's off-campus/on-campus distinc-
tion, treating as on campus: all times when the school is
responsible for the student; the school's immediate sur-
roundings; travel en route to and from the school; all speech
taking place over school laptops or on a school's website;
speech taking place during remote learning; activities
taken for school credit; and communications to school e-
mail accounts or phones. Brief for Respondents 36 -- 37. And
it may be that speech related to extracurricular activities,
such as team sports, would also receive special treatment
under B. L.'s proposed rule. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 71, 85.
We are uncertain as to the length or content of any such
list of appropriate exceptions or carveouts to the Third Cir-
cuit majority's rule. That rule, basically, if not entirely,
would deny the off-campus applicability of Tinker's highly
general statement about the nature of a school's special in-
terests. Particularly given the advent of computer-based
learning, we hesitate to determine precisely which of many
school-related off-campus activities belong on such a list.
Neither do we now know how such a list might vary, de-
pending upon a student's age, the nature of the school's off-
campus activity, or the impact upon the school itself. Thus,
we do not now set forth a broad, highly general First
Amendment rule stating just what counts as "off campus"
speech and whether or how ordinary First Amendment
standards must give way off campus to a school's special
need to prevent, e.g., substantial disruption of learning-re-
lated activities or the protection of those who make up a
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 7

Opinion of the Court

school community.
We can, however, mention three features of off-campus
speech that often, even if not always, distinguish schools'
efforts to regulate that speech from their efforts to regulate
on-campus speech. Those features diminish the strength of
the unique educational characteristics that might call for
special First Amendment leeway.
First, a school, in relation to off-campus speech, will
rarely stand in loco parentis. The doctrine of in loco paren-
tis treats school administrators as standing in the place of
students' parents under circumstances where the children's
actual parents cannot protect, guide, and discipline them.
Geographically speaking, off-campus speech will normally
fall within the zone of parental, rather than school-related,
responsibility.
Second, from the student speaker's perspective, regula-
tions of off-campus speech, when coupled with regulations
of on-campus speech, include all the speech a student utters
during the full 24-hour day. That means courts must be
more skeptical of a school's efforts to regulate off-campus
speech, for doing so may mean the student cannot engage
in that kind of speech at all. When it comes to political or
religious speech that occurs outside school or a school pro-
gram or activity, the school will have a heavy burden to jus-
tify intervention.
Third, the school itself has an interest in protecting a stu-
dent's unpopular expression, especially when the expres-
sion takes place off campus. America's public schools are
the nurseries of democracy. Our representative democracy
only works if we protect the "marketplace of ideas." This
free exchange facilitates an informed public opinion, which,
when transmitted to lawmakers, helps produce laws that
reflect the People's will. That protection must include the
protection of unpopular ideas, for popular ideas have less
need for protection. Thus, schools have a strong interest in
ensuring that future generations understand the workings
8 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

Opinion of the Court

in practice of the well-known aphorism, "I disapprove of
what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to
say it." (Although this quote is often attributed to Voltaire,
it was likely coined by an English writer, Evelyn Beatrice
Hall.)
Given the many different kinds of off-campus speech, the
different potential school-related and circumstance-specific
justifications, and the differing extent to which those justi-
fications may call for First Amendment leeway, we can, as
a general matter, say little more than this: Taken together,
these three features of much off-campus speech mean that
the leeway the First Amendment grants to schools in light
of their special characteristics is diminished. We leave for
future cases to decide where, when, and how these features
mean the speaker's off-campus location will make the criti-
cal difference. This case can, however, provide one exam-
ple.
III
Consider B. L.'s speech. Putting aside the vulgar lan-
guage, the listener would hear criticism, of the team, the
team's coaches, and the school -- in a word or two, criticism
of the rules of a community of which B. L. forms a part. This
criticism did not involve features that would place it outside
the First Amendment's ordinary protection. B. L.'s posts,
while crude, did not amount to fighting words. See Chap-
linsky v. New Hampshire, (1942). And while
B. L. used vulgarity, her speech was not obscene as this
Court has understood that term. See Cohen v. California,
-- 20 (1971). To the contrary, B. L. uttered
the kind of pure speech to which, were she an adult, the
First Amendment would provide strong protection. See id.,
at 24; cf. Snyder v. Phelps, (2011) (First
Amendment protects "even hurtful speech on public issues
to ensure that we do not stifle public debate"); Rankin v.
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 9

Opinion of the Court

McPherson, (1987) ("The inappropri-
ate... character of a statement is irrelevant to the question
whether it deals with a matter of public concern").
Consider too when, where, and how B. L. spoke. Her
posts appeared outside of school hours from a location out-
side the school. She did not identify the school in her posts
or target any member of the school community with vulgar
or abusive language. B. L. also transmitted her speech
through a personal cellphone, to an audience consisting of
her private circle of Snapchat friends. These features of her
speech, while risking transmission to the school itself, none-
theless (for reasons we have just explained, supra, at 7 -- 8)
diminish the school's interest in punishing B. L.'s utter-
ance.
But what about the school's interest, here primarily an
interest in prohibiting students from using vulgar language
to criticize a school team or its coaches -- at least when that
criticism might well be transmitted to other students, team
members, coaches, and faculty? We can break that general
interest into three parts.
First, we consider the school's interest in teaching good
manners and consequently in punishing the use of vulgar
language aimed at part of the school community. See App.
35 (indicating that coaches removed B. L. from the cheer
team because "there was profanity in [her] Snap and it was
directed towards cheerleading"); see also id., at 27, 47, and, 78, 82. The strength of this anti-vulgarity interest is
weakened considerably by the fact that B. L. spoke outside
the school on her own time. See Morse, 551 U. S., at 405
(clarifying that although a school can regulate a student's
use of sexual innuendo in a speech given within the school,
if the student "delivered the same speech in a public forum
outside the school context, it would have been protected");
see also Fraser, 478 U. S., at 688 (Brennan, J., concurring
in judgment) (noting that if the student in Fraser "had
given the same speech outside of the school environment,
10 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

Opinion of the Court

he could not have been penalized simply because govern-
ment officials considered his language to be inappropri-
ate").
B. L. spoke under circumstances where the school did not
stand in loco parentis. And there is no reason to believe
B. L.'s parents had delegated to school officials their own
control of B. L.'s behavior at the Cocoa Hut. Moreover, the
vulgarity in B. L.'s posts encompassed a message, an ex-
pression of B. L.'s irritation with, and criticism of, the
school and cheerleading communities. Further, the school
has presented no evidence of any general effort to prevent
students from using vulgarity outside the classroom. To-
gether, these facts convince us that the school's interest in
teaching good manners is not sufficient, in this case, to
overcome B. L.'s interest in free expression.
Second, the school argues that it was trying to prevent
disruption, if not within the classroom, then within the
bounds of a school-sponsored extracurricular activity. But
we can find no evidence in the record of the sort of "substan-
tial disruption" of a school activity or a threatened harm to
the rights of others that might justify the school's action.
Tinker, 393 U. S., at 514. Rather, the record shows that
discussion of the matter took, at most, 5 to 10 minutes of an
Algebra class "for just a couple of days" and that some mem-
bers of the cheerleading team were "upset" about the con-
tent of B. L.'s Snapchats. App. 82 -- 83. But when one of
B. L.'s coaches was asked directly if she had "any reason to
think that this particular incident would disrupt class or
school activities other than the fact that kids kept ask-
ing... about it," she responded simply, "No." Id., at 84. As
we said in Tinker, "for the State in the person of school offi-
cials to justify prohibition of a particular expression of opin-
ion, it must be able to show that its action was caused by
something more than a mere desire to avoid the discomfort
and unpleasantness that always accompany an unpopular
viewpoint." 393 U. S., at 509. The alleged disturbance here
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 11

Opinion of the Court

does not meet Tinker's demanding standard.
Third, the school presented some evidence that expresses
(at least indirectly) a concern for team morale. One of the
coaches testified that the school decided to suspend B. L.,
not because of any specific negative impact upon a particu-
lar member of the school community, but "based on the fact
that there was negativity put out there that could impact
students in the school." App. 81. There is little else, how-
ever, that suggests any serious decline in team morale -- to
the point where it could create a substantial interference
in, or disruption of, the school's efforts to maintain team co-
hesion. As we have previously said, simple "undifferenti-
ated fear or apprehension... is not enough to overcome the
right to freedom of expression." Tinker, 393 U. S., at 508.
It might be tempting to dismiss B. L.'s words as unworthy
of the robust First Amendment protections discussed
herein. But sometimes it is necessary to protect the super-
fluous in order to preserve the necessary. See Tyson &
Brother v. Banton, (1927) (Holmes, J.,
dissenting). "We cannot lose sight of the fact that, in what
otherwise might seem a trifling and annoying instance of
individual distasteful abuse of a privilege, these fundamen-
tal societal values are truly implicated." Cohen, 403 U. S.,
at 25.
* * *
Although we do not agree with the reasoning of the Third
Circuit's panel majority, for the reasons expressed above,
resembling those of the panel's concurring opinion, we
nonetheless agree that the school violated B. L.'s First
Amendment rights. The judgment of the Third Circuit is
therefore affirmed.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

ALITO, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 255
_________________

MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DISTRICT, PETITIONER v.
B. L., A MINOR, BY AND THROUGH HER FATHER,
LAWRENCE LEVY AND HER MOTHER,
BETTY LOU LEVY
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT
[June 23, 2021]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins, con-
curring.
I join the opinion of the Court but write separately to
explain my understanding of the Court's decision and
the framework within which I think cases like this
should be analyzed. This is the first case in which we
have considered the constitutionality of a public school's
attempt to regulate true off-premises student speech,1

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Community School Dist., (1969), not only did the speech occur on school grounds during
the regular school day, but our opinion was specifically directed at on-
premises speech. See id., at 506 ("It can hardly be argued that either
students or teachers shed their constitutional rights to freedom of speech
or expression at the schoolhouse gate" ); ibid. ("First
Amendment rights, applied in light of the special characteristics of the
school environment, are available to teachers and students" ); id., at 507 ("[T]he Court has repeatedly emphasized the need for
affirming the comprehensive authority of the States and of school offi-
cials, consistent with fundamental constitutional safeguards, to prescribe
and control conduct in the schools" ); id., at 512 -- 513
(referring to speech that occurs "in the classroom," "in the cafeteria, or
on the playing field, or on the campus during the authorized hours").
Tinker makes no reference whatsoever to speech that takes place off
premises and outside "authorized hours."
2 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

ALITO, J., concurring

and therefore it is important that our opinion not be misun-
derstood.2
I
The Court holds -- and I agree -- that: the First Amend-
ment permits public schools to regulate some student
speech that does not occur on school premises during the
regular school day;3 this authority is more limited than the
authority that schools exercise with respect to on-premises
speech;4 courts should be "skeptical" about the constitution-
ality of the regulation of off-premises speech;5 the doctrine
of in loco parentis "rarely" applies to off-premises speech;6
public school students, like all other Americans, have the
right to express "unpopular" ideas on public issues, even
when those ideas are expressed in language that some find

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
All our other cases involving the free-speech rights of public school stu-
dents concerned speech in school or in a school-sponsored event or publi-
cation. See Bethel School Dist. No. 403 v. Fraser, -- 678
(1986) (school assembly); Hazelwood School Dist. v. Kuhlmeier, (1988) (school newspaper); Morse v. Frederick, (2007) (display of banner on street near school at school-sponsored
event).
2 This case does not involve speech by a student at a public college or

university. For several reasons, including the age, independence, and
living arrangements of such students, regulation of their speech may
raise very different questions from those presented here. I do not under-
stand the decision in this case to apply to such students.
3 See ante, at 5 (stating that a public school's authority to regulate stu-

dent speech does not "always disappear" when the speech "takes place
off campus" ); ibid. ("The school's regulatory interests
remain significant in some off-campus circumstances" ).
4 See ante, at 8 (stating that schools have "diminished" authority to

regulate off-premises speech).
5 See ante, at 7 ("[C]ourts must be more skeptical of a school's efforts to

regulate off-campus speech").
6 See ibid. ("[A] school, in relation to off-campus speech, will rarely

stand in loco parentis").
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

ALITO, J., concurring

" ' inappropriate ' " or " ' hurtful ' ";7 public schools have the
duty to teach students that freedom of speech, including un-
popular speech, is essential to our form of self-government;8
the Mahanoy Area High School violated B. L.'s First
Amendment rights when it punished her for the messages
she posted on her own time while away from school prem-
ises; and the judgment of the Third Circuit must therefore
be affirmed.
I also agree that it is not prudent for us to attempt at this
time to "set forth a broad, highly general First Amendment
rule" governing all off-premises speech. Ante, at 6. But in
order to understand what the Court has held, it is helpful
to consider the framework within which efforts to regulate
off-premises speech should be analyzed.
II
I start with this threshold question: Why does the First
Amendment ever allow the free-speech rights of public
school students to be restricted to a greater extent than the
rights of other juveniles who do not attend a public school?
As the Court recognized in Tinker v. Des Moines Independ-
ent Community School Dist., (1969),
when a public school regulates student speech, it acts as an
arm of the State in which it is located. Suppose that B. L.
had been enrolled in a private school and did exactly what
she did in this case -- send out vulgar and derogatory mes-
sages that focused on her school's cheerleading squad. The
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would have had no legal
basis to punish her and almost certainly would not have
even tried. So why should her status as a public school stu-
dent give the Commonwealth any greater authority to pun-
ish her speech?
Our cases involving the regulation of student speech have

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Ante, at 7, 8 -- 9.
8 Ante, at 7 -- 8.
4 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

ALITO, J., concurring

not directly addressed this question. All those cases in-
volved either in-school speech or speech that was tanta-
mount to in-school speech. See, supra. And in those
cases, the Court appeared to take it for granted that "the
special characteristics of the school environment" justified
special rules. Morse v. Frederick, 403,
405, 406, 408 (2007) (internal quotation marks omit-
ted); Hazelwood School Dist. v. Kuhlmeier, (1988) ; Tinker, 393
U. S., at 506.
Why the Court took this for granted is not hard to imag-
ine. As a practical matter, it is impossible to see how a
school could function if administrators and teachers could
not regulate on-premises student speech, including by im-
posing content-based restrictions in the classroom. In a
math class, for example, the teacher can insist that stu-
dents talk about math, not some other subject. See
Kuhlmeier, 484 U. S., at 279 (Brennan, J., dissenting) ("The
young polemic who stands on a soapbox during calculus
class to deliver an eloquent political diatribe interferes with
the legitimate teaching of calculus"). In addition, when a
teacher asks a question, the teacher must have the author-
ity to insist that the student respond to that question and
not some other question, and a teacher must also have the
authority to speak without interruption and to demand that
students refrain from interrupting one another. Practical
necessity likewise dictates that teachers and school admin-
istrators have related authority with respect to other in-
school activities like auditorium programs attended by a
large audience. See Bethel School Dist. No. 403 v. Fraser,
(1986) ("A high school assembly... is no
place for a sexually explicit monologue directed towards an
unsuspecting audience of teenage students"); id., at 689
(Brennan, J., concurring in judgment) ("In the present case,
school officials sought only to ensure that a high school as-
sembly proceed in an orderly manner"); see also Kuhlmeier,
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

ALITO, J., concurring

484 U. S., at 279 (Brennan, J., dissenting) ("[T]he student
who delivers a lewd endorsement of a student-government
candidate might so extremely distract an impressionable
high school audience as to interfere with the orderly opera-
tion of the school").
Because no school could operate effectively if teachers
and administrators lacked the authority to regulate in-
school speech in these ways, the Court may have felt no
need to specify the source of this authority or to explain how
the special rules applicable to in-school student speech fit
into our broader framework of free-speech case law. But
when a public school regulates what students say or write
when they are not on school grounds and are not participat-
ing in a school program, the school has the obligation to an-
swer the question with which I began: Why should enroll-
ment in a public school result in the diminution of a
student's free-speech rights?
The only plausible answer that comes readily to mind is
consent, either express or implied. The theory must be that
by enrolling a child in a public school, parents consent on
behalf of the child to the relinquishment of some of the
child's free-speech rights.
This understanding is consistent with the conditions to
which an adult would implicitly consent by enrolling in an
adult education class run by a unit of state or local govern-
ment. If an adult signs up for, say, a French class, the adult
may be required to speak French, to answer the teacher's
questions, and to comply with other rules that are imposed
for the sake of orderly instruction.
When it comes to children, courts in this country have
analyzed the issue of consent by adapting the common-law
doctrine of in loco parentis. See Morse, 551 U. S., at 413 -- 
416 (THOMAS, J., concurring). Under the common law, as
Blackstone explained, "[a father could] delegate part of his
parental authority... to the tutor or schoolmaster of his
child; who is then in loco parentis, and has such a portion
6 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

ALITO, J., concurring

of the power of the parent committed to his charge, [namely,]
that of restraint and correction, as may be necessary to an-
swer the purposes for which he is employed." 1 W. Black-
stone, Commentaries on the Laws of England 441 (1765)
(some emphasis added).
Blackstone's explanation of the doctrine seems to treat it
primarily as an implied term in a private employment
agreement between a father and those with whom he con-
tracted for the provision of educational services for his
child,9 and therefore the scope of the delegation that could
be inferred depended on "the purposes for which [the tutor
or schoolmaster was] employed." Ibid. If a child was sent
to a boarding school, the parents would not have been in a
position to monitor or control the child's behavior or to at-
tend to the child's welfare on a daily basis, and the school-
master would be regarded as having implicitly received the
authority to perform those functions around the clock while
the child was in residence. On the other hand, if parents
hired a tutor to instruct a child in the home on certain sub-
jects during certain hours, the scope of the delegation would
be different. The tutor would be in charge during lessons,
but the parents would retain most of their authority. In
short, the scope of the delegation depended on the scope of
the agreed-upon undertaking.
Today, of course, the educational picture is quite differ-
ent. The education of children within a specified age range
is compulsory,10 and States specify the minimum number of

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 In a sensational and highly publicized mid-19th century case, there

was an express delegation, Regina v. Hopley, 2 F. & F. 202, 175 Eng. Rep.
1024 (N. P. 1860), but in other 19th century cases, the delegation was
inferred. See Fitzgerald v. Northcote, 4 F. & F. 656, 176 Eng. Rep. 734
(N. P. 1865); State v. Osborne, 24 Mo. App. 309 (1887).
10 See Ingraham v. Wright, (1977) (noting that

"compulsory school attendance laws were in force in all the States" by
1918).
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 7

ALITO, J., concurring

hours per day and the minimum number of days per year
that a student must attend classes, as well as many aspects
of the school curriculum.11 Parents are not required to en-
roll their children in a public school. They can select a pri-
vate school if a suitable one is available and they can afford
the tuition, and they may also be able to educate their chil-
dren at home if they have the time and ability and can meet
the standards that their State imposes.12 But by choice or
necessity, nearly 90% of the students in this country attend
public schools,13 and parents and public schools do not enter
into a contractual relationship.
If in loco parentis is transplanted from Blackstone's Eng-
land to the 21st century United States, what it amounts to
is simply a doctrine of inferred parental consent to a public
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 See National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), State Educa-

tion Practices, Table 5.14: Number of Instructional Days and Hours in
the School Year, by State, 2018, https://nces.ed.gov/programs/
statereform/tab5_14.asp.
12 Pennsylvania, for example, requires a minimum of 180 days of in-

struction per year. See Pa. Stat. Ann., Tit. 24, -- 1327.1(c) (Purdon
2016). Students must be taught English, mathematics, science, geogra-
phy, history, civics, safety education, health, physical education, music,
and art. -- 1327.1(c)(1) -- (2). Parents are required to maintain current
and detailed records of their child's learning materials and progress,
-- 1327.1(e)(1), and they must turn those records over to a teacher or
psychologist for an annual evaluation to determine whether "an appro-
priate education is occurring," -- 1327.1(e)(2). The evaluation also in-
cludes an interview of the child. Ibid. Once the evaluation is completed,
it is submitted to the superintendent of the public school district of resi-
dence. -- 1327.1(e)(2), (h)(1). If the superintendent and a hearing
examiner find that the child is not being supplied an appropriate educa-
tion, and the parents' appeal of that decision is unsuccessful, the child
will be promptly enrolled in the public school district of residence or a
private school. -- 1327.1(k) -- (l).
13 See NCES, School Choice in the United States, 2019, Table 206.20:

Percentage Distribution of Students Ages 5 through 17 Attending Kin-
dergarten through 12th Grade, By School Type or Participation in Home-
schooling and Selected Child, Parent, and Household Characteristics, Se-
lected Years 1999 Through 2016, https://nces.ed.gov/programs/
digest//d19/tables/dt19_206.20.asp.
8 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

ALITO, J., concurring

school's exercise of a degree of authority that is commensu-
rate with the task that the parents ask the school to per-
form. Because public school students attend school for only
part of the day and continue to live at home, the degree of
authority conferred is obviously less than that delegated to
the head of a late-18th century boarding school, but because
public school students are taught outside the home, the au-
thority conferred may be greater in at least some respects
than that enjoyed by a tutor of Blackstone's time.
So how much authority to regulate speech do parents im-
plicitly delegate when they enroll a child at a public school?
The answer must be that parents are treated as having re-
linquished the measure of authority that the schools must
be able to exercise in order to carry out their state-
mandated educational mission, as well as the authority to
perform any other functions to which parents expressly or
implicitly agree -- for example, by giving permission for a
child to participate in an extracurricular activity or to go on
a school trip.
III
I have already explained what this delegated authority
means with respect to student speech during standard
classroom instruction. And it is reasonable to infer that
this authority extends to periods when students are in
school but are not in class, for example, when they are walk-
ing in a hall, eating lunch, congregating outside before the
school day starts, or waiting for a bus after school. During
the entire school day, a school must have the authority to
protect everyone on its premises, and therefore schools
must be able to prohibit threatening and harassing speech.
An effective instructional atmosphere could not be main-
tained in a school, and good teachers would be hard to re-
cruit and retain, if students were free to abuse or disrespect
them. And the school has a duty to protect students while
in school because their parents are unable to do that during
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 9

ALITO, J., concurring

those hours. See Morse, 551 U. S., at 424 (ALITO, J., con-
curring). But even when students are on school premises
during regular school hours, they are not stripped of their
free-speech rights. Tinker teaches that expression that
does not interfere with a class (such as by straying from the
topic, interrupting the teacher or other students, etc.) can-
not be suppressed unless it "involves substantial disorder
or invasion of the rights of others." 393 U. S., at 513.
IV
A
A public school's regulation of off-premises student
speech is a different matter. While the decision to enroll a
student in a public school may be regarded as conferring
the authority to regulate some off-premises speech (a sub-
ject I address below), enrollment cannot be treated as a
complete transfer of parental authority over a student's
speech. In our society, parents, not the State, have the pri-
mary authority and duty to raise, educate, and form the
character of their children. See Wisconsin v. Yoder, (1972) ("The history and culture of Western
civilization reflect a strong tradition of parental concern for
the nurture and upbringing of their children. This primary
role of the parents in the upbringing of their children is now
established beyond debate as an enduring American tradi-
tion"); Pierce v. Society of Sisters, -- 535
(1925) (discussing "the liberty of parents and guardians to
direct the upbringing and education of children under their
control"). Parents do not implicitly relinquish all that au-
thority when they send their children to a public school. As
the Court notes, it would be far-fetched to suggest that en-
rollment implicitly confers the right to regulate what a child
10 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

ALITO, J., concurring

says or writes at all times of day and throughout the calen-
dar year. See ante, at 7.14 Any such argument would run
headlong into the fundamental principle that a State "may
not deny a benefit to a person on a basis that infringes his
constitutionally protected... freedom of speech even if he
has no entitlement to that benefit."15 Agency for Int'l Devel-
opment v. Alliance for Open Society Int'l, Inc., (2013). While the
in-school restrictions discussed above are essential to the
operation of a public school system, any argument in favor
of expansive regulation of off-premises speech must contend
with this fundamental free-speech principle.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 There is no basis for concluding that the original public meaning of

the free-speech right protected by the First and Fourteenth Amendments
was understood by Congress or the legislatures that ratified those
Amendments as permitting a public school to punish a wide swath of off-
premises student speech. Compare post, at 2 -- 4 (THOMAS, J., dissenting).
At the time of the adoption of the First Amendment, public education
was virtually unknown, and the Amendment did not apply to the States.
And as for the Fourteenth Amendment, research has found only one pre-
1868 case involving a public school's regulation of a student's off-prem-
ises speech. In Lander v. Seaver, 32 Vt. 114 (1859), an 11-year-old boy,
while driving his father's cow by the home of his teacher, called the
teacher "Old Jack Seaver" in the presence of other students. Id., at 115
(emphasis deleted). The next day, the teacher "whipped him with a small
rawhide." Ibid. In a tort suit against the teacher for assault and battery,
the Supreme Court of Vermont reversed the lower court's judgment for
the teacher but opined that the teacher had the authority to punish the
student's speech because of its effect on the operation of the school. Id.,
at 120 -- 121, 125. This decision is of negligible value for present purposes.
It does not appear that any claim was raised under the state constitu-
tional provision protecting freedom of speech. And even if flinty Vermont
parents at the time in question could be understood to have implicitly
delegated to the teacher the authority to whip their son for his off-prem-
ises speech, the same inference is wholly unrealistic today.
15 Here, the Pennsylvania Constitution required that B. L. and all

other students be offered "a thorough and efficient system of public edu-
cation." Art. III,.
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 11

ALITO, J., concurring

B
The degree to which enrollment in a public school can be
regarded as a delegation of authority over off-campus
speech depends on the nature of the speech and the circum-
stances under which it occurs. I will not attempt to provide
a complete taxonomy of off-premises speech, but relevant
lower court cases tend to fall into a few basic groups. And
with respect to speech in each of these groups, the question
that courts must ask is whether parents who enroll their
children in a public school can reasonably be understood to
have delegated to the school the authority to regulate the
speech in question.
One category of off-premises student speech falls easily
within the scope of the authority that parents implicitly or
explicitly provide. This category includes speech that takes
place during or as part of what amounts to a temporal or
spatial extension of the regular school program, e.g., online
instruction at home, assigned essays or other homework,
and transportation to and from school. Also included are
statements made during other school activities in which
students participate with their parents' consent, such as
school trips, school sports and other extracurricular activi-
ties that may take place after regular school hours or off
school premises, and after-school programs for students
who would otherwise be without adult supervision during
that time. Abusive speech that occurs while students are
walking to and from school may also fall into this category
on the theory that it is school attendance that puts students
on that route and in the company of the fellow students who
engage in the abuse. The imperatives that justify the reg-
ulation of student speech while in school -- the need for or-
derly and effective instruction and student protection -- ap-
ply more or less equally to these off-premises activities.
Most of the specific examples of off-premises speech that
the Court mentions fall into this category. See ante, at 6
12 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

ALITO, J., concurring

(speech taking place during "remote learning," "participa-
tion in other online school activities," "activities taken for
school credit," "travel en route to and from the school," "[the
time during which] the school is responsible for the stu-
dent," and "extracurricular activities," as well as speech
taking place on "the school's immediate surroundings" or in
the context of "writing... papers").16 The Court's broad
statements about off-premises speech must be understood
with this in mind.
At the other end of the spectrum, there is a category of
speech that is almost always beyond the regulatory author-
ity of a public school. This is student speech that is not ex-
pressly and specifically directed at the school, school admin-
istrators, teachers, or fellow students and that addresses
matters of public concern, including sensitive subjects like
politics, religion, and social relations. Speech on such mat-
ters lies at the heart of the First Amendment's protection,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
16 Two other examples mentioned by the Court -- "communications to

school e-mail accounts or phones" and speech "on a school's website" -- 
may fall into the same category if they concern school work. Ante, at 6.
The Court also mentions "breaches of school security devices," ibid., but
such breaches may be punishable regardless of whether the perpetrator
is a student at the school. See, e.g., 18 Pa. Const. Stat. (2016)
("Unlawful use of computer and other computer crimes"). Another spe-
cific example provided by the Court is "all speech taking place over school
laptops." Ante, at 6. I do not take this statement to apply under all cir-
cumstances to all student speech on such laptops. In a well-publicized
case, a public high school that provided laptops to high school students
used those computers to surreptitiously monitor students' private mes-
sages and to photograph them in their homes. See Robbins v. Lower
Merion School Dist., 2010 WL 3421026, *1 (ED Pa., Aug. 30, 2010); see
also Defendants' Memorandum of Law in Opposition to Plaintiffs' Motion
for Class Certification and in Support of Defendants' Cross-Motion for
Entry of Permanent Equitable Relief in Robbins v. Lower Merion School
Dist., No. 2:10 -- cv -- 00665 (ED Pa.), pp. 4 -- 5. I do not understand the
Court to approve such a practice. In assessing the degree to which a
school can regulate speech on a laptop that a school provides for student
use outside school, it would be important to know the terms of the agree-
ment under which the laptop was provided.
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 13

ALITO, J., concurring

see Lane v. Franks, (2014) ("Speech by
citizens on matters of public concern lies at the heart of the
First Amendment"); Schenck v. Pro-Choice Network of
Western N. Y., (1997) ("Leafletting and
commenting on matters of public concern are classic forms
of speech that lie at the heart of the First Amendment");
Capital Square Review and Advisory Bd. v. Pinette, (1995) ("[A] free-speech clause without reli-
gion would be Hamlet without the prince"); McIntyre v.
Ohio Elections Comm'n, (1995) ("[A]dvo-
cacy of a politically controversial viewpoint... is the es-
sence of First Amendment expression"); Hustler Magazine,
Inc. v. Falwell, (1988) ("At the heart of the
First Amendment is the recognition of the fundamental im-
portance of the free flow of ideas and opinions on matters of
public interest and concern"); Connick v. Myers, (1983) ("[S]peech on public issues occupies the
highest rung of the hierarchy of First Amendment values,
and is entitled to special protection" ), and the connection between student
speech in this category and the ability of a public school to
carry out its instructional program is tenuous.
If a school tried to regulate such speech, the most that it
could claim is that offensive off-premises speech on im-
portant matters may cause controversy and recriminations
among students and may thus disrupt instruction and good
order on school premises. But it is a "bedrock principle"
that speech may not be suppressed simply because it ex-
presses ideas that are "offensive or disagreeable." Texas v.
Johnson, (1989); see also Matal v. Tam,
582 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2017) ( -- 2) ("Speech may
not be banned on the ground that it expresses ideas that
offend"); FCC v. Pacifica Foundation, 
(1978) (opinion of Stevens, J.) ("[T]he fact that society may
find speech offensive is not a sufficient reason for suppress-
ing it"); Young v. American Mini Theatres, Inc., MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

ALITO, J., concurring

50, 63 -- 64 (1976) (plurality opinion) ("Nor may speech be
curtailed because it invites dispute, creates dissatisfaction
with conditions the way they are, or even stirs people to an-
ger"); Street v. New York, (1969) ("It is
firmly settled that under our Constitution the public ex-
pression of ideas may not be prohibited merely because the
ideas are themselves offensive to some of their hearers"). It
is unreasonable to infer that parents who send a child to a
public school thereby authorize the school to take away
such a critical right.
To her credit, petitioner's attorney acknowledged this
during oral argument. As she explained, even if such
speech is deeply offensive to members of the school commu-
nity and may cause a disruption, the school cannot punish
the student who spoke out; "that would be a heckler's veto."
Tr. of Oral Arg. 15 -- 16.17 The school may suppress the dis-
ruption, but it may not punish the off-campus speech that
prompted other students to engage in misconduct. See id.,
at 5 -- 6 ("[I]f listeners riot because they find speech offensive,
schools should punish the rioters, not the speaker. In other
words, the hecklers don't get the veto"); see also id., at 27 -- 
28.
This is true even if the student's off-premises speech on a
matter of public concern is intemperate and crude. When a
student engages in oral or written communication of this
nature, the student is subject to whatever restraints the
student's parents impose, but the student enjoys the same
First Amendment protection against government regula-
tion as all other members of the public. And the Court has
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
17 Counsel was asked what a school could have done during the Vi-

etnam War era if a student said, "[the] war is immoral, American soldiers
are baby killers, I hope there are a lot of casualties so that people will
rise up." Tr. of Oral Arg. 15. Counsel agreed that "[e]ven if that would
cause a disruption in the school," "the school couldn't do anything about
it." Ibid. In her words, "that would be a heckler's veto, no can do." Id.,
at 15 -- 16.
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 15

ALITO, J., concurring

held that these rights extend to speech that is couched in
vulgar and offensive terms. See, e.g., Iancu v. Brunetti, 588
U. S. ___ (2019); Matal, 582 U. S. ___; Snyder v. Phelps, (2011); Cohen v. California, (1971);
Brandenburg v. Ohio, (1969) (per curiam).
Between these two extremes (i.e., off-premises speech
that is tantamount to on-campus speech and general state-
ments made off premises on matters of public concern) lie
the categories of off-premises student speech that appear to
have given rise to the most litigation. A survey of lower
court cases reveals several prominent categories. I will
mention some of those categories, but like the Court, I do
not attempt to set out the test to be used in judging the con-
stitutionality of a public school's efforts to regulate such
speech.
One group of cases involves perceived threats to school
administrators, teachers, other staff members, or students.
Laws that apply to everyone prohibit defined categories of
threats,18 see, e.g., 18 Pa. Cons. Stat. ;19 Tex. Penal
Code Ann..07(a) (West 2020),20 but schools have

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
18 The First Amendment permits prohibitions of "true threats," which

are "statements where the speaker means to communicate a serious ex-
pression of an intent to commit an act of unlawful violence to a particular
individual or group of individuals." Virginia v. Black, 
(2003).
19 This law is commonly referred to as Pennsylvania's "terrorist threat

statute." It prohibits "communicat[ing], either directly or indirectly, a
threat to: (1) commit any crime of violence with intent to terrorize an-
other; (2) cause evacuation of a building, place of assembly or facility of
public transportation; or (3) otherwise cause serious public inconven-
ience, or cause terror or serious public inconvenience with reckless dis-
regard of the risk of causing such terror or inconvenience."
20 In Texas, it is a crime to "threate[n] to commit any offense involving

violence to any person or property" with specified intent, such as the in-
tent to "place another person in fear of imminent serious bodily injury"
or to "interrupt the occupation or use of a... public place."
16 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

ALITO, J., concurring

claimed that their duties demand broader authority.21
Another common category involves speech that criticizes
or derides school administrators, teachers, or other staff
members.22 Schools may assert that parents who send their
children to a public school implicitly authorize the school to
demand that the child exhibit the respect that is required
for orderly and effective instruction, but parents surely do
not relinquish their children's ability to complain in an ap-
propriate manner about wrongdoing, dereliction, or even
plain incompetence. See Brief for College Athlete Advo-
cates as Amicus Curiae 12 -- 21; Brief for Student Press Law
Center et al. as Amici Curiae 10 -- 11, 17 -- 20, 30.
Perhaps the most difficult category involves criticism or

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
21 See, e.g., McNeil v. Sherwood School Dist. 88J, 918 F. 3d 700, 704

(CA9 2019) (per curiam) (student created a "hit list" of students and drew
graphic images of violence); Wynar v. Douglas County School Dist., 728
F. 3d 1062, 1065 -- 1066 (CA9 2013) (student spoke about committing a
school shooting); Wisniewski v. Board of Ed., 494 F. 3d 34, 36 (CA2 2007)
(student sent a message depicting a pistol firing a bullet at his English
teacher's head); Porter v. Ascension Parish School Bd., 393 F. 3d 608, 611
(CA5 2004) (student drew a picture showing his school under attack by
a gasoline tanker, missile launcher, helicopter, and armed individuals);
Doe v. Pulaski County Special School Dist., 306 F. 3d 616, 619 (CA8 2002)
(en banc) (student drafted letters expressing a desire to molest, rape, and
murder his ex-girlfriend); but see Conroy v. Lacey Twp. School Dist.,
2020 WL 528896, *1 (D NJ, Jan. 31, 2020) (two high school students
posted photos on Snapchat showing them with legally purchased guns at
a shooting range on a Saturday, which another student claimed made
him " 'nervous to come to school' "); see also Conroy v. Lacey Twp. School
Dist., No. 3:19 -- cv -- 09452 (D NJ, Aug. 25, 2020) (order dismissing case
with prejudice after settlement). The cases cited in this footnote and
footnotes 22 -- 23 are listed to show types of claims addressed by the lower
courts. I do not express any view about the correctness of the decisions.
22 See, e.g., Doninger v. Niehoff, 527 F. 3d 41, 45 (CA2 2008) (member

of student council posted a message on her personal blog complaining
about the administration and encouraging readers to call or e-mail the
school to complain); Evans v. Bayer, 684 F. Supp. 2d 1365, 1367 (SD Fla.
2010) (student created a Facebook group "for students to voice their dis-
like" of their teacher).
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 17

ALITO, J., concurring

hurtful remarks about other students.23 Bullying and se-
vere harassment are serious (and age-old) problems, but
these concepts are not easy to define with the precision re-
quired for a regulation of speech. See, e.g., Saxe v. State
College Area School Dist., 240 F. 3d 200, 206 -- 207 (CA3
2001).
V
The present case does not fall into any of these categories.
Instead, it simply involves criticism (albeit in a crude man-
ner) of the school and an extracurricular activity. Unflat-
tering speech about a school or one of its programs is differ-
ent from speech that criticizes or derides particular
individuals, and for the reasons detailed by the Court and
by Judge Ambro in his separate opinion below, the school's
justifications for punishing B. L.'s speech were weak. She
sent the messages and image in question on her own time
while at a local convenience store. They were transmitted
via a medium that preserved the communication for only 24
hours, and she sent them to a select group of "friends." She
did not send the messages to the school or to any adminis-
trator, teacher, or coach, and no member of the school staff
would have even known about the messages if some of
B. L.'s "friends" had not taken it upon themselves to spread
the word.
The school did not claim that the messages caused any
significant disruption of classes. The most it asserted along

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
23 See, e.g., S. J. W. v. Lee's Summit R -- 7 School Dist., 696 F. 3d 771,

773 -- 774 (CA8 2012) (high school juniors posted a variety of offensive,
racist, and sexually-explicit comments about particular female class-
mates); Kowalski v. Berkeley County Schools, 652 F. 3d 565, 567 -- 568
(CA4 2011) (student created an online discussion group accusing another
student of having a sexually-transmitted disease); Dunkley v. Board of
Ed. of Greater Egg Harbor Regional High School Dist., 216 F. Supp. 3d
485, 487 (NJ 2016) (student used an anonymous Twitter account to insult
other students based on their appearances and athletic abilities).
18 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

ALITO, J., concurring

these lines was that they "upset" some students (including
members of the cheerleading squad),24 caused students to
ask some questions about the matter during an algebra
class taught by a cheerleading coach,25 and put out "nega-
tivity... that could impact students in the school."26 The
freedom of students to speak off-campus would not be worth
much if it gave way in the face of such relatively minor com-
plaints. Speech cannot be suppressed just because it ex-
presses thoughts or sentiments that others find upsetting,
and the algebra teacher had the authority to quell in-class
discussion of B. L.'s messages and demand that the stu-
dents concentrate on the work of the class.
As for the messages' effect on the morale of the cheerlead-
ing squad, the coach of a team sport may wish to take group
cohesion and harmony into account in selecting members of
the team, in assigning roles, and in allocating playing time,
but it is self-evident that this authority has limits. (To take
an obvious example, a coach could not discriminate against
a student for blowing the whistle on serious misconduct.)
And here, the school did not simply take B. L.'s messages
into account in deciding whether her attitude would make
her effective in doing what cheerleaders are primarily ex-
pected to do: encouraging vocal fan support at the events
where they appear. Instead, the school imposed punish-
ment: suspension for a year from the cheerleading squad
despite B. L.'s apologies.
There is, finally, the matter of B. L.'s language. There
are parents who would not have been pleased with B. L.'s
language and gesture, but whatever B. L.'s parents thought
about what she did, it is not reasonable to infer that they
gave the school the authority to regulate her choice of lan-
guage when she was off school premises and not engaged in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
24 App. 82.
25 Id., at 82 -- 84.
26 Id., at 81.
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 19

ALITO, J., concurring

any school activity. And B. L.'s school does not claim that
it possesses or makes any effort to exercise the authority to
regulate the vocabulary and gestures of all its students 24
hours a day and 365 days a year.
There are more than 90,000 public school principals in
this country27 and more than 13,000 separate school dis-
tricts.28 The overwhelming majority of school administra-
tors, teachers, and coaches are men and women who are
deeply dedicated to the best interests of their students, but
it is predictable that there will be occasions when some will
get carried away, as did the school officials in the case at
hand. If today's decision teaches any lesson, it must be that
the regulation of many types of off-premises student speech
raises serious First Amendment concerns, and school offi-
cials should proceed cautiously before venturing into this
territory.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
27 See NCES, School Principals, Table 212.08: Number and Percentage

Distribution in Public and Private Elementary and Secondary Schools,
Selected Years 1993 -- 1994 Through 2017 -- 2018, https://nces.ed.gov/
programs/digest/d19/tables/dt19_212.08.asp?current=yes.
28 See NCES, Overview of Schools and School Districts, Table 214.10:

Number of Public School Districts and Public and Private Elementary
and Secondary Schools, Selected Years 1869 -- 1870 Through 2018 -- 2019,
https://nces.ed.gov/programs/digest/d20/tables/dt20_214.10.asp.
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

THOMAS, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 20 -- 255
_________________

MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DISTRICT, PETITIONER v.
B. L., A MINOR, BY AND THROUGH HER FATHER,
LAWRENCE LEVY AND HER MOTHER,
BETTY LOU LEVY
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT
[June 23, 2021]

JUSTICE THOMAS, dissenting.
B. L., a high school student, sent a profanity-laced mes-
sage to hundreds of people, including classmates and team-
mates. The message included a picture of B. L. raising her
middle finger and captioned "F*** school" and "f*** cheer."
This message was juxtaposed with another, which ex-
plained that B. L. was frustrated that she failed to make
the varsity cheerleading squad. The cheerleading coach re-
sponded by disciplining B. L.
The Court overrides that decision -- without even men-
tioning the 150 years of history supporting the coach. Us-
ing broad brushstrokes, the majority outlines the scope of
school authority. When students are on campus, the major-
ity says, schools have authority in loco parentis -- that is, as
substitutes of parents -- to discipline speech and conduct.
Off campus, the authority of schools is somewhat less. At
that level of generality, I agree. But the majority omits im-
portant detail. What authority does a school have when it
operates in loco parentis? How much less authority do
schools have over off-campus speech and conduct? And how
does a court decide if speech is on or off campus?
Disregarding these important issues, the majority simply
posits three vague considerations and reaches an outcome.
2 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

A more searching review reveals that schools historically
could discipline students in circumstances like those pre-
sented here. Because the majority does not attempt to ex-
plain why we should not apply this historical rule and does
not attempt to tether its approach to anything stable, I re-
spectfully dissent.
I
A
While the majority entirely ignores the relevant history,
I would begin the assessment of the scope of free-speech
rights incorporated against the States by looking to "what
'ordinary citizens' at the time of [the Fourteenth Amend-
ment's] ratification would have understood" the right to en-
compass. McDonald v. Chicago, (2010)
(THOMAS, J., concurring in part and concurring in judg-
ment). Cases and treatises from that era reveal that public
schools retained substantial authority to discipline stu-
dents. As I have previously explained, that authority was
near plenary while students were at school. See Morse v.
Frederick, (2007) (concurring opinion).
Authority also extended to when students were traveling to
or from school. See, e.g., Lander v. Seaver, 32 Vt. 114, 120
(1859). And, although schools had less authority after a
student returned home, it was well settled that they still
could discipline students for off-campus speech or conduct
that had a proximate tendency to harm the school environ-
ment.
Perhaps the most familiar example applying this rule is
a case where a student, after returning home from school,
used "disrespectful language" against a teacher -- he called
the teacher "old" -- "in presence of the [teacher] and of some
of his fellow pupils." Id., at 115 (emphasis deleted). The
Vermont Supreme Court held that the teacher could disci-
pline a student for this speech because the speech had "a
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

THOMAS, J., dissenting

direct and immediate tendency to injure the school, to sub-
vert the master's authority, and to beget disorder and in-
subordination." Id., at 120; see also ibid. ("direct and im-
mediate tendency to... bring the master's authority into
contempt"). The court distinguished the speech at issue
from speech "in no ways connected with or affecting the
school" and speech that has "merely a remote and indirect
tendency to injure." Id., at 120 -- 121. In requiring a "direct
and immediate tendency" to harm, id., at 120, the court
used the language of proximate causation, see Black's Law
Dictionary 274 (11th ed. 2019) (defining "proximate cause"
as a "cause that directly produces an event"); id., at 1481
(defining "proximate" as "[i]mmediately before or after");
see also Atchison, T. & S. F. R. Co. v. Calhoun, (1909) (using "proximate" cause and "immediate" cause
interchangeably).
This rule was widespread. It was consistent with "the
universal custom" in New England. Lander, 32 Vt., at 121.
Various cases, treatises, and school manuals endorsed it.*
And a justice of the Rhode Island Supreme Court, presiding
over a trial, declared the rule "well settled." T. Stockwell,
The School Manual, Containing the School Laws of Rhode
Island 236 -- 238 (1882) (Stockwell).
So widespread was this rule that it served not only as the
basis for schools to discipline disrespectful speech but also
to regulate truancy. Although modern doctrine draws a
clear line between speech and conduct, cases in the 19th
century did not. E.g., Lander, 32 Vt., at 120 (describing

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*E.g., Deskins v. Gose, 85 Mo. 485, 488 -- 489 (1885) ; F.
Burke, Law of Public Schools 116, 129 (1880) ("[W]hatsoever has a direct
and immediate tendency to injure the school in its important interests,
or to subvert the authority of those in charge of it, is properly a subject
for regulation and discipline, and this is so wherever the acts may be
committed" ); C. Bardeen, The New York School Office's
Handbook 158 (1910).
4 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

speech as "acts of misbehavior"); Stockwell 236 -- 238 (apply-
ing the Lander rule to "[t]he conduct of pupils"); Morse, 551
U. S., at 419 (THOMAS, J., concurring) ("speech rules and
other school rules were treated identically"). Citing
Lander, schools justified regulating truancy because of its
proximate tendency to harm schools. As the Missouri Su-
preme Court put it, although "[t]ruancy is an act committed
out of the school," schools could regulate it because of its
"subversive" effects on the "good order and discipline of the
school." Deskins v. Gose, 85 Mo. 485, 488 -- 489 (1885); see
also Burdick v. Babcock, 31 Iowa 562, 565, 567 (1871) ("If
the effects of acts done out of school-hours reach within the
schoolroom during school hours and are detrimental to good
order and the best interest of the pupils, it is evident that
such acts may be forbidden").
Some courts made statements that, if read in isolation,
could suggest that schools had no authority at all to regu-
late off-campus speech. E.g., Dritt v. Snodgrass, 66 Mo.
286, 297 (1877) (Norton, J., joined by a majority of the court,
concurring) ("neither the teacher nor directors have the au-
thority to follow [a student home], and govern his conduct
while under the parental eye" because that would "super-
sede entirely parental authority"). But, these courts made
it clear that the rule against regulating off-campus speech
applied only when that speech was "nowise connected with
the management or successful operation of the school."
King v. Jefferson City School Bd., 71 Mo. 628, 630 (1880)
(distinguishing Dritt); accord, Lander, 32 Vt., at 120 -- 121
(similar). In other words, they followed Lander: A school
can regulate speech when it occurs off campus, so long as it
has a proximate tendency to harm the school, its faculty or
students, or its programs.
B
If there is a good constitutional reason to depart from this
historical rule, the majority and the parties fail to identify
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

THOMAS, J., dissenting

it. I would thus apply the rule. Assuming that B. L.'s
speech occurred off campus, the purpose and effect of B. L.'s
speech was "to degrade the [program and cheerleading
staff]" in front of "other pupils," thus having "a direct and
immediate tendency to... subvert the [cheerleading
coach's] authority." Id., at 115, 120. As a result, the coach
had authority to discipline B. L.
Our modern doctrine is not to the contrary. "[T]he penal-
ties imposed in this case were unrelated to any political
viewpoint" or religious viewpoint. Bethel School Dist. No.
403 v. Fraser, (1986). And although the
majority sugar coats this speech as "criticism," ante, at 8, it
is well settled that schools can punish "vulgar" speech -- at
least when it occurs on campus, e.g., Fraser, 478 U. S., at
683 -- 684; ante, at 5.
The discipline here -- a 1-year suspension from the
team -- may strike some as disproportionate. Tr. of Oral
Arg. 31, 57. But that does not matter for our purposes.
State courts have policed school disciplinary decisions for
"reasonable[ness]." E.g., Burdick, 31 Iowa, at 565. And dis-
proportionate discipline "can be challenged by parents in
the political process." Morse, 551 U. S., at 420 (THOMAS, J.,
concurring). But the majority and the parties provide no
textual or historical evidence to suggest that federal courts
generally can police the proportionality of school discipli-
nary decisions in the name of the First Amendment.
II
The majority declines to consider any of this history, in-
stead favoring a few pragmatic guideposts. This is not the
first time the Court has chosen intuition over history when
it comes to student speech. The larger problem facing us
today is that our student-speech cases are untethered from
any textual or historical foundation. That failure leads the
majority to miss much of the analysis relevant to these
kinds of cases.
6 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

A
Consider the Court's longtime failure to grapple with the
historical doctrine of in loco parentis. As I have previously
explained, the Fourteenth Amendment was ratified against
the background legal principle that publicly funded schools
operated not as ordinary state actors, but as delegated sub-
stitutes of parents. Id., at 411 -- 413. This principle freed
schools from the constraints the Fourteenth Amendment
placed on other government actors. "[N]o one doubted the
government's ability to educate and discipline children as
private schools did," including "through strict discipline...
for behavior the school considered disrespectful or wrong."
Id., at 411 -- 412. "The doctrine of in loco parentis limited the
ability of schools to set rules and control their classrooms in
almost no way." Id., at 416.
Plausible arguments can be raised in favor of departing
from that historical doctrine. When the Fourteenth
Amendment was ratified, just three jurisdictions had com-
pulsory-education laws. M. Katz, A History of Compulsory
Education Laws 17 (1976). One might argue that the dele-
gation logic of in loco parentis applies only when delegation
is voluntary. But cf. id., at 11 -- 13 (identifying analogs to
compulsory-education laws as early as the 1640s); Pierce v.
Society of Sisters, (1925) (requiring States to
permit parents to send their children to nonpublic schools).
The Court, however, did not make that (or any other) argu-
ment against this historical doctrine.
Instead, the Court simply abandoned the foundational
rule without mentioning it. See Tinker v. Des Moines Inde-
pendent Community School Dist., (1969). Ra-
ther than wrestle with this history, the Court declared that
it "ha[d] been the unmistakable holding of this Court for
almost 50 years" that students have free-speech rights in-
side schools. Id., at 506. "But the cases the Court cited in
favor of that bold proposition do not support it." Morse, 551
U. S., at 420, (THOMAS, J., concurring). The cases on
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 7

THOMAS, J., dissenting

which Tinker chiefly relied concerned the rights of parents
and private schools, not students. 551 U. S., at 420,.
Of the 11 cases the Court cited, only one -- West Virginia Bd.
of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943) -- was on point. But,
like Tinker, Barnette failed to mention the historical doc-
trine undergirding school authority. Not until decades later
did the Court even hint at this doctrine, and, then, only as
an aside. See Fraser, 478 U. S., at 684.
The majority does no better today. At least it acknowl-
edges that schools act in loco parentis when students speak
on campus. See, e.g., ante, at 5. But the majority fails to
address the historical contours of that doctrine, whether the
doctrine applies to off-campus speech, or why the Court has
abandoned it.
B
The Court's failure to explain itself in Tinker needlessly
makes this case more difficult. Unlike Tinker, which in-
volved a school's authority under a straightforward fact
pattern, this case involves speech made in one location but
capable of being received in countless others -- an issue that
has been aggravated exponentially by recent technological
advances. The Court's decision not to create a solid founda-
tion in Tinker, and now here not to consult the relevant his-
tory, predictably causes the majority to ignore relevant
analysis.
First, the majority gives little apparent significance to
B. L.'s decision to participate in an extracurricular activity.
But the historical test suggests that authority of schools
over off-campus speech may be greater when students par-
ticipate in extracurricular programs. The Lander test fo-
cuses on the effect of speech, not its location. So students
like B. L. who are active in extracurricular programs have
a greater potential, by virtue of their participation, to harm
those programs. For example, a profanity-laced screed de-
livered on social media or at the mall has a much different
8 MAHANOY AREA SCHOOL DIST. v. B. L.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

effect on a football program when done by a regular student
than when done by the captain of the football team. So, too,
here.
Second, the majority fails to consider whether schools of-
ten will have more authority, not less, to discipline students
who transmit speech through social media. Because off-
campus speech made through social media can be received
on campus (and can spread rapidly to countless people), it
often will have a greater proximate tendency to harm the
school environment than will an off-campus in-person con-
versation.
Third, and relatedly, the majority uncritically adopts the
assumption that B. L.'s speech, in fact, was off campus.
But, the location of her speech is a much trickier question
than the majority acknowledges. Because speech travels,
schools sometimes may be able to treat speech as on campus
even though it originates off campus. Nobody doubts, for
example, that a school has in loco parentis authority over a
student (and can discipline him) when he passes out vulgar
flyers on campus -- even if he creates those flyers off cam-
pus. The same may be true in many contexts when social
media speech is generated off campus but received on cam-
pus. To be sure, this logic might not apply where the on-
campus presence of speech is not proximately connected to
its off-campus origin -- as when a student "wholly acci-
dental[ly]" brings a sibling's sketch to school years after it
is created. Porter v. Ascension Parish School Bd., 393 F. 3d
608, 615, 617 -- 618 (CA5 2004). This break in proximate
causation might occur more often when a school prohibits
the use of personal devices or social media on campus. See
Tr. of Oral Arg. 68 -- 69. But where it is foreseeable and
likely that speech will travel onto campus, a school has a
stronger claim to treating the speech as on-campus speech.
Here, it makes sense to treat B. L.'s speech as off-campus
speech. There is little evidence that B. L.'s speech was re-
ceived on campus. The cheerleading coach, in fact, did not
 Cite as: 594 U. S. ____ (2021) 9

THOMAS, J., dissenting

view B. L.'s speech. She viewed a copy of that speech (a
screenshot) created by another student. Ante, at 2. But,
the majority mentions none of this. It simply, and uncriti-
cally, assumes that B. L.'s speech was off campus. Because
it creates a test untethered from history, it bypasses this
relevant inquiry.
* * *
The Court transparently takes a common-law approach
to today's decision. In effect, it states just one rule: Schools
can regulate speech less often when that speech occurs off
campus. It then identifies this case as an "example" and
"leav[es] for future cases" the job of developing this new
common-law doctrine. Ante, at 7 -- 8. But the Court's foun-
dation is untethered from anything stable, and courts (and
schools) will almost certainly be at a loss as to what exactly
the Court's opinion today means.
Perhaps there are good constitutional reasons to depart
from the historical rule, and perhaps this Court and lower
courts will identify and explain these reasons in the future.
But because the Court does not do so today, and because it
reaches the wrong result under the appropriate historical
test, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court.
As originally enacted in 2010, the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act required most Americans to obtain
minimum essential health insurance coverage. The Act
also imposed a monetary penalty, scaled according to in-
come, upon individuals who failed to do so. In 2017, Con-
gress effectively nullified the penalty by setting its amount
at $0. See Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, Pub. L. 115 -- 97, 131 Stat. 2092 (codified in 26 U. S. C. ).
Texas and 17 other States brought this lawsuit against
the United States and federal officials. They were later
joined by two individuals (Neill Hurley and John Nantz).
The plaintiffs claim that without the penalty the Act's min-
imum essential coverage requirement is unconstitutional.
Specifically, they say neither the Commerce Clause nor the
2 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Tax Clause (nor any other enumerated power) grants Con-
gress the power to enact it. See U. S. Const., Art. I,.
They also argue that the minimum essential coverage re-
quirement is not severable from the rest of the Act. Hence,
they believe the Act as a whole is invalid. We do not reach
these questions of the Act's validity, however, for Texas and
the other plaintiffs in this suit lack the standing necessary
to raise them.
I
A
We begin by describing the provision of the Act that the
plaintiffs attack as unconstitutional. The Act says in rele-
vant part:
"(a) Requirement to maintain minimum essen-
tial coverage
"An applicable individual shall... ensure that the
individual, and any dependent... who is an applicable
individual, is covered under minimum essential cover-
age....
"(b) Shared responsibility payment
"(1) In general
"If a taxpayer who is an applicable individual...
fails to meet the requirement of subsection (a)... there
is hereby imposed on the taxpayer a penalty... in the
amount determined under subsection (c).
"(2) Inclusion with return
"Any penalty imposed by this section... shall be in-
cluded with a taxpayer's return... for the taxable
year...." 26 U. S. C..
The Act defines "applicable individual" to include all tax-
payers who do not fall within a set of exemptions. See. As first enacted, the Act set forth a schedule of
penalties applicable to those who failed to meet its mini-
mum essential coverage requirement. See 
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

Opinion of the Court

(2012). The penalties varied with a taxpayer's income and
exempted, among others, persons whose annual incomes
fell below the federal income tax filing threshold. See
(2012). And the Act required that those subject
to a penalty include it with their annual tax return. See
(2) (2012). In 2017, Congress amended the Act by
setting the amount of the penalty in each category in
to "$0," effective beginning tax year 2019. See, 131 Stat. 2092.
Before Congress amended the Act, the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) had implemented by requiring in-
dividual taxpayers to report with their federal income tax
return whether they carried minimum essential coverage
(or could claim an exemption). After Congress amended the
Act, the IRS made clear that the statute no longer requires
taxpayers to report whether they do, or do not, maintain
that coverage. See IRS, Publication 5187, Tax Year 2019,
p. 5 ("Form 1040... will not have the 'full-year health care
coverage or exempt' box and Form 8965, Health Coverage
Exemptions, will no longer be used as the shared responsi-
bility payment is reduced to zero").
B
In 2018, Texas and more than a dozen other States (state
plaintiffs) brought this lawsuit against the Secretary of
Health and Human Services and the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, among others. App. 12, 34. They sought a
declaration that 's minimum essential coverage
provision is unconstitutional, a finding that the rest of the
Act is not severable from, and an injunction
against the rest of the Act's enforcement. Id., at 61 -- 63.
Hurley and Nantz (individual plaintiffs) soon joined them.
Although nominally defendants to the suit, the United
States took the side of the plaintiffs. See Brief for Federal
Respondents 12 -- 13 (arguing that the Act is unconstitu-
tional). Therefore California, along with 15 other States
4 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

and the District of Columbia (state intervenors), intervened
in order to defend the Act's constitutionality, see App. 12 -- 
13, as did the U. S. House of Representatives at the appel-
late stage, see id., at 3.
After taking evidence, the District Court found that the
individual plaintiffs had standing to challenge the constitu-
tionality of the minimum essential coverage provision,. See Texas v. United States, 340 F. Supp. 3d 579,
593 -- 595 (ND Tex. 2018). The court held that the minimum
essential coverage provision is unconstitutional and not
severable from the rest of the Act. It granted relief in the
form of a declaration stating just that. Id., at 595 -- 619. It
then stayed its judgment pending appeal. See Texas v.
United States, 352 F. Supp. 3d 665 (ND Tex. 2018).
On appeal, a panel majority agreed with the District
Court that the plaintiffs had standing and that the mini-
mum essential coverage provision was unconstitutional.
See Texas v. United States, 945 F. 3d 355, 377 -- 393 (CA5
2019). It found that the District Court's severability anal-
ysis, however, was "incomplete." Id., at 400. It wrote that
"[m]ore [wa]s needed to justify" the District Court's order
striking down the entire Act. Id., at 401. And it remanded
the case for further proceedings. Id., at 402 -- 403.
The state intervenors, defending the Act, asked us to re-
view the lower court decision. We granted their petition for
certiorari.
II
We proceed no further than standing. The Constitution
gives federal courts the power to adjudicate only genuine
"Cases" and "Controversies." Art. III,. That power in-
cludes the requirement that litigants have standing. A
plaintiff has standing only if he can "allege personal injury
fairly traceable to the defendant's allegedly unlawful con-
duct and likely to be redressed by the requested relief."
DaimlerChrysler Corp. v. Cuno, (2006)
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

Opinion of the Court

; see also Lujan v. De-
fenders of Wildlife, -- 561 (1992). Neither
the individual nor the state plaintiffs have shown that the
injury they will suffer or have suffered is "fairly traceable"
to the "allegedly unlawful conduct" of which they complain.
A
We begin with the two individual plaintiffs. They claim
a particularized individual harm in the form of payments
they have made and will make each month to carry the min-
imum essential coverage that requires. The in-
dividual plaintiffs point to the statutory language, which,
they say, commands them to buy health insurance. Brief
for Respondent-Cross Petitioner Hurley et al. 19 -- 20. But
even if we assume that this pocketbook injury satisfies the
injury element of Article III standing, see Whitmore v. Ar-
kansas, (1990), the plaintiffs neverthe-
less fail to satisfy the traceability requirement.
Their problem lies in the fact that the statutory provision,
while it tells them to obtain that coverage, has no means of
enforcement. With the penalty zeroed out, the IRS can no
longer seek a penalty from those who fail to comply. See 26
U. S. C. (setting out IRS enforcement only of the
taxpayer's failure to pay the penalty, not of the taxpayer's
failure to maintain minimum essential coverage). Because
of this, there is no possible Government action that is caus-
ally connected to the plaintiffs' injury -- the costs of purchas-
ing health insurance. Or to put the matter conversely, that
injury is not "fairly traceable" to any "allegedly unlawful
conduct" of which the plaintiffs complain. Allen v. Wright,
(1984). They have not pointed to any
way in which the defendants, the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue and the Secretary of Health and Human Services,
will act to enforce. They have not shown how any
other federal employees could do so either. In a word, they
6 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

have not shown that any kind of Government action or con-
duct has caused or will cause the injury they attribute to.
The plaintiffs point to cases concerning the Act that they
believe support their standing. But all of those cases con-
cerned the Act when the provision was indisputably enforce-
able, because the penalty provision was still in effect. See
Brief for Respondent-Cross Petitioner Hurley et al. 22 (cit-
ing Florida ex rel. Atty. Gen. v. United States Dept. of Health
and Human Servs., 648 F. 3d 1235, 1243 (CA11 2011);
Thomas More Law Center v. Obama, 651 F. 3d 529, 535
(CA6 2011); Virginia ex rel. Cuccinelli v. Sebelius, 656 F. 3d
253, 266 -- 268 (CA4 2011)); cf. National Federation of Inde-
pendent Business v. Sebelius, (2012) (as-
sessing the constitutionality of the Act with the penalty pro-
vision). These cases therefore tell us nothing about how the
statute is enforced, or could be enforced, today.
It is consequently not surprising that the plaintiffs can-
not point to cases that support them. To the contrary, our
cases have consistently spoken of the need to assert an in-
jury that is the result of a statute's actual or threatened en-
forcement, whether today or in the future. See, e.g., Babbitt
v. Farm Workers, (1979) ("A plaintiff who
challenges a statute must demonstrate a realistic danger of
sustaining a direct injury as a result of the statute's opera-
tion or enforcement" ); Virginia v. Ameri-
can Booksellers Assn., Inc., (1988) (re-
quiring "threatened or actual injury resulting from the
putatively illegal action" (internal quotation marks omit-
ted)). In the absence of contemporary enforcement, we have
said that a plaintiff claiming standing must show that the
likelihood of future enforcement is "substantial." Susan B.
Anthony List v. Driehaus, (2014); see also
Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923) ("The
party who invokes the power [of Article III courts] must be
able to show, not only that the statute is invalid, but that
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 7

Opinion of the Court

he has sustained or is immediately in danger of sustaining
some direct injury as the result of its enforcement").
The plaintiffs point out that these and other precedents
concern injuries anticipated in the future from a statute's
later enforcement. Here, the plaintiffs say, they have al-
ready suffered a pocketbook injury, for they have already
bought health insurance. They also emphasize the Court's
statement in Lujan that, when a plaintiff is the " 'object' " of
a challenged Government action, " 'there is ordinarily little
question that the action... has caused him injury, and that
a judgment preventing... the action will redress it.' " Brief
for Respondent-Cross Petitioner Hurley et al. 18. But critically, unlike Lujan,
here no unlawful Government action "fairly traceable" to
caused the plaintiffs' pocketbook harm. Here,
there is no action -- actual or threatened -- whatsoever.
There is only the statute's textually unenforceable lan-
guage.
To consider the matter from the point of view of another
standing requirement, namely, redressability, makes clear
that the statutory language alone is not sufficient. To de-
termine whether an injury is redressable, a court will con-
sider the relationship between "the judicial relief re-
quested" and the "injury" suffered. Allen, 468 U. S., at 753,. The plaintiffs here sought injunctive relief and a de-
claratory judgment. The injunctive relief, however, con-
cerned the Act's other provisions that they say are insever-
able from the minimum essential coverage requirement.
The relief they sought in respect to the only provision they
attack as unconstitutional -- the minimum essential cover-
age provision -- is declaratory relief, namely, a judicial
statement that the provision they attacked is unconstitu-
tional. See App. 61 -- 63 ("Count One: Declaratory Judgment
That the Individual Mandate of the ACA Exceeds Con-
gress's Article I Constitutional Enumerated Powers" (bold-
face deleted)); 340 F. Supp. 3d, at 619 (granting declaratory
8 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

judgment on count I as to ); 352 F. Supp. 3d, at
690 (severing and entering partial final judgment on count
I).
Remedies, however, ordinarily "operate with respect to
specific parties." Murphy v. National Collegiate Athletic
Assn., 584 U. S. ___, ___ (2018) (THOMAS, J., concurring). In the
absence of any specific party, they do not simply operate "on
legal rules in the abstract." Ibid. ; see also Mellon, 262 U. S., at 488 ("If a case for
preventive relief be presented, the court enjoins, in effect,
not the execution of the statute, but the acts of the official,
the statute notwithstanding").
This suit makes clear why that is so. The Declaratory
Judgment Act, 28 U. S. C., alone does not provide a
court with jurisdiction. See Skelly Oil Co. v. Phillips Petro-
leum Co., -- 672 (1950); R. Fallon, J. Man-
ning, D. Meltzer, & D. Shapiro, Hart and Wechsler's The
Federal Courts and the Federal System 841 (7th ed. 2015)
(that Act does "not confe[r ] jurisdiction over declaratory ac-
tions when the underlying dispute could not otherwise be
heard in federal court"); see also Poe v. Ullman, (1961) ("[T]he declaratory judgment device does
not... permit litigants to invoke the power of this Court to
obtain constitutional rulings in advance of necessity"). In-
stead, just like suits for every other type of remedy, declar-
atory-judgment actions must satisfy Article III's case-or-
controversy requirement. See MedImmune, Inc. v. Genen-
tech, Inc., -- 127 (2007). At a minimum,
this means that the dispute must "be 'real and substantial'
and 'admit of specific relief through a decree of a conclusive
character, as distinguished from an opinion advising what
the law would be upon a hypothetical state of facts.' " Id.,
at 127 (alteration omitted). Thus, to satisfy Article III
standing, we must look elsewhere to find a remedy that will
redress the individual plaintiffs' injuries.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 9

Opinion of the Court

What is that relief? The plaintiffs did not obtain dam-
ages. Nor, as we just said, did the plaintiffs obtain an in-
junction in respect to the provision they attack as unconsti-
tutional. But, more than that: How could they have sought
any such injunction? The provision is unenforceable. There
is no one, and nothing, to enjoin. They cannot enjoin the
Secretary of Health and Human Services, because he has
no power to enforce against them. And they do
not claim that they might enjoin Congress. In these circum-
stances, injunctive relief could amount to no more than a
declaration that the statutory provision they attack is un-
constitutional, i.e., a declaratory judgment. But once again,
that is the very kind of relief that cannot alone supply ju-
risdiction otherwise absent. See Nashville, C. & St. L. R.
Co. v. Wallace, (1933) (inquiring whether
a suit for declaratory relief "would be justiciable in this
Court if presented in a suit for injunction"); Medtronic, Inc.
v. Mirowski Family Ventures, LLC, 
(2014) (noting that a court looks to "the nature of the threat-
ened action in the absence of the declaratory judgment suit"
to determine whether jurisdiction exists).
The matter is not simply technical. To find standing here
to attack an unenforceable statutory provision would allow
a federal court to issue what would amount to "an advisory
opinion without the possibility of any judicial relief." Los
Angeles v. Lyons, (1983) (Marshall, J., dis-
senting); see also Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environ-
ment, (1998) (to have standing, a plaintiff
must seek "an acceptable Article III remedy" that will "re-
dress a cognizable Article III injury"). It would threaten to
grant unelected judges a general authority to conduct over-
sight of decisions of the elected branches of Government.
See United States v. Richardson, (1974)
(Powell, J., concurring). Article III guards against federal
courts assuming this kind of jurisdiction. See Carney v. Ad-
ams, 592 U. S. ___, ___ (2020).
10 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Last, the federal respondents raised for the first time a
novel alternative theory of standing on behalf of the indi-
vidual plaintiffs in their merits brief. (The dissent, alone,
puts forward a similar novel theory on behalf of the state
plaintiffs.) That theory was not directly argued by the
plaintiffs in the courts below, see 945 F. 3d, at 385 -- 386, and, and was nowhere presented at the certiorari stage.
We accordingly decline to consider it. Cf. Adarand Con-
structors, Inc. v. Mineta, -- 110 (2001) (per
curiam); see also Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005).
B
Next, we turn to the state plaintiffs. We conclude that
Texas and the other state plaintiffs have similarly failed to
show that they have alleged an "injury fairly traceable to
the defendant's allegedly unlawful conduct." Cuno, 547
U. S., at 342 (internal quotation marks omitted; emphasis
added). They claim two kinds of pocketbook injuries. First,
they allege an indirect injury in the form of the increased
use of (and therefore cost to) state-operated medical insur-
ance programs. Second, they claim a direct injury resulting
from a variety of increased administrative and related ex-
penses required, they say, by the minimum essential cover-
age provision, along with other provisions of the Act that,
they add, are inextricably " 'interwoven' " with it. Brief for
Respondent-Cross Petitioner States 39.
1
First, the state plaintiffs claim that the minimum essen-
tial coverage provision has led state residents subject to it
to enroll in state-operated or state-sponsored insurance
programs such as Medicaid, see 42 U. S. C. -- 1396w,
the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), see, and health insurance programs for state employ-
ees. The state plaintiffs say they must pay a share of the
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 11

Opinion of the Court

costs of serving those new enrollees. As with the individual
plaintiffs, the States also have failed to show how this in-
jury is directly traceable to any actual or possible unlawful
Government conduct in enforcing. Cf. Clapper v.
Amnesty Int'l USA, (2013) ("plain-
tiffs bear the burden of... showing that the defendant's ac-
tual action has caused the substantial risk of harm" (em-
phasis added)). That alone is enough to show that they, like
the individual plaintiffs, lack Article III standing.
But setting aside that pure issue of law, we need only ex-
amine the initial factual premise of their claim to uncover
another fatal weakness: The state plaintiffs have failed to
show that the challenged minimum essential coverage pro-
vision, without any prospect of penalty, will harm them by
leading more individuals to enroll in these programs.
We have said that, where a causal relation between in-
jury and challenged action depends upon the decision of an
independent third party (here an individual's decision to
enroll in, say, Medicaid), "standing is not precluded, but it
is ordinarily 'substantially more difficult' to establish "
Lujan, 504 U. S., at 562 ;
see also Clapper, 568 U. S., at 414 (expressing "reluctance
to endorse standing theories that rest on speculation about
the decisions of independent actors"). To satisfy that bur-
den, the plaintiff must show at the least "that third parties
will likely react in predictable ways." Department of Com-
merce v. New York, 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019).
And, "at the summary judgment stage, such a party can no
longer rest on... mere allegations, but must set forth...
specific facts" that adequately support their contention.
Clapper, 568 U. S., at 411 -- 412. The state plaintiffs have not done so.
The programs to which the state plaintiffs point offer
their recipients many benefits that have nothing to do with
the minimum essential coverage provision of.
See, e.g., 42 U. S. C. -- (b) (providing for no-cost
12 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Medicaid services furnished to children and pregnant
women, and for emergency services, hospice care, and
COVID -- 19 testing related services, among others, as well
as "nominal" charges for other individuals and services);
(prohibiting Medicaid premiums for certain indi-
viduals with family income below 150 percent of the poverty
line and capping the premium at 10 percent of an eligible
individual's family income above that line); 26 U. S. C.
(2)(C) (providing premium tax credits to make
health insurance plans, including employer-sponsored
plans, more affordable). Given these benefits, neither logic
nor intuition suggests that the presence of the minimum
essential coverage requirement would lead an individual to
enroll in one of those programs that its absence would lead
them to ignore. A penalty might have led some inertia-
bound individuals to enroll. But without a penalty, what
incentive could the provision provide?
The evidence that the state plaintiffs introduced in the
District Court does not show the contrary. That evidence
consists of 21 statements (from state officials) about how
new enrollees will increase the costs of state health insur-
ance programs, see App. 79 -- 191, 339 -- 363, along with one
statement taken from a 2017 Congressional Budget Office
(CBO) Report, see id., at 306 -- 311.
Of the 21 statements, we have found only 4 that allege
that added state costs are attributable to the minimum es-
sential coverage requirement. And all four refer to that pro-
vision as it existed before Congress removed the penalty ef-
fective beginning tax year 2019, i.e., while a penalty still
existed to be enforced. See id., at 147 -- 148 (decl. of Drew L.
Snyder) (noting "[e]fforts to avoid imposition of the fine
likely prompted more individuals to seek Medicaid from
[Mississippi]"); id., at 154 (decl. of Jennifer R. Tidball) (not-
ing that "Missouri residents were required to seek health
care coverage or pay a penalty to the federal government,"
and while "it is difficult to quantify the exact number of
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 13

Opinion of the Court

Medicaid enrollees that can be attributed to the [Act], dur-
ing the time period the [Act] was implemented the Medicaid
caseload increased"); id., at 341 -- 342 (decl. of Blake Fulen-
wider) (observing that "Georgia residents were necessarily
required to secure health care coverage or pay a fine to the
federal government" and stating that "I believe that the in-
dividual mandate played a substantial role in the increase
in the number of Medicaid recipients since 2011"); id., at
139 (decl. of Mike Michael) (describing costs associated with
"[p]lan changes to cover individual mandate" spread "over
the years of 2013 to 2018").
One other declaration refers to increased costs to the
States as employers, but it is vague as to the time period at
issue. See id., at 347 -- 348 (decl. of Teresa MacCartney)
("After the implementation of the [Act]'s individual man-
date, [Georgia's Department of Community Health] experi-
enced a substantial increase in employee elections to obtain
health insurance").
The state plaintiffs emphasize one further piece of evi-
dence, a CBO Report released in 2017. See id., at 306 -- 311.
At that time, Congress was considering whether to repeal
the minimum essential coverage provision or, instead,
simply set the penalty for failure to obtain coverage to $0
for all taxpayers. The state plaintiffs focus on the para-
graph of the CBO Report that says that either way, the re-
sult would be "very similar," for "only a small number of
people" would continue to enroll in health insurance solely
out of a "willingness to comply with the law." Id., at 307.
And they argue that a "small number" is sufficient (by rais-
ing costs in furnishing Medicaid and CHIP) to provide them
with standing.
In our view, however, this predictive sentence without
more cannot show that the minimum essential coverage
provision was the cause of added enrollment to state health
plans. It does not explain, for example, who would buy in-
surance that they would not otherwise have bought. (For
14 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

example, individuals who purchase insurance on individual
exchanges -- like individual plaintiffs Hurley and Nantz -- 
do not increase the relevant costs to the States of furnishing
coverage.) Nor does it explain why they might do so. The
CBO statement does not adequately trace the necessary
connection between the provision without a penalty and
new enrollment in Medicaid and CHIP. We have found no
other significant evidence that might keep the CBO state-
ment company.
Unsurprisingly, the States have not demonstrated that
an unenforceable mandate will cause their residents to en-
roll in valuable benefits programs that they would other-
wise forgo. It would require far stronger evidence than the
States have offered here to support their counterintuitive
theory of standing, which rests on a "highly attenuated
chain of possibilities." Clapper, 568 U. S., at 410 -- 411; cf.
Department of Commerce, 588 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 11) (District Court did not clearly err in finding that
plaintiffs had standing where plaintiffs relied not only on
"the predictable effect of Government action on the decisions
of third parties" but also on comprehensive studies, rather
than mere "speculation" ).
2
The state plaintiffs add that 's minimum essen-
tial coverage provision also causes them to incur additional
costs directly. They point to the costs of providing benefi-
ciaries of state health plans with information about their
health insurance coverage, as well as the cost of furnishing
the IRS with that related information. See Brief for Re-
spondent/Cross-Petitioner States 20 -- 22.
The problem with these claims, however, is that other
provisions of Act, not the minimum essential coverage pro-
vision, impose these other requirements. Nothing in the
text of these form provisions suggests that they would not
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 15

Opinion of the Court

operate without. See (1)(B)(iii)(II),
(c)(1) (requiring certification as to whether the beneficiary's
plan qualifies for cost-sharing or premium tax credits under
); (2)(B), (c)(1) (requiring certification as to
whether the plan qualifies as an "eligible employer-spon-
sored plan" that satisfies 's employer mandate).
These provisions refer to only to pick up a different
subsection's definition of "minimum essential coverage."
See 26 U. S. C., 6056(b)(2)(B) (incorporating
's definition of "minimum essential coverage"). To
show that the minimum essential coverage requirement is
unconstitutional would not show that enforcement of any of
these other provisions violates the Constitution. The state
plaintiffs do not claim the contrary. The Government's con-
duct in question is therefore not "fairly traceable" to en-
forcement of the "allegedly unlawful" provision of which the
plaintiffs complain -- . Allen, 468 U. S., at 751.
The state plaintiffs complain of other pocketbook injuries.
They say, for example, that, in order to avoid a "substantial
tax penalty," they will have to "offer their full-time employ-
ees (and qualified dependents) minimum essential coverage
under an eligible employer-sponsored plan." Brief for Re-
spondent/Cross-Petitioner States 23. They say that the Act's insistence that
they "expand Medicaid eligibility" has led to "increas[ed]...
Medicaid expenditures." Ibid. And they argue that "the
[Act]'s vast and complex rules and regulations" will require
additional expenditures. Id., at 22 -- 23. They seem to argue that they will have
to pay more to expand coverage for employees who work 30 -- 
39 hours per week, see App. 174, and for those who become
too old to remain in foster care, see id., at 152 -- 153.
Again, the problem for the state plaintiffs is that these
other provisions also operate independently of.
See 26 U. S. C. (establishing an employer man-
date); (4) (establishing employee eligibility for
16 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

employer health plans for employees working 30 -- 39 hours
per week); 42 U. S. C. (10)(A)(i)(IX) (providing
continuing Medicaid coverage for those aged out of foster
care). At most, those provisions pick up only 's
definition of minimum essential coverage in related subsec-
tions. No one claims these other provisions violate the Con-
stitution. Rather, the state plaintiffs attack the constitu-
tionality of only the minimum essential coverage provision.
They have not alleged that they have suffered an "injury
fairly traceable to the defendant's allegedly unlawful con-
duct." Cuno, 547 U. S., at 342.
* * *
For these reasons, we conclude that the plaintiffs in this
suit failed to show a concrete, particularized injury fairly
traceable to the defendants' conduct in enforcing the spe-
cific statutory provision they attack as unconstitutional.
They have failed to show that they have standing to attack
as unconstitutional the Act's minimum essential coverage
provision. Therefore, we reverse the Fifth Circuit's judg-
ment in respect to standing, vacate the judgment, and re-
mand the case with instructions to dismiss.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 19 -- 840 and 19 -- 1019
_________________

CALIFORNIA, ET AL., PETITIONERS
19 -- 840 v.
TEXAS, ET AL.

TEXAS, ET AL., PETITIONERS
19 -- 1019 v.
CALIFORNIA, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 17, 2021]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring.
There is much to commend JUSTICE ALITO's account of
"our epic Affordable Care Act trilogy." Post, at 1 (dissenting
opinion). This Court has gone to great lengths to rescue the
Act from its own text. Post, at 1 -- 2. So have the Act's de-
fenders, who argued in first instance that the individual
coverage mandate is the Act's linchpin, yet now, in an
about-face, contend that it is just a throwaway sentence.
But, whatever the Act's dubious history in this Court, we
must assess the current suit on its own terms. And, here,
there is a fundamental problem with the arguments ad-
vanced by the plaintiffs in attacking the Act -- they have not
identified any unlawful action that has injured them. Ante,
at 5, 11, 14 -- 16. Today's result is thus not the consequence
of the Court once again rescuing the Act, but rather of us
adjudicating the particular claims the plaintiffs chose to
bring.
I
This Court first encountered the Act in 2011. That case
2 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

THOMAS, J., concurring

involved the constitutionality of the Act's individual cover-
age mandate. National Federation of Independent Business
v. Sebelius, (2012). Despite correctly rec-
ognizing that Congress' enumerated powers did not allow it
to impose such a mandate, the Court nonetheless upheld it
by characterizing the "financial penalty" imposed on those
who failed to comply with the mandate as a "tax." Id., at
574.
That curious approach left us with no need to address a
subsidiary question on which we had also granted review:
whether the Act was inseverable from the mandate and
thus would need to fall if the mandate were unconstitu-
tional. The parties challenging the law argued "yes." And
the Government agreed in part. It stressed that the man-
date could not be severed from two other important features
of the Act: the "guaranteed-issue" provision -- which bars in-
surers from denying coverage based on medical conditions
or history -- and the "community-rating" provision -- which
bars insurers from charging individuals higher premiums
for similar reasons. Brief for Respondents in National Fed-
eration of Independent Business v. Sebelius, O. T. 2011, No.
11 -- 393, pp. 44 -- 54; see 42 U. S. C. -- 1, 300gg -- 3,
300gg -- 4(a), 300gg(a)(1), 300gg -- 4(b).
According to the Government, the mandate was "neces-
sary to make those [other] reforms effective." Brief for Re-
spondents in No. 11 -- 393, at 44. It noted that "Congress's
findings expressly state that enforcement of those provi-
sions without a minimum coverage provision would restrict
the availability of health insurance and make it less afford-
able -- the opposite of Congress's goals in enacting the Af-
fordable Care Act." Id., at 44 -- 45; see (H) -- (J).
And as JUSTICE ALITO discusses in more detail, at the time
we decided NFIB, "it was widely thought that without the
mandate much of the Act -- and perhaps even the whole
scheme -- would collapse." Post, at 1, 27 -- 29.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

This Court also embraced that view when we reencoun-
tered the Act in 2015. King v. Burwell,. Sav-
ing the Act again through a feat of linguistic ingenuity -- 
this time by redefining "State" to mean " 'State or the Fed-
eral Government,' " id., at 498 (Scalia, J., dissenting) -- the
Court explained that "Congress [had] found that the guar-
anteed issue and community rating requirements would not
work without the [mandate]," id., at 482; see also post, at 5
(ALITO, J., dissenting).
But times have changed. In this suit, the plaintiffs assert
that the mandate is unconstitutional because it no longer
imposes financial consequences and thus cannot be justified
as a tax. And given that the mandate is unconstitutional,
other portions of the Act that actually harm the plaintiffs
must fall with it. In response to this theory, the current
administration contends that the mandate can be severed
from the rest of the Act. Letter from E. Kneedler, Deputy
Solicitor General, to S. Harris, Clerk of Court (Feb. 10,
2021) (notifying the Court of the Federal Government's
change in position). The Act's other defenders agree. Brief
for Petitioners 35 -- 49. In other words, those who would pre-
serve the Act must reverse course and argue that the man-
date has transformed from the cornerstone of the law into
a standalone provision.
II
On all of this JUSTICE ALITO and I agree. Where we part
ways is on the relief to which the plaintiffs are entitled. The
Constitution gives this Court only the power to resolve
"Cases" or "Controversies." Art. III,. As everyone
agrees, we have interpreted this language to require a
plaintiff to present an injury that is traceable to a particu-
lar "unlawful" action. Ante, at 5, 11, 14 -- 16; post, at 9 -- 10
(ALITO, J., dissenting). And in light of the specific theories
and arguments advanced in this suit, I do not believe that
4 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

THOMAS, J., concurring

the plaintiffs have carried this burden. As the majority ex-
plains in detail, the individual plaintiffs allege only harm
caused by the bare existence of an unlawful statute that
does not impose any obligations or consequences. Ante, at
5 -- 10. That is not enough. The state plaintiffs' arguments
fail for similar reasons. Although they claim harms flowing
from enforcement of certain parts of the Act, they attack
only the lawfulness of a different provision. None of these
theories trace a clear connection between an injury and un-
lawful conduct.
JUSTICE ALITO does not contest that analysis. Rather, he
argues that the state plaintiffs can establish standing an-
other way: through "inseverability." Post, at 15 ("First, [the
States] contend that the individual mandate is unconstitu-
tional.... Second, they argue that costly obligations im-
posed on them by other provisions of the ACA cannot be
severed from the mandate. If both steps of the States' ar-
gument that the challenged enforcement actions are unlaw-
ful are correct, it follows that the Government cannot law-
fully enforce those obligations against the States"). This
theory offers a connection between harm and unlawful con-
duct. And, it might well support standing in some circum-
stances, as it has some support in history and our case law.
See post, at 16 -- 20; Lea, Situational Severability, 103 Va. L.
Rev. 735, 764 -- 776 (2017).
But, I do not think we should address this standing-
through-inseverability argument for several reasons. First,
the plaintiffs did not raise it below, and the lower courts did
not address it in any detail. 945 F. 3d 355, 386, (CA5
2019). That omission is reason enough not to address this
theory because " 'we are a court of review, not of first view.' "
Brownback v. King, 592 U. S. ___, ___, (2021) (, ). Second, the state plaintiffs did not raise this
theory in their opening brief before this Court, see Brief for
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring

Respondent/Cross-Petitioner States 18 -- 30,1 and they did
not even clearly raise it in reply.2 Third, this Court has not
addressed standing-through-inseverability in any detail,
largely relying on it through implication. See post, at 16 -- 
20; Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, (1998) ("We have often said that drive-by jurisdic-
tional rulings... have no precedential effect"). And fourth,
this Court has been inconsistent in describing whether in-
severability is a remedy or merits question. To the extent
the parties seek inseverability as a remedy, the Court is
powerless to grant that relief. See Murphy v. National Col-
legiate Athletic Assn., 584 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2018) ( -- 4) (THOMAS, J., concurring); see also Barr v. American
Assn. of Political Consultants, 591 U. S. ___, ___, (2020)

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The States instead raised the two pocketbook injury theories dis-

cussed by the Court, ante, at 10; Brief for Respondent/Cross-Petitioner
States 19 -- 28, along with another irrelevant theory. Both theories fo-
cused only on the mandate's unlawfulness. The dissent points to certain
language arguably touching on standing-through-inseverability, post, at
13 -- 14, but I respectfully disagree. That language addresses a different
theory -- the argument that the unlawful mandate harms the States by
increasing the cost of complying with other Act provisions, such as re-
porting requirements relating to the mandate. Ante, at 14 -- 16; Brief for
Respondent/Cross-Petitioner States 20 -- 25 (discussing how "the individ-
ual mandate itself increased the costs to state respondents in at least six
ways" (brackets and internal quotation marks omitted)). As the Court
notes, "[n]o one claims these other provisions violate the Constitution."
Ante, at 16. And, the Court does not address the argument that these
provisions are otherwise unlawful. Ante, at 10 ("declin[ing] to consider"
the standing-through-inseverability theory raised by the dissent "on be-
half of the state plaintiffs").
2 This lack of legal development is particularly significant because

standing-through-inseverability -- assuming it is a legitimate theory of
standing -- is fundamentally a merits-like exercise that requires courts to
apply ordinary principles of statutory interpretation to determine if it is
at least "arguable" that a statute links the lawfulness of one provision to
the lawfulness of another. See Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environ-
ment, (1998). Thus, a failure to develop a standing-
through-inseverability argument poses a significant obstacle to review.
6 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

THOMAS, J., concurring

(plurality opinion) (, ). Thus, standing-
through-inseverability could only be a valid theory of stand-
ing to the extent it treats inseverability as a merits exercise
of statutory interpretation. See Post, at 15 -- 16 (ALITO, J.,
dissenting); Lea, supra, at 764 -- 776. But petitioners have
proposed no such theory.
* * *
The plaintiffs failed to demonstrate that the harm they
suffered is traceable to unlawful conduct. Although this
Court has erred twice before in cases involving the Afford-
able Care Act, it does not err today.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 19 -- 840 and 19 -- 1019
_________________

CALIFORNIA, ET AL., PETITIONERS
19 -- 840 v.
TEXAS, ET AL.

TEXAS, ET AL., PETITIONERS
19 -- 1019 v.
CALIFORNIA, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 17, 2021]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins, dis-
senting.
Today's decision is the third installment in our epic Af-
fordable Care Act trilogy, and it follows the same pattern as
installments one and two. In all three episodes, with the
Affordable Care Act facing a serious threat, the Court has
pulled off an improbable rescue.
In the opening installment, National Federation of Inde-
pendent Business v. Sebelius, (2012) (NFIB),
the Court saved the so-called "individual mandate," the
same critical provision at issue in today's suit. At that time,
the individual mandate imposed a "penalty" on most Amer-
icans who refused to purchase health insurance or enroll in
Medicaid, see 26 U. S. C. (2012 ed.), and it was
widely thought that without the mandate much of the Act -- 
and perhaps even the whole scheme -- would collapse. The
Government's principal defense of the mandate was that it
represented a lawful exercise of Congress's power to regu-
late interstate commerce, see U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 3,
2 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

but the Court rejected that unprecedented argument, see
567 U. S., at 572 (opinion of the Court); id., at 561 (opinion
of ROBERTS, C. J.); id., at 648 (joint dissent of Scalia, Ken-
nedy, THOMAS, and ALITO, JJ.). That might have foretold
doom, but then, in a stunning turn of events, the threat to
the ACA was defused when the "penalty" for failing to com-
ply with the mandate was found to be a "tax" and thus to be
justified as an exercise of Congress's taxing power. Id., at
575 (opinion of ROBERTS, C. J.); see also id., at 574 (opinion
of the Court); see U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 1. By a vote of
5 to 4, the individual mandate -- and with it the rest of the
ACA -- lived on.
In the next installment, King v. Burwell, 
(2015), the Court carried out an equally impressive rescue.
One of the Act's key provisions provided subsidies to per-
sons purchasing insurance through exchanges established
by a "State." 26 U. S. C. -- (c) (2012 ed.). When
many States refused to establish such exchanges, the Fed-
eral Government did so instead. But the critical subsidies
were seemingly unavailable on those exchanges, which had
not been established by a "State" in any conventional sense
of the term. Once again, some feared that the Act was in
mortal danger, but the Court came to the rescue by finding
that the Federal Government is a "State." 576 U. S., at
484 -- 498.
Now, in the trilogy's third episode, the Court is presented
with the daunting problem of a "tax" that does not tax. Can
the taxing power, which saved the day in the first episode,
sustain such a curious creature? In 2017, Congress reduced
the "tax" imposed on Americans who failed to abide by the
individual mandate to $0. With that move, the slender reed
that supported the decision in NFIB was seemingly cut
down, but once again the Court has found a way to protect
the ACA. Instead of defending the constitutionality of the
individual mandate, the Court simply ducks the issue and
holds that none of the Act's challengers, including the 18
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

States that think the Act saddles them with huge financial
costs, is entitled to sue.
Can this be correct? The ACA imposes many burdensome
obligations on States in their capacity as employers, and
the 18 States in question collectively have more than a mil-
lion employees.1 Even $1 in harm is enough to support
standing. Yet no State has standing?
In prior cases, the Court has been selectively generous in
allowing States to sue. Just recently, New York and certain
other States were permitted to challenge the inclusion of a
citizenship question in the 2020 census even though any ef-
fect on them depended on a speculative chain of events. See
Department of Commerce v. New York, 588 U. S. ___, ___ -- 
___ (2019) ( -- 11). The States' theory was that
the citizenship question might cause some residents to vio-
late their obligation to complete a census questionnaire and
that this, in turn, might decrease the States' allocation of
House seats and their share of federal funds. Id., at ___.
Last Term, Pennsylvania and New Jersey were permitted
to contest a rule exempting the Little Sisters of the Poor
and other religious employers from the ACA's contraceptive
mandate. Little Sisters of the Poor Saints Peter and Paul
Home v. Pennsylvania, 591 U. S. ___ (2020). There, the the-
ory was that some affected employees might not be able to
afford contraceptives and might therefore turn to state-
funded sources to pay for their contraceptives or the ex-
penses of an unwanted pregnancy.2 Some years ago, Mas-
sachusetts was allowed to sue (and force the Environmental
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See Dept. of Commerce, Bureau of Census, 2020 Annual Survey of

Public Employment & Payroll Datasets, State Government Employment
& Payroll Data (May 2021), www.census.gov/data/datasets/2020/econ/
apes/annual-apes.html.
2 See Pennsylvania v. President of United States, 930 F. 3d 543, 561 -- 

565 (CA3 2019). Although our opinion did not address the issue, we are
required to consider Article III standing in every case that comes before
4 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

Protection Agency (EPA) to regulate greenhouse gases) on
the theory that failure to do so would cause the ocean to rise
and reduce the size of the Commonwealth. See Massachu-
setts v. EPA, -- 526 (2007). On the other
hand, when Texas recently tried to sue to press different
legal issues in an original action, the Court would not even
allow it to file its complaint. See Texas v. California, post,
p. ___ (ALITO, J., dissenting).
In this suit, as I will explain, Texas and the other state
plaintiffs have standing, and now that the "tax" imposed by
the individual mandate is set at $0, the mandate cannot be
sustained under the taxing power. As a result, it is clearly
unconstitutional, and to the extent that the provisions of
the ACA that burden the States are inextricably linked to
the individual mandate, they too are unenforceable.
I
A
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA),
124 Stat. 119, comprehensively reengineered our country's
healthcare laws. The Act itself totals 906 pages, and thou-
sands of pages of regulations have been issued to imple-
ment it. At its core, the ACA includes a series of "closely
interrelated" provisions, NFIB, 567 U. S., at 691 (joint dis-
sent), that impose a bevy of new legal obligations on indi-
viduals, insurers, employers, and States.
A critical component of the Act's design was the individ-
ual mandate, which provides that each "applicable individ-
ual shall... ensure that the individual... is covered under
minimum essential coverage." 26 U. S. C.. Orig-
inally, most individuals who were subject to but disobeyed
this command were liable for what the Act called a
"[s]hared responsibility payment" or "penalty.".
The individual mandate was "closely intertwined" with
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
us. See Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, 
(1998).
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

ALITO, J., dissenting

other critical provisions, King, 576 U. S., at 482, including
the critical "guaranteed issue" and "community rating" pro-
visions, which ensured that individuals with preexisting
medical conditions would not be denied coverage or pay un-
usually high premiums. See, e.g., 42 U. S. C.,
300gg -- 1(a). Put simply, "Congress found that the guaran-
teed issue and community rating requirements would not
work without the" individual mandate. King, 576 U. S., at
482.
Several additional features of the ACA are important in
this suit. First, certain employers, including the state
plaintiffs, must offer employees the opportunity to enroll in
costly "minimum essential [healthcare] coverage," and the
Act demands that such plans cover an employee's depend-
ent children until they turn 26. 26 U. S. C. ; 42
U. S. C. -- 14. Most employers that fail to offer this
coverage are subject to a hefty penalty of thousands of dol-
lars per employee. 26 U. S. C., (b), (c)(1).
The ACA also imposes burdensome reporting require-
ments on certain employers like the state plaintiffs. See, 6056. Under of the Internal Revenue Code,
employers that "provid[e] minimum essential coverage"
must submit documentation every year to both the Internal
Revenue Service and the covered individuals. -- 
(c). Section 6056 imposes similar reporting obligations on
"[e]very applicable large employer" subject to the employer
mandate. See -- (c). Failure to satisfy these re-
porting requirements can result in substantial monetary
penalties. See, 6722.
B
Although the ACA survived this Court's decisions in
NFIB and King, it remained controversial, and in 2017, a
major effort was made to repeal much of it. A bill to do just
that passed the House of Representatives in May, but soon
after failed in the Senate. See American Health Care Act
6 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

of 2017, H. R. 1628, 115th Cong., 1st Sess. (2017). Later
that year, the two Chambers compromised in the Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act (TCJA), Pub. L. 115 -- 97, 131 Stat. 2054, which
set the amount of the "tax" imposed for noncompliance with
the individual mandate at "[z]ero percent" and "$0.", 131 Stat. 2092 (amending 26 U. S. C. ).
What the NFIB Court had salvaged as a "tax" could now
raise no revenue.
C
After the enactment of the TCJA, Texas and 17 other
States brought suit against the United States, the Commis-
sioner of the IRS, the IRS, the Secretary of Health and Hu-
man Services, and the Department of Health and Human
Services to challenge the ACA.3 The state plaintiffs identi-
fied many expenses imposed on them by the ACA, and they
sought declaratory and injunctive relief. In their view, the
individual mandate could no longer be sustained as a "tax,"
and the remainder of the ACA was unenforceable because
it was inseparable from that unconstitutional provision.
Soon thereafter, two individuals joined the States as plain-
tiffs. California, 15 other States, and the District of Colum-
bia intervened to defend the ACA.4 For its part, the Federal
Government agreed that the individual mandate was un-
constitutional but argued that it was severable from almost

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 These States were Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,

Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Mississippi (via its Governor), Missouri, Ne-
braska, North Dakota, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah,
and West Virginia. The State of Wisconsin was also a plaintiff in District
Court but has since been voluntarily dismissed from the suit. Former
Maine Governor Paul LePage attempted to represent Maine as a plaintiff
in the District Court, but was subsequently dismissed from the lawsuit.
4 The state intervenors are California, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii,

Illinois, Kentucky (via its Governor), Massachusetts, Minnesota, New
Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont, Vir-
ginia, and Washington. Colorado, Iowa, Michigan, and Nevada also
joined as additional state intervenors while this suit was on appeal.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 7

ALITO, J., dissenting

all other portions of the ACA.
Ruling on what it construed as a plaintiffs' motion for
partial summary judgment, the District Court declared the
entire ACA unlawful. Texas v. United States, 340 F. Supp.
3d 579, 619 (ND Tex. 2018). It held that the individual
plaintiffs had standing, that the individual mandate could
no longer be sustained as a lawful exercise of Congress's
taxing power, and that the mandate was inseverable from
the remainder of the ACA, including the provisions that im-
pose financial burdens on the state plaintiffs. Id., at 592 -- 
619.
On appeal, the Fifth Circuit affirmed in part and vacated
in part. Texas v. United States, 945 F. 3d 355 (CA5 2019).
It found that both the state plaintiffs and the individual
plaintiffs had standing, and it agreed with the District
Court that the individual mandate could no longer be sus-
tained under the taxing power. But the Court of Appeals
remanded the case and directed the District Court to reas-
sess the broad relief it had ordered.
The state intervenors then filed a petition for a writ of
certiorari seeking review of the Court of Appeals' interlocu-
tory decision. The plaintiffs opposed interlocutory review,
but filed a conditional cross-petition asking us to review the
Court of Appeals' remand decision in the event that the
Court granted the state intervenors' petition. This Court
granted both petitions. 589 U. S. ___ (2020).
II
We may consider the merits of this appeal if even one
plaintiff has standing, Little Sisters of the Poor, 591 U. S.,
at ___, ; Rumsfeld v. Forum for Academic and Institu-
tional Rights, Inc., (2006), but the ma-
jority concludes that no plaintiff -- neither the States that
originally brought suit nor the individual plaintiffs who
later joined them -- has standing under Article III of the
8 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

Constitution. That is a remarkable holding. While the in-
dividual plaintiffs' claim to standing raises a novel ques-
tion, the States have standing for reasons that are straight-
forward and meritorious. The Court's contrary holding is
based on a fundamental distortion of our standing jurispru-
dence.
A
The governing rules are well-settled. To establish Article
III standing, a plaintiff must show: (1) "an injury in fact";
(2) that this injury "is fairly traceable to the challenged con-
duct of the defendant"; and (3) that the injury "is likely to
be redressed by a favorable judicial decision." Spokeo, Inc.
v. Robins, (2016); see also, e.g., Carney v.
Adams, 592 U. S. ___, ___ (2020) ; Hol-
lingsworth v. Perry, (2013); Lujan v. De-
fenders of Wildlife, -- 561 (1992).
In the present suit, there is no material dispute that the
States have satisfied two of these requirements. First,
there is no question that the States have demonstrated an
injury in fact. An injury in fact is "an invasion of a legally
protected interest that is concrete and particularized and
actual or imminent, not conjectural or hypothetical."
Spokeo, 578 U. S., at 339 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). A financial or so-called "pocketbook" injury consti-
tutes injury in fact, and even a small pocketbook injury -- 
like the loss of $1 -- is enough. See Czyzewski v. Jevic Hold-
ing Corp., 580 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ("For
standing purposes, a loss of even a small amount of money
is ordinarily an 'injury' "). Here, the States have offered
plenty of evidence that they incur substantial expenses in
order to comply with obligations imposed by the ACA.
There is likewise no material dispute that these financial
injuries could be redressed by a favorable judgment. The
District Court declared the entire ACA unenforceable, and
that judgment, if sustained, would spare the States from
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 9

ALITO, J., dissenting

the costs of complying with the ACA's provisions. So too
would a more modest judgment limited to only those ACA
provisions that directly burden the States.
The standing dispute in this suit thus turns on traceabil-
ity. See ante, at 14 -- 16. But once this requirement is
properly understood, it is apparent that it too is met.
Our cases explain that traceability requires "a causal con-
nection between the injury and the conduct complained of."
Lujan, 504 U. S., at 560. In other words,
the injury has to be " 'fairly... trace[able] to the challenged
action of the defendant.' " Ibid. ;
emphasis added). We have repeatedly and consistently de-
scribed the traceability inquiry this way. See Spokeo, 578
U. S., at 338 ("The plaintiff must have (1) suffered an injury
in fact, (2) that is fairly traceable to the challenged conduct
of the defendant"); Hein v. Freedom From Religion Founda-
tion, Inc., (2007) (plurality opinion) ("A
plaintiff must allege personal injury fairly traceable to the
defendant's allegedly unlawful conduct" ); DaimlerChrysler Corp. v. Cuno, (2006) ("A plaintiff must allege personal injury
fairly traceable to the defendant's allegedly unlawful con-
duct" ); Bennett v. Spear,
(1997) (requiring "that the injury is fairly
traceable to the actions of the defendant" (internal quota-
tion marks omitted)); Lujan, 504 U. S., at 560 (requiring an
injury "fairly traceable to the challenged action of the de-
fendant" (internal quotation marks and alterations omit-
ted)); Allen v. Wright, (1984) (requiring
an injury "fairly traceable to the Government conduct re-
spondents challenge as unlawful").5 Tracing injuries to par-
ticular conduct ensures that the properly adverse parties

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 There are dozens upon dozens of examples. Some recent cases include
10 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

are before the court and reinforces the traditional under-
standing of legal judgments. See Massachusetts v. Mellon,
(1923) ("If a case for preventive relief be
presented," what the court enjoins are "the acts of the offi-
cial" charged with the law's enforcement).
The States have clearly shown that they suffer concrete
and particularized financial injuries that are traceable to
conduct of the Federal Government. The ACA saddles them
with expensive and burdensome obligations, and those ob-
ligations are enforced by the Federal Government. That is
sufficient to establish standing. As the Court observed in
Lujan, when a party is "an object of the action... at issue,"
"there is ordinarily little question that the action... has
caused [that party] injury" -- i.e., that the injury is traceable
to that action -- "and that a judgment preventing... the ac-
tion will redress it." 504 U. S., at 561 -- 562. That is pre-
cisely the situation here. The state plaintiffs have shown
that they are the object of potential federal enforcement ac-
tions if they do not comply with costly and burdensome ob-
ligations that the ACA imposes.
Consider what the state plaintiffs have shown with re-
spect to the ACA reporting requirements codified at 26
U. S. C. and 6056. These sections provide the basis
for the familiar 1094 and 1095 IRS tax forms. Section 6055
applies to those who "provid[e] minimum essential coverage
to an individual during a calendar year." Subsection (a) of
that provision requires that returns be filed with the IRS,
and subsection (c) requires that similar forms be provided
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Uzuegbunam v. Preczewski, 592 U. S. ___, ___ (2021) ; Car-
ney v. Adams, 592 U. S. ___, ___ (2020) ; Department of
Commerce v. New York, 588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) ; Virginia
House of Delegates v. Bethune-Hill, 587 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) ; Gill v. Whitford, 585 U. S. ___, ___ (2018) ; Town of
Chester v. Laroe Estates, Inc., 581 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ;
Bank of America Corp. v. Miami, 581 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ;
and Czyzewski v. Jevic Holding Corp., 580 U. S. ___, ___ (2017).
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 11

ALITO, J., dissenting

to covered individuals. Section 6056 similarly requires cer-
tain large employers to report to both the IRS and employ-
ees about whether they offer health insurance coverage.
The States plainly have demonstrated standing to seek re-
lief from these burdensome reporting obligations.
Start with injury in fact. The States have offered undis-
puted evidence documenting the ongoing financial costs of
complying with these reporting requirements. Missouri, for
example, offered a declaration attesting to spending
$185,061 in fiscal year 2016 on Forms 1094 and 1095. App.
163. That declaration also attested to costs or projected
costs of more than $45,000 for each fiscal year from 2017
through 2021. Ibid. South Dakota provided evidence of
"ongoing" reporting costs totaling $100,000. Id., at 187.
Kansas offered evidence of more than $100,000 in reporting
costs. Id., at 142. These are just a few examples. See also,
e.g., id., at 103 (Texas); id., at 350 -- 351 (Georgia). There is
no question that these undisputed, ongoing financial costs
qualify as injuries in fact. See Jevic Holding Corp., 580
U. S., at ___.
Now turn to traceability. Are these financial injuries
"fairly traceable to the challenged conduct"? Hol-
lingsworth, 570 U. S., at 704. The answer is clearly yes.
The reporting requirements in and 6056 are en-
forceable by the Federal Government, and noncompliance
may result in heavy penalties. Section 6721(a)(1) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code, for example, provides "a penalty" for
the failure to complete an "information return," which in-
cludes reports required by and 6056(a). See 26
U. S. C. (1)(B)(xxiv), (xxv). And (1) pro-
vides "a penalty" for the failure to issue a "payee state-
ment," which includes the reports required by 
and 6056(c). See (2)(GG), (HH). These penalties
can amount to at least $280 per infraction, and they can
quickly run up into the millions of dollars. See,
12 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

6722.6
That leaves redressability, which asks whether the re-
quested relief is likely to redress the party's injury. Steel
Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, 
(1998). Looking to the relief the District Court in fact
granted makes it obvious that the States' injuries in the
form of ongoing reporting expenses are redressable. The
District Court entered a judgment that, among other
things, declared the reporting requirements in and
6056 unenforceable. See 340 F. Supp. 3d, at 619. With that
judgment in hand, the States would be freed from the obli-
gation to expend funds to comply with those require-
ments -- redressing their financial injury prospectively.
The state plaintiffs have similarly demonstrated stand-
ing to seek relief from ACA provisions requiring them to of-
fer expensive health insurance coverage for their employ-
ees. Consider the ACA's requirement that group health
plans and health insurance offerings extend coverage to
adult children until they reach the age of 26. See 42 U. S. C.
-- 14(a). Texas has spent more than $80 million com-
plying with that rule. App. 81. Missouri has spent more
than $10 million. Id., at 159; id., at 157 ("The Missouri Con-
solidated Health Care Plan is a non-federal governmental
health plan which provides insurance coverage for most
state employees"); id., at 159 (Missouri will "indefinitely
continue paying these additional costs").
These obligations, too, are backed by substantial enforce-
ment mechanisms. For instance, the state plaintiffs gener-
ally must offer employees coverage that complies with
-- 14 to avoid violating the employer mandate, see 26
U. S. C., and the failure to comply would expose the
States to penalties of thousands of dollars per employee
each year, see, (b), (c)(1). Similarly, the failure
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Willful failure to comply with the reporting requirements in 

and 6056 can also result in criminal penalties. See 26 U. S. C..
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 13

ALITO, J., dissenting

to cover adult children would expose many state health
plans to penalties under 42 U. S. C. -- 22(b)(2), and
those penalties can amount to $100 per day for each person
offered noncompliant coverage. Ibid. Thus, the States are
presented with the choice of spending millions to cover
adult children or risking untold sums for failing to do so.
In this way, the States' financial injuries from offering
health coverage to adult children are traceable to the loom-
ing threat of enforcement actions. And those financial in-
juries can be prospectively redressed by a declaratory judg-
ment making clear that the States are not, in fact, obligated
to offer health coverage to children up to age 26.
While I have outlined two examples of concrete, tracea-
ble, and redressable injuries demonstrated by the state
plaintiffs, these examples are not exhaustive. The ACA is
an enormously complex statute, and the States have offered
evidence of ongoing financial injuries relating to compliance
with many other different (and enforceable) ACA provi-
sions. See, e.g., App. 81 -- 86 (Texas's compliance costs); id.,
at 139 (Kansas); id., at 158 -- 162, 165 -- 170 (Missouri); id., at
182 -- 184 (South Carolina); id., at 186 -- 190 (South Dakota);
id., at 345 -- 350 (Georgia).
B
The Court largely ignores the theory of standing outlined
above. It devotes most of its attention to two other theories,
see ante, at 4 -- 14, and when it does address the relevant in-
juries, its arguments are deeply flawed.
The Court's primary argument rests on a patent distor-
tion of the traceability prong of our established test for
standing. Partially quoting a line in Allen, the Court de-
mands a showing that the "Government's conduct in ques-
tion is... 'fairly traceable' to enforcement of the 'allegedly
unlawful' provision of which the plaintiffs complain -- ." Ante, at 15. This is a flat-out misstatement of the law and what
14 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

the Court wrote in Allen. What Allen actually requires is a
"personal injury fairly traceable to the defendant's allegedly
unlawful conduct," id., at 751. And what
this statement means is that the plaintiff 's "injury" must
be traceable to the defendant's conduct, and that conduct
must be "allegedly unlawful."7 "Allegedly unlawful" means
that the plaintiff must allege that the conduct is unlawful.
(The States allege that the challenged enforcement actions
are unlawful using a traditional legal argument, see infra,
at 15 -- 20.) But a plaintiff 's standing (and thus the court's
Article III jurisdiction) does not require a demonstration
that the defendant's conduct is in fact unlawful. That is a
merits issue.
If Article III standing required a showing that the plain-
tiff 's alleged injury is traceable to (i.e., in some way caused
by) an unconstitutional provision, then whenever a claim of
unconstitutionality was ultimately held to lack legal
merit -- even after a full trial -- the consequence would be
that the court lacked jurisdiction to entertain the suit in the
first place. That would be absurd, and this Court has long
resisted efforts to transform ordinary merits questions into
threshold jurisdictional questions by jamming them into
the standing inquiry. See, e.g., Arizona State Legislature v.
Arizona Independent Redistricting Comm'n, (2015); Whitmore v. Arkansas, 
(1990); ASARCO Inc. v. Kadish, (1989).
"[S]tanding does not depend on the merits of a claim." Da-
vis v. United States, (2011) (inter-
nal quotation marks and alterations omitted). And " 'juris-
diction is not defeated by the possibility that the averments
[in a complaint] might fail to state a cause of action on
which petitioners could actually recover.' " Steel Co., 523
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Allen repeated that point seven more times, see 768 U. S., at 752, 753, 757 -- 759, and that is precisely what countless other cases require,
see supra, at 9 -- 10, and. But the majority's rejection of the relevant
theory of standing depends on this erroneous description of the law.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 15

ALITO, J., dissenting

U. S., at 89 ;
alterations omitted). Rather, if the challenged action is "al-
legedly unlawful," that suffices for standing purposes. Al-
len, 468 U. S., at 751; see also Whitmore, 495 U. S., at 155
("Our threshold inquiry into standing in no way depends on
the merits of the petitioner's contention that particular con-
duct is illegal" (internal quotation marks and alterations
omitted)).
C
The Court's distortion of the traceability requirement is
bad enough in itself, but there is more. After imposing an
obstacle that the States should not have to surmount to es-
tablish standing, the Court turns around and refuses to con-
sider whether the States have cleared that obstacle. It's as
if the Court told the States: "In order to bring your case in
federal court, you have to pay a filing fee of $100,000, but
we will not give you a chance to pay that money."
The Court says that the States cannot establish standing
unless they show that their injuries are traceable to the in-
dividual mandate, and the States claim that their injuries
are indeed traceable to the mandate. Their argument pro-
ceeds in two steps. First, they contend that the individual
mandate is unconstitutional because it does not fall within
any power granted to Congress by the Constitution. Sec-
ond, they argue that costly obligations imposed on them by
other provisions of the ACA cannot be severed from the
mandate. If both steps of the States' argument that the
challenged enforcement actions are unlawful are correct, it
follows that the Government cannot lawfully enforce those
obligations against the States.
There can be no question that this argument is conceptu-
ally sound. Imagine Statute ABC. Provision A imposes en-
forceable legal obligations on the plaintiff. Provision B im-
poses a legal obligation on a different party. And provision
16 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

C provides that a party is not obligated to comply with pro-
vision A if provision B is held to be unconstitutional. Based
on the plain text of this law, a party subject to provision A
should be able to obtain relief from the enforcement of pro-
vision A if it can show that provision B is unconstitutional.
To hold otherwise would be directly contrary to the statu-
tory text. But the Court's reasoning would make such a
claim impossible. The plaintiff would be thrown out of court
at the outset of the case for lack of standing.
That cannot be right. And if the Court really means to
foreclose all such claims from now on, that is a big change
because we have repeatedly heard such arguments and
evaluated them on the merits. See Lea, Situational Sever-
ability, 103 Va. L. Rev. 735, 769 (2017) (explaining that
similar "claims are a longstanding feature of American ju-
risprudence").
In Seila Law LLC v. Consumer Financial Protection Bu-
reau, 591 U. S. ___ (2020), a law firm resisted the CFPB's
efforts to enforce a civil investigative demand. The firm ar-
gued that (A) it was harmed by actions taken under statu-
tory provisions authorizing the Bureau to issue civil inves-
tigative demands; (B) the Bureau's Director, under whose
authority the demands had been issued, was protected by
an unlawful removal restriction; and (C) the removal re-
striction was inseverable from the investigative provisions.
The Court did not decide the severability issue at the stand-
ing stage. Instead, it properly treated severability as a mer-
its issue, held that the removal restriction was unlawful,
and considered whether relief could be granted because the
investigative provisions were inseverable from the removal
restriction. Id., at ___ -- ___ (opinion of the Court) ( -- 30); id., at ___ -- ___ (plurality opinion) ( -- 
36).
Indeed, the Seila Law Court had little trouble dismissing
the same misguided approach to traceability that the ma-
jority adopts today. The court-appointed amicus suggested
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 17

ALITO, J., dissenting

that there was lack of traceability because there was no
proof that the injury was caused by the removal restriction.
"Our precedents say otherwise," we explained, as a "plain-
tiff 's injury must be fairly traceable to the challenged ac-
tion of the defendant," and it is "sufficient that the chal-
lenger sustains injury from an executive act that allegedly
exceeds the official's authority." Id., at ___ -- ___ (opinion of
the Court) ( -- 10) (internal quotation marks and
alterations omitted). Not a single Justice disputed that con-
clusion.
In Free Enterprise Fund v. Public Company Accounting
Oversight Bd., (2010), an accounting firm
challenged the power of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board to regulate the accounting industry and
investigate its activities. The firm argued that (A) it was
harmed by the actions taken under statutory provisions
that gave the Board regulatory and investigatory authority;
(B) other provisions unlawfully insulated Board members
with dual-layer for-cause removal restrictions; and (C) the
removal provisions were inseverable from provisions au-
thorizing the pertinent regulatory activities. The Court en-
tertained this argument on the merits, concluding that the
removal restriction was unlawful, id., at 492 -- 508, but re-
jecting the argument that the removal provision was inse-
verable from the provisions authorizing the actions that di-
rectly harmed the firm, id., at 508 -- 510. While the Court's
severability determination meant that the accounting firm
was "not entitled to broad injunctive relief against the
Board's continued operations," id., at 513, no one ques-
tioned the firm's standing to seek that relief in the first
place.
In Minnesota v. Mille Lacs Band of Chippewa Indians,
(1999), several Bands of Chippewa Indians
sought a declaratory judgment that an 1837 Treaty gave
their members a right to hunt on historic Chippewa lands.
An 1850 Executive Order had purported to revoke those
18 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

hunting rights, but the Bands argued that (A) one portion
of the Executive Order purported to extinguish their hunt-
ing rights; (B) a different portion of the Executive Order -- 
the "removal order," which had nothing to do with hunting
rights -- was unlawful; and (C) the hunting rights revoca-
tion was inseverable from the removal order and thus inef-
fective. The Court entertained this argument on the merits
and granted relief. It first assumed "that the severability
standard for statutes also applies to Executive Orders." Id.,
at 191. Then it determined that there was "no statutory or
constitutional authority" for the removal order and that the
"Executive Order was insufficient to [revoke hunting
rights] because it was not severable from the invalid re-
moval order." Id., at 193, 195. In other words, the Bands
obtained relief with the same type of argument the state
plaintiffs press here.
In New York v. United States, (1992),
the State of New York challenged three provisions of the
Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Amendments Act of
1985, 99 Stat. 1842, 42 U. S. C. et seq. Significant
for present purposes, the Court accepted New York's chal-
lenge to one of those provisions, 505 U. S., at 174 -- 177, and
rejected its challenges to two others, id., at 171 -- 174, 183 -- 
186. But the Court did not stop there. Instead, it went on
to consider whether New York nonetheless could obtain re-
lief from the other two provisions on the ground that those
provisions were inseverable from the unlawful provision
and thus unenforceable. Id., at 186 -- 187; see Printz v.
United States, (1997) (explaining that
New York "address[ed] severability where remaining provi-
sions at issue affected the plaintiffs"). In other words, the
Court considered whether New York could obtain relief
from the enforcement of independently constitutional pro-
visions where a statute contained (A) two independently
constitutional provisions; (B) an unconstitutional provision;
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 19

ALITO, J., dissenting

and (C) the constitutional provisions were arguably inse-
verable from the unconstitutional provision.
In Alaska Airlines, Inc. v. Brock, (1987), a
group of airlines challenged provisions of the Airline Dereg-
ulation Act of 1978, 92 Stat. 1705, that benefited airline em-
ployees. The airlines argued that (A) enforcement of and
regulations under those provisions injured them; (B) the
Airline Deregulation Act also contained an unlawful legis-
lative veto; and (C) the employee-benefit provisions were
"ineffective" because they were inseverable from the legis-
lative veto provision, 480 U. S., at 680. This Court consid-
ered and unanimously rejected the airlines' argument on
the merits of the severability question, id., at 687 -- 697, but
no one questioned the airlines' standing to seek relief.
The Court's treatment of these arguments in the cases
just discussed is not a modern innovation. In El Paso &
Northeastern R. Co. v. Gutierrez, (1909), for ex-
ample, a railway company challenged a portion of the Em-
ployers' Liability Act of 1906, 34 Stat. 232, that preempted
territorial law more favorable to the railway. The company
argued that (A) a portion of the Act governing U. S. Terri-
tories exposed it to liability in the suit; (B) other portions
affecting intrastate commerce exceeded Congress's Com-
merce Clause power; and (C) the first portion could not be
applied because it was inseverable from the unconstitu-
tional portions. The Court agreed that the interstate com-
merce aspects of the Act were unlawful, but held that they
were severable from the territorial provision. 215 U. S., at
93 -- 98.
In Marshall Field & Co. v. Clark, (1892),
three importers challenged the collection of tariffs under
the McKinley Tariff Act. See Act of Oct. 1, 1890, 26 Stat.
567. They argued that (A) several provisions of the Act im-
posed tariffs on goods they imported; (B) of the Act un-
lawfully delegated legislative powers to the President by
permitting him to suspend the free importation of other
20 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

types of goods; and (C) was inseverable from the provi-
sions imposing tariffs on the goods they imported. The
Court heard the argument on the merits and, after exten-
sive analysis, rejected the non-delegation challenge to.
Id., at 680 -- 694. Because was lawful, the Court did not
"enter upon the consideration" of whether "other parts of
the act, those which directly imposed duties upon articles
imported, would be inoperative" if were unlawful. Id., at
694.
Similarly, in the Trade-Mark Cases, (1879),
this Court reviewed a series of criminal prosecutions for al-
leged violations of an 1876 criminal law prohibiting the
"fraudulent use, sale, and counterfeiting of trade-marks,"
id., at 92. The Court held that (A) the prosecutions under
the 1876 Act could not proceed because (B) an 1870 Act cre-
ating the underlying trademark rights exceeded Congress's
powers under the Commerce Clause, id., at 95 -- 98, and (C)
the 1876 Act underlying the prosecutions was inseverable
from the 1870 Act and thus "falls with it," id., at 99.
There is nothing novel about the state plaintiffs' claims.
What is new and revolutionary is the rule the Court has
concocted to sink those claims.
D
The Court has no real response to the arguments set out
above, so it falls back on the claim that the States forfeited
those arguments because they (1) did not "directly" argue
them in the courts below, (2) did not present them at the
certiorari stage, and (3) did not raise them in this Court.
See ante, at 10. JUSTICE THOMAS makes a forfeiture argu-
ment expressly. See ante, at 4 -- 6, and nn. 1 -- 2 (concurring
opinion).8 There is nothing to any of these arguments.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 In addition to claiming that the States forfeited the standing theory

set out in this dissent, JUSTICE THOMAS's concurrence lists several addi-
tional reasons why we should not address that theory. None is persua-
sive.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 21

ALITO, J., dissenting

Consider the States' standing to seek relief from the IRS
reporting obligations. The States identified these costs in
their complaint, see App. 58 -- 60, Amended Complaint
¶41(i); offered extensive evidence of these costs on summary
judgment, see supra, at 10 -- 11; and argued that these pro-
visions cannot be severed from the individual mandate, see,
e.g., App. 63, Amended Complaint ¶57 ("The remainder of
the ACA is non-severable from the individual mandate,
meaning that the Act must be invalidated as a whole").
They expressly advanced that argument in the Court of Ap-
peals, see Brief for State Appellees in Texas v. United
States, No. 19 -- 10011 (CA5), pp. 23 -- 24, 36 -- 50, and the
Court of Appeals accepted it for standing purposes, see 945
F. 3d, at 384 -- 387. In this Court, the States argued that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
The concurrence invokes the rule that merits decisions that do not dis-
cuss jurisdiction are not of precedential value on jurisdictional issues.
Ante, at 5. This argument is apparently a response to the many cases
(141 years' worth) in which this Court reached the merits of claims struc-
tured like those of the state plaintiffs in the suit at hand. See supra, at
16 -- 20. The suggestion, I take it, is that the plaintiffs in those cases may
have lacked standing and that therefore this Court erred in reaching the
merits. To put the point lightly, that seems unlikely, and even if our
prior decisions have not expressly embraced a standing theory like the
States', there is no reason why a conceptually sound theory should be
rejected just because we never previously saw fit to register express ap-
proval.
JUSTICE THOMAS states that "this Court has been inconsistent in de-
scribing whether inseverability is a remedy or merits question." Ante, at
5. But all that matters for present purposes is that inseverability is not
a standing question. And in all events, the concurrence elsewhere recog-
nizes that severability is a merits question. See ante, at 6 ("[S]tanding-
through-inseverability could only be a valid theory of standing to the ex-
tent it treats inseverability as a merits exercise of statutory interpreta-
tion"); ante, at 5, (treating severability as a merits question under
the framework set forth in Steel Co., 523 U. S., at 89).
Finally, JUSTICE THOMAS suggests that a lack of argument on severa-
bility "poses a significant obstacle to review," ante, at 5, but that
flatly ignores that each party -- not to mention many amici -- extensively
briefed the severability question in this Court.
22 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

they have standing based on these reporting obligations in
their brief opposing the petition filed by California and the
other parties that intervened to defend the ACA, see Brief
in Opposition 17, and in their merits brief, see Brief for Re-
spondent/Cross-Petitioner States 20 -- 22. They specifically
identified the consequences of noncompliance to which
these injuries are traceable, id., at 22 ("Employers can be
sanctioned by the IRS for failing to submit adequate infor-
mation.... In other words, state respondents are compelled
under threat of government sanction to produce [the]
forms"). And they argued that these obligations are not en-
forceable because they are inseverable from the individual
mandate, id., at 36 -- 46; see also id., at 26 -- 27 (discussing
Alaska Airlines, ).
For these reasons, it is clear that the States did not forfeit
the arguments discussed in this dissent.9
* * *
I would hold that the States have demonstrated standing
to seek relief from the ACA provisions that burden them
and that they claim are inseparable from the individual
mandate.
III
Because the state plaintiffs have standing, I proceed to
consider the merits of this lawsuit. That requires assessing
whether the individual mandate is unlawful and whether it
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 If the effect of the Court's decision is dismissal of this action for lack

of Article III jurisdiction, the States may file a new action. See 18A
C. Wright & A. Miller, Federal Practice and Procedure (3d ed.
2020) ("The basic rule that dismissal for lack of subject-matter jurisdic-
tion does not preclude a second action... is well settled"); Hughes v.
United States, 4 Wall. 232, 237 (1866) ("If the first suit was dismissed for... want of jurisdiction... the judgment rendered will prove no bar to
another suit"); Lopez v. Pompeo, 923 F. 3d 444, 447 (CA5 2019). And in
any event, many other parties will have standing to bring such a claim
based on a variety of the ACA's substantive provisions that are arguably
inseverable from the mandate. Our Affordable Care Act epic may go on.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 23

ALITO, J., dissenting

is inseverable from the provisions that burden the States.
I begin with the question whether the individual man-
date falls within a power granted to Congress under Article
I of the Constitution. The Constitution's text and our prec-
edent compel the conclusion that it does not.
The Federal Government "is acknowledged by all to be
one of enumerated powers." McCulloch v. Maryland, 4
Wheat. 316, 405 (1819) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). Ar-
ticle I of the Constitution does not give Congress "plenary
legislative power." Murphy v. National Collegiate Athletic
Assn., 584 U. S. ___, ___ (2018). Instead, it
enumerates certain legislative powers that, while "sizea-
ble," are not "unlimited." Ibid.
When the constitutionality of the individual mandate
was first challenged in NFIB, the Government's primary
defense was that it represented a valid exercise of Con-
gress's power to regulate interstate commerce, but a major-
ity of the Court squarely rejected that argument. See 567
U. S., at 572 (opinion of the Court) ("The Court today holds
that our Constitution protects us from federal regulation
under the Commerce Clause so long as we abstain from the
regulated activity"); see also id., at 561 (opinion of
ROBERTS, C. J.) ("The commerce power thus does not au-
thorize the mandate"); id., at 648 (joint dissent) ("The Act
before us here exceeds federal power... in mandating the
purchase of health insurance"). Likewise, a majority of the
Court rejected the Government's resort to the Necessary
and Proper Clause. See id., at 560 (opinion of ROBERTS,
C. J.); id., at 655 (joint dissent). I agreed with those hold-
ings at the time, and that is still my view. The mandate
cannot be sustained under the Commerce Clause or the
Necessary and Proper Clause, and in this suit, no party
urges us to uphold it on those grounds.
While the NFIB Court rejected the Government's Com-
merce Clause argument, a majority held that the mandate
represented a lawful exercise of Congress's taxing power,
24 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

see id., at 575 (opinion of ROBERTS, C. J.); see also id., at
574 (opinion of the Court), and the House and state inter-
venors now argue that the mandate can still be sustained
on this ground despite the fact that the "tax" it supposedly
imposes is now set at zero. In NFIB, I did not see how the
mandate's penalty could be understood as a tax, see id., at
661 -- 669 (joint dissent), but assuming for the sake of argu-
ment that the majority's understanding was correct at the
time, it is now indefensible.
The Constitution grants Congress the power to "lay and
collect Taxes" "to pay the Debts and provide for the common
Defence and general Welfare of the United States." Art. I, cl. 1. In NFIB, the Court made clear that "the essential
feature of any tax" is that it "produces at least some revenue
for the Government." 567 U. S., at 564 (opinion of the
Court). That limitation follows from the text of the provi-
sion. A tax cannot assist in paying debts or providing for
the general welfare or defense if it raises no money. More-
over, the concept of laying and collecting taxes plainly en-
tails the collection of revenue. At the founding, to "lay" in
the relevant sense meant to "assess; to charge; to impose."
2 N. Webster, An American Dictionary of the English Lan-
guage (1828) (Webster); see also S. Johnson, A Dictionary
of the English Language (10th ed. 1792) (Johnson) ("To
charge as a payment"). To "collect" meant to "gather money
or revenue from debtors; to demand and receive." 1 Web-
ster; see also Johnson ("To gather together"). And a "tax"
was a "rate or sum of money" assessed on certain persons
or property. 2 Webster. Read together, this language
means that Congress is empowered to pass laws that raise
revenue.
In recognizing that raising revenue is an "essential fea-
ture" of any exercise of the taxing power, NFIB built on a
substantial line of precedent. See Department of Revenue
of Mont. v. Kurth Ranch, (1994); United
States v. Kahriger, and (1953); United
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 25

ALITO, J., dissenting

States v. Sanchez, (1950); Sonzinsky v.
United States, -- 514 (1937); A. Magnano
Co. v. Hamilton, (1934). Indeed, the state
intervenors and the House have not identified any statute
ever passed under the taxing power that did not raise reve-
nue. Virginia Office for Protection and Advocacy v. Stewart,
(2011) ("Lack of historical precedent can
indicate a constitutional infirmity... "); see Seila Law, 591
U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 21); Free Enterprise Fund,
561 U. S., at 505. Given this text, history, and precedent,
it is no longer defensible to argue that the individual man-
date can be construed as a lawful exercise of Congress's tax-
ing power, for as it now stands, the mandate will never
"produc[e] at least some revenue for the Government."
NFIB, 567 U. S., at 564 (opinion of the Court). The penalty
for noncompliance is set at 0% and $0. It cannot raise a
cent.
The state intervenors and the House offer several other
arguments to sustain the mandate, but each fails. First,
they suggest that we should interpret the individual man-
date as an exercise of the taxing power based solely on the
precedential effect of the Court's decision in NFIB. But THE
CHIEF JUSTICE's opinion for the Court in NFIB construed
the mandate as a tax only because the individual mandate
"produce[d] at least some revenue for the Government."
Ibid. With that "essential feature" removed, this construc-
tion is foreclosed.
Second, the state intervenors and the House argue that
the Taxing Clause permits Congress to pass a tax and sub-
sequently reduce it to zero. But Congress cannot supple-
ment its powers through the two-step process of passing a
tax and then removing the tax but leaving in place a provi-
sion that is otherwise beyond its enumerated powers.
Third, they analogize the mandate to a delayed or sus-
pended tax -- one that raises no revenue now but could do so
in the future. But, as it currently stands, does not
26 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

delay or suspend the collection of revenue. Unless Congress
amends that provision and provides for it to begin raising
revenue at some future date, the "tax" is permanently set
at zero.
The state intervenors offer one final defense of the indi-
vidual mandate: Even if it cannot be sustained under the
Commerce Clause, Taxing Clause, or Necessary and Proper
Clause, they argue that we should interpret the mandate as
a mere precatory statement. In their view, Congress is free
to urge Americans to take actions that it could not constitu-
tionally require, and that is all it has done here.
This argument fails because the individual mandate is
not a precatory statement. The text of the provision is clear.
It states that every covered individual "shall... ensure
that the individual, and any dependent of the individual..., is covered under minimum essential coverage...." 26
U. S. C.. "Shall" typically means must, not
should. See Kingdomware Technologies, Inc. v. United
States, -- 172 (2016). And the text con-
firms that "shall" means "must" by terming the individual
mandate a "[r]equirement to maintain minimum essential
coverage." ; see also NFIB, 567 U. S., at 663 (joint
dissent) (providing other statutory references to the indi-
vidual mandate as a requirement).
Mere precatory provisions, by contrast, typically use the
word "should" to signify that they are not mandatory, e.g.,
4 U. S. C. ("The flag should never be carried flat or
horizontally, but always aloft and free"), or make clear that
they convey only the "sense of Congress," e.g., 15 U. S. C.
("It is the sense of Congress that States should enact
the Uniform Athlete Agents Act of 2000"). Congress
adopted those very formulations elsewhere in the ACA, see,
e.g., 42 U. S. C. ("It is the sense of Congress that
funds repaid under the loan program... should not be
transferred to the Treasury"), but chose markedly different
language when crafting the individual mandate. Because
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 27

ALITO, J., dissenting

the individual mandate is, in fact, a mandate, it cannot be
considered a mere suggestion to purchase insurance.
For these reasons, I conclude that the individual mandate
exceeds the scope of Congress's enumerated legislative pow-
ers.
IV
This brings me to the next question: whether the state
plaintiffs have shown that the provisions of the ACA impos-
ing burdens on them are inseparable from the unconstitu-
tional individual mandate. I conclude that those provisions
are inextricably linked to the individual mandate and that
the States have therefore demonstrated on the merits that
those other provisions cannot be enforced against them. Ac-
cordingly, the States are entitled to a judgment providing
that they are not obligated to comply with the ACA provi-
sions that burden them.
All the opinions in NFIB acknowledged the central role of
the individual mandate's tax or penalty. In brief, the ACA
aimed to achieve "near-universal" health-care coverage. 42
U. S. C. (D). A major obstacle was the inability of
many individuals to obtain adequate insurance due to the
expensive medical care they were likely to require. To ad-
dress that problem, the ACA included "guaranteed issue"
and "community rating" provisions. These key provisions
prohibit insurance companies from denying coverage or
charging higher premiums to the individuals described
above. And to compensate for the financial impact of these
provisions on insurers, the individual mandate required the
purchase of insurance by persons whose predicted medical
expenses were substantially lower than the premiums they
would pay. See NFIB, 567 U. S., at 547 -- 548 (opinion of
ROBERTS, C. J.); id., at 595 -- 599 (opinion of Ginsburg, J.);
id., at 648 -- 651, 691 -- 696 (joint dissent); see also King, 576
U. S., at 482 ("Congress found that the guaranteed issue
28 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

and community rating requirements would not work with-
out the" individual mandate).
Thus, the guaranteed-issue and community-rating provi-
sions were crucial to the success of the ACA scheme, and a
tax or penalty for noncompliance with the individual man-
date was essential to the ACA's distribution of risks and
burdens. The ACA contains an express finding on exactly
that point:
"The requirement [i.e., the individual mandate] is es-
sential to creating effective health insurance markets
in which improved health insurance products that are
guaranteed issue and do not exclude coverage of pre-
existing conditions can be sold." 42 U. S. C.
(I).
See also NFIB, 567 U. S., at 694 -- 696 (joint dissent) (de-
scribing other statutory provisions declaring that the indi-
vidual mandate works "together" with the rest of the ACA).
In NFIB, the Government agreed that the individual
mandate was inextricably related to those crucial provi-
sions. See id., at 650. And so did Justice Ginsburg's
opinion. See 567 U. S., at 597 ("[T]hese two provisions [i.e.,
the guaranteed-issue and community-rating provisions],
Congress comprehended, could not work effectively unless
individuals were given a powerful incentive to obtain insur-
ance"); see also ibid..
Recognizing this relationship, the joint dissent, after
finding that the individual mandate and Medicaid expan-
sion provision were unconstitutional, concluded that other
provisions of the ACA could not be enforced. We analyzed
this question under what we described as the Court's " 'well
established' " two-part test. Id., at 692 (joint dissent) (quot-
ing Alaska Airlines, 480 U. S., at 684).
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 29

ALITO, J., dissenting

Under this test, the first question was whether the re-
mainder of the ACA would "operate in the manner Congress
intended" without the unconstitutional provisions. NFIB,
567 U. S., at 692. And to satisfy this requirement, we ex-
plained, it was not enough that the remaining provisions
could operate by themselves "in some coherent way." Ibid.
The question, instead, was whether those provisions would
operate as Congress wrote them. Ibid. If this requirement
was met, the second part of the test asked whether "Con-
gress would have enacted [the other provisions] standing
alone and without the unconstitutional portion." Id., at
693; see id., at 692 -- 694.
Applying this test, we concluded that, without the uncon-
stitutional provisions, neither the other ACA provisions we
labeled "major" nor many of those we described as "minor"
could operate as Congress intended. Id., at 697 -- 705. And
we opined that Congress would not have enacted the re-
maining minor provisions by themselves. Id., at 704 -- 705.
We noted that they had been adopted as part of a complex
package deal and that "[t]here [was] no reason to believe
that Congress would have enacted them independently."
Id., at 705.
Nothing that has happened since that decision calls for a
different conclusion now. It is certainly true that the repeal
of the tax or penalty has not caused the collapse of the en-
tire ACA apparatus, but the critical question under the
framework applied in the NFIB dissent is not whether the
ACA could operate in some way without the individual
mandate but whether it could operate in anything like the
manner Congress designed. The answer to that question is
clear. When the tax or penalty was collected, costs were
shifted from individuals previously denied coverage due to
their medical conditions and placed on others who pur-
chased insurance only because the failure to do so was
taxed or penalized. The repeal of the tax or penalty has not
made the costs of the guaranteed-issue and community-
30 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

rating requirements disappear. Those costs have obviously
been shifted to others -- in all likelihood to individuals who
now pay higher premiums or face higher deductibles or to
the taxpayers. This shift fundamentally changed the oper-
ation of the scheme Congress adopted.
The repeal of the tax or penalty also provides no reason
to doubt our previous conclusion about Congress's intent.
While the 2017 Act repealed the tax or penalty, it did not
alter the statutory finding noted above, and the 2017 Act
cannot plausibly be viewed as the manifestation of a con-
gressional intent to preserve the ACA in altered form. The
2017 Act would not have passed the House without the
votes of the Members who had voted to scrap the ACA just
a few months earlier,10 and the repeal of the tax or penalty,
which they obviously found particularly offensive, was their
fallback option. They eliminated the tax or penalty and left
the chips to fall as they might. Thus, under the reasoning
of the NFIB dissent, the provisions burdening the States
are inseverable from the individual mandate.
The same result follows under the new approach to ques-
tions of partial unconstitutionality that some Members of
the Court have adopted in the years since NFIB. They have
suggested the severability analysis should track ordinary
rules of statutory interpretation. Seila Law, 591 U. S., at
___, ___ -- ___ (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and dissenting
in part) (, 20 -- 21). In their view, Congress de-
cides whether the provisions it enacts are linked to one an-
other or not, and the answer lies in the ordinary tools of
statutory construction. And everything the NFIB dissent-
ers said points to the same conclusion as a matter of the
ACA's text, history, and structure. The relevant provisions
were passed as a comprehensive exercise of Congress's

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 Compare 163 Cong. Rec. H4171 (May 4, 2017) (passage of the Amer-

ican Health Care Act, H. R. 1628), with id., at H10312 (Dec. 20, 2017)
(passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, H. R. 1).
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 31

ALITO, J., dissenting

Commerce Clause and (arguably) Taxing Clause powers.
Those powers cannot justify the individual mandate. The
statutory text says the individual mandate is "essential" to
the overall scheme, 42 U. S. C. (I), and it repeat-
edly states that the various provisions work "together,"
NFIB, 567 U. S., at 694 -- 696 (joint dissent). It does not mat-
ter that this language appears in a section entitled "find-
ings" as opposed to a section entitled "severability." Con-
gress can link distinct provisions in any number of ways, on
this view, so long as it does so in the text. The broader stat-
utory history and structure, moreover, reinforce that con-
clusion. The NFIB dissent explained how the ACA's provi-
sions work in tandem to alter the insurance market. 567
U. S., at 691 -- 706. Here, the individual mandate requires
individuals to obtain "minimum essential coverage." 26
U. S. C.. The reporting requirements, in turn,
implement the mandate -- indeed, they explicitly cross-
reference -- by requiring employers to provide infor-
mation about such coverage., 6056(b)(2)(B). And
the adult-children coverage requirement works as part of a
cohesive set of insurance reforms central to the ACA's over-
all structure, which turns on healthy persons' entry into the
market via the individual mandate. See 42 U. S. C.
-- 14(a). The individual mandate is thus inseverable
from the provisions burdening the States under either ap-
proach to severability.
Having determined that the individual mandate is (1) un-
lawful and (2) inseverable from the provisions burdening
the state plaintiffs, the final question is what to do about it.
The answer largely flows from everything I have already
said above. Relief in a case runs against parties, not
against statutes. Supra, at 9 -- 10. And provisions that are
inseverable from unconstitutional features of a statute can-
not be enforced. Supra, at 15 -- 20. No matter how one ap-
proaches the question, then, the answer is clear: Because
the mandate is unlawful and because the injury-causing
32 CALIFORNIA v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., dissenting

provisions are inextricably linked to the mandate, the fed-
eral defendants cannot enforce those provisions against the
state plaintiffs. And the state plaintiffs are entitled to a
judgment providing as much. That answer comports with
the reasoning of the NFIB joint dissent, which made clear
that the state plaintiffs should not be required to comply
with the provisions of the ACA that burden them. See 567
U. S., at 697 -- 707. And it comports with the remedial ap-
proach others have advocated in recent years. See Murphy,
584 U. S., at ___ (THOMAS, J., concurring) ;
Seila Law, 591 U. S., at ___ (opinion of THOMAS, J.) ; Barr v. American Assn. of Political Consultants, Inc.,
591 U. S. ___, ___ (2020) (GORSUCH, J., concurring in judg-
ment in part and dissenting in part). Thus,
under either the framework used in the NFIB joint dissent
or the alternative framework advocated in subsequent
cases, the state plaintiffs are entitled to relief freeing them
from compliance with the ACA provisions that burden
them.
* * *
No one can fail to be impressed by the lengths to which
this Court has been willing to go to defend the ACA against
all threats. A penalty is a tax. The United States is a State.
And 18 States who bear costly burdens under the ACA can-
not even get a foot in the door to raise a constitutional chal-
lenge. So a tax that does not tax is allowed to stand and
support one of the biggest Government programs in our Na-
tion's history. Fans of judicial inventiveness will applaud
once again.
But I must respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE BREYER delivered the opinion of the Court.
The question presented is whether an Indian tribe's po-
lice officer has authority to detain temporarily and to
search a non-Indian on a public right-of-way that runs
through an Indian reservation. The search and detention,
we assume, took place based on a potential violation of state
or federal law prior to the suspect's transport to the proper
nontribal authorities for prosecution.
We have previously noted that a tribe retains inherent
sovereign authority to address "conduct [that] threatens or
has some direct effect on... the health or welfare of the
tribe." Montana v. United States, (1981);
see also Strate v. A -- 1 Contractors, (1997). We believe this statement of law governs here. And
we hold the tribal officer possesses the authority at issue.
I
Late at night in February 2016, Officer James Saylor of
the Crow Police Department was driving east on United
States Highway 212, a public right-of-way within the Crow
Reservation, located within the State of Montana. Saylor
saw a truck parked on the westbound side of the highway.
2 UNITED STATES v. COOLEY

Opinion of the Court

Believing the occupants might need assistance, Saylor ap-
proached the truck and spoke to the driver, Joshua James
Cooley. Saylor noticed that Cooley had "watery, bloodshot
eyes" and "appeared to be non-native." App. to Pet. for Cert.
95a. Saylor also noticed two semiautomatic rifles lying on
the front seat. Eventually fearing violence, Saylor ordered
Cooley out of the truck and conducted a patdown search.
He called tribal and county officers for assistance. While
waiting for the officers to arrive, Saylor returned to the
truck. He saw a glass pipe and plastic bag that contained
methamphetamine. The other officers, including an officer
with the federal Bureau of Indian Affairs, then arrived.
They directed Saylor to seize all contraband in plain view,
leading him to discover more methamphetamine. Saylor
took Cooley to the Crow Police Department where federal
and local officers further questioned Cooley.
In April 2016, a federal grand jury indicted Cooley on
drug and gun offenses. See 21 U. S. C. (1); 18
U. S. C. (1)(A). The District Court granted Cooley's
motion to suppress the drug evidence that Saylor had
seized. It reasoned that Saylor, as a Crow Tribe police of-
ficer, lacked the authority to investigate nonapparent vio-
lations of state or federal law by a non-Indian on a public
right-of-way crossing the reservation.
The Government appealed. See 18 U. S. C.. The
Ninth Circuit affirmed the District Court's evidence-
suppression determination. The Ninth Circuit panel wrote
that tribes "cannot exclude non-Indians from a state or fed-
eral highway" and "lack the ancillary power to investigate
non-Indians who are using such public rights-of-way." 919
F. 3d 1135, 1141 (2019). It added that a tribal police officer
nonetheless could stop (and hold for a reasonable time) a
non-Indian suspect, but only if (1) the officer first tried to
determine whether "the person is an Indian," and, if the
person turns out to be a non-Indian, (2) it is "apparent" that
the person has violated state or federal law. Id., at 1142.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 3

Opinion of the Court

Non-Indian status, the panel added, can usually be deter-
mined by "ask[ing] one question." Ibid.. Because Saylor had not initially tried to
determine whether Cooley was an Indian, the panel held
that the lower court correctly suppressed the evidence.
The Ninth Circuit denied the Government's request for
rehearing en banc. We then granted the Government's pe-
tition for certiorari in order to decide whether a tribal police
officer has authority to detain temporarily and to search
non-Indians traveling on public rights-of-way running
through a reservation for potential violations of state or fed-
eral law.
II
Long ago we described Indian tribes as "distinct, inde-
pendent political communities" exercising sovereign au-
thority. Worcester v. Georgia, 6 Pet. 515, 559 (1832). Due
to their incorporation into the United States, however, the
"sovereignty that the Indian tribes retain is of a unique and
limited character." United States v. Wheeler, (1978). Indian tribes may, for example, determine
tribal membership, regulate domestic affairs among tribal
members, and exclude others from entering tribal land.
See, e.g., Plains Commerce Bank v. Long Family Land &
Cattle Co., -- 328 (2008). On the other
hand, owing to their "dependent status," tribes lack any
"freedom independently to determine their external rela-
tions" and cannot, for instance, "enter into direct commer-
cial or governmental relations with foreign nations."
Wheeler, 435 U. S., at 326. Tribes also lack inherent sover-
eign power to exercise criminal jurisdiction over non-
Indians. See Oliphant v. Suquamish Tribe, (1978). In all cases, tribal authority remains subject to
the plenary authority of Congress. See, e.g., Michigan v.
Bay Mills Indian Community, (2014).
Here, no treaty or statute has explicitly divested Indian
4 UNITED STATES v. COOLEY

Opinion of the Court

tribes of the policing authority at issue. We turn to prece-
dent to determine whether a tribe has retained inherent
sovereign authority to exercise that power. In answering
this question, our decision in Montana v. United States, (1981), is highly relevant. In that case we asked
whether a tribe could regulate hunting and fishing by non-
Indians on land that non-Indians owned in fee simple on a
reservation. We held that it could not. We supported our
conclusion by referring to our holding in Oliphant that a
tribe could not "exercise criminal jurisdiction over non-
Indians." Montana, 450 U. S., at 565. We then wrote that
the "principles on which [Oliphant] relied support the gen-
eral proposition that the inherent sovereign powers of an
Indian tribe do not extend to the activities of nonmembers
of the tribe." Ibid.
At the same time, we made clear that Montana's "general
proposition" was not an absolute rule. Ibid. We set forth
two important exceptions. First, we said that a "tribe may
regulate, through taxation, licensing, or other means, the
activities of nonmembers who enter consensual relation-
ships with the tribe or its members, through commercial
dealing, contracts, leases, or other arrangements." Ibid.
Second, we said that a "tribe may also retain inherent
power to exercise civil authority over the conduct of non-
Indians on fee lands within its reservation when that con-
duct threatens or has some direct effect on the political in-
tegrity, the economic security, or the health or welfare of the
tribe." Id., at 566.
The second exception we have just quoted fits the present
case, almost like a glove. The phrase speaks of the protec-
tion of the "health or welfare of the tribe." To deny a tribal
police officer authority to search and detain for a reasonable
time any person he or she believes may commit or has com-
mitted a crime would make it difficult for tribes to protect
themselves against ongoing threats. Such threats may be
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 5

Opinion of the Court

posed by, for instance, non-Indian drunk drivers, transport-
ers of contraband, or other criminal offenders operating on
roads within the boundaries of a tribal reservation. As the
Washington Supreme Court has noted, "[a]llowing a known
drunk driver to get back in his or her car, careen off down
the road, and possibly kill or injure Indians or non-Indians
would certainly be detrimental to the health or welfare of
the Tribe." State v. Schmuck, 121 Wash. 2d 373, 391, 850
P. 2d 1332, 1341, cert. denied, (1993).
We have subsequently repeated Montana's proposition
and exceptions in several cases involving a tribe's jurisdic-
tion over the activities of non-Indians within the reserva-
tion. See, e.g., Plains Commerce Bank, 554 U. S., at 328 -- 
330; Nevada v. Hicks, -- 360, and 
(2001); South Dakota v. Bourland, -- 696
(1993); Duro v. Reina, -- 688 (1990); Bren-
dale v. Confederated Tribes and Bands of Yakima Nation,
-- 430 (1989) (plurality opinion). In doing
so we have reserved a tribe's inherent sovereign authority
to engage in policing of the kind before us. Most notably, in
Strate v. A -- 1 Contractors, -- 459 (1997),
we relied upon Montana's general jurisdiction-limiting
principle to hold that tribal courts did not retain inherent
authority to adjudicate personal-injury actions against non-
members of the tribe based upon automobile accidents that
took place on public rights-of-way running through a reser-
vation. But we also said:
"We do not here question the authority of tribal police
to patrol roads within a reservation, including rights-
of-way made part of a state highway, and to detain and
turn over to state officers nonmembers stopped on the
highway for conduct violating state law. Cf. State v.
Schmuck, 121 Wash. 2d 373, 390, 850 P. 2d 1332, 1341
(en banc) (recognizing that a limited tribal power 'to
stop and detain alleged offenders in no way confers an
6 UNITED STATES v. COOLEY

Opinion of the Court

unlimited authority to regulate the right of the public
to travel on the Reservation's roads'), cert. denied, (1993)." 520 U. S., at 456,.
We reiterated this point in Atkinson Trading Co. v. Shirley,
(2001), there confirming that Strate "did
not question the ability of tribal police to patrol the high-
way."
Similarly, we recognized in Duro that "[w]here jurisdic-
tion to try and punish an offender rests outside the tribe,
tribal officers may exercise their power to detain the of-
fender and transport him to the proper authorities." 495
U. S., at 697. The authority to search a non-Indian prior to
transport is ancillary to this authority that we have already
recognized. Cf. Ortiz-Barraza v. United States, 512 F. 2d
1176, 1180 -- 1181 (CA9 1975). Indeed, several state courts
and other federal courts have held that tribal officers pos-
sess the authority at issue here. See, e.g., Schmuck, 121
Wash. 2d, at 390, 850 P. 2d, at 1341; State v. Pamperien,
156 Ore. App. 153, 155 -- 159, 967 P. 2d 503, 504 -- 506 (1998);
State v. Ryder, 98 N. M. 453, 456, 649 P. 2d 756, 759 (1982);
see also United States v. Terry, 400 F. 3d 575, 579 -- 580 (CA8
2005); Ortiz-Barraza, 512 F. 2d, at 1180 -- 1181; see gener-
ally F. Cohen, Handbook of Federal Indian Law.07, p.
773 (2012). To be sure, in Duro we traced the relevant tribal
authority to a tribe's right to exclude non-Indians from res-
ervation land. See 495 U. S., at 696 -- 697. But tribes "have
inherent sovereignty independent of th[e] authority arising
from their power to exclude," Brendale, 492 U. S., at 425
(plurality opinion), and here Montana's second exception
recognizes that inherent authority.
We also note that our prior cases denying tribal jurisdic-
tion over the activities of non-Indians on a reservation have
rested in part upon the fact that full tribal jurisdiction
would require the application of tribal laws to non-Indians
who do not belong to the tribe and consequently had no say
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 7

Opinion of the Court

in creating the laws that would be applied to them. See
Duro, 495 U. S., at 693 (noting the concern that tribal-court
criminal jurisdiction over nonmembers would subject such
defendants to "trial by political bodies that do not include
them"); Plains Commerce Bank, 554 U. S., at 337 (noting
that nonmembers "have no part in tribal government" and
have "no say in the laws and regulations that govern tribal
territory"). Saylor's search and detention, however, do not
subsequently subject Cooley to tribal law, but rather only
to state and federal laws that apply whether an individual
is outside a reservation or on a state or federal highway
within it. As the Solicitor General points out, an initial in-
vestigation of non-Indians' "violations of federal and state
laws to which those non-Indians are indisputably subject"
protects the public without raising "similar concerns" of the
sort raised in our cases limiting tribal authority. Brief for
United States 24 -- 25.
Finally, we have doubts about the workability of the
standards that the Ninth Circuit set out. Those standards
require tribal officers first to determine whether a suspect
is non-Indian and, if so, allow temporary detention only if
the violation of law is "apparent." 919 F. 3d, at 1142. The
first requirement, even if limited to asking a single ques-
tion, would produce an incentive to lie. The second require-
ment -- that the violation of law be "apparent" -- introduces
a new standard into search and seizure law. Whether, or
how, that standard would be met is not obvious. At the
same time, because most of those who live on Indian reser-
vations are non-Indians, this problem of interpretation
could arise frequently. See, e.g., Brief for Former United
States Attorneys as Amici Curiae 24 (noting that 3.5 million
of the 4.6 million people living in American Indian areas in
the 2010 census were non-Indians); Brief for National In-
digenous Women's Resource Center et al. as Amici Curiae
19 -- 20 (noting that more than 70% of residents on several
reservations are non-Indian).
8 UNITED STATES v. COOLEY

Opinion of the Court

III
In response, Cooley cautions against "inappropriately ex-
pand[ing] the second Montana exception." Brief for Re-
spondent 24 -- 25. We have previously
warned that the Montana exceptions are "limited" and "can-
not be construed in a manner that would swallow the rule."
Plains Commerce Bank, 554 U. S., at 330 (internal quota-
tion marks omitted). But we have also repeatedly acknowl-
edged the existence of the exceptions and preserved the pos-
sibility that "certain forms of nonmember behavior" may
"sufficiently affect the tribe as to justify tribal oversight."
Id., at 335. Given the close fit between the second exception
and the circumstances here, we do not believe the warnings
can control the outcome.
Cooley adds that federal cross-deputization statutes al-
ready grant many Indian tribes a degree of authority to en-
force federal law. See Brief for Respondent 28 -- 30; see gen-
erally 25 U. S. C., (7) (Secretary of the Interior
may authorize tribal officers to "make inquiries of any per-
son" related to the "carrying out in Indian country" of fed-
eral law and to "perform any other law enforcement related
duty"); (Secretary of the Interior may promulgate
rules "relating to the enforcement of " federal criminal law
in Indian country); 25 CFR.21 (2019) (Bureau of Indian
Affairs may "issue law enforcement commissions" to tribal
police officers "to obtain active assistance" in enforcing fed-
eral criminal law). Because Congress has specified the
scope of tribal police activity through these statutes, Cooley
argues, the Court must not interpret tribal sovereignty to
fill any remaining gaps in policing authority. See Brief for
Respondent 12.
We are not convinced by this argument. The statutory
and regulatory provisions to which Cooley refers do not eas-
ily fit the present circumstances. They are overinclusive,
for instance encompassing the authority to arrest. See
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 9

Opinion of the Court. And they are also underinclusive. Because these
provisions do not govern violations of state law, tribes
would still need to strike agreements with a variety of other
authorities to ensure complete coverage. See Brief for Ca-
yuga Nation et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 8, 25 -- 27. More
broadly, cross-deputization agreements are difficult to
reach, and they often require negotiation between other au-
thorities and the tribes over such matters as training, re-
ciprocal authority to arrest, the "geographical reach of the
agreements, the jurisdiction of the parties, liability of offic-
ers performing under the agreements, and sovereign im-
munity." Fletcher, Fort, & Singel, Indian Country Law En-
forcement and Cooperative Public Safety Agreements, 89
Mich. Bar J. 42, 44 (2010).
In short, we see nothing in these provisions that shows
that Congress sought to deny tribes the authority at issue,
authority that rests upon a tribe's retention of sovereignty
as interpreted by Montana, and in particular its second ex-
ception. To the contrary, in our view, existing legislation
and executive action appear to operate on the assumption
that tribes have retained this authority. See, e.g., Brief for
Current and Former Members of Congress as Amici Curiae
23 -- 25; Brief for Former U. S. Attorneys as Amici Curiae
28 -- 29.
* * *
For these reasons, we vacate the Ninth Circuit's judg-
ment and remand the case for further proceedings con-
sistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 593 U. S. ____ (2021) 1

ALITO, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 19 -- 1414
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. JOSHUA JAMES
COOLEY
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[June 1, 2021]

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring.
I join the opinion of the Court on the understanding that
it holds no more than the following: On a public right-of-
way that traverses an Indian reservation and is primarily
patrolled by tribal police, a tribal police officer has the au-
thority to (a) stop a non-Indian motorist if the officer has
reasonable suspicion that the motorist may violate or has
violated federal or state law, (b) conduct a search to the ex-
tent necessary to protect himself or others, and (c) if the
tribal officer has probable cause, detain the motorist for the
period of time reasonably necessary for a non-tribal officer
to arrive on the scene.