JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case concerns eligibility for federal trademark regis-
tration. Respondent Booking.com, an enterprise that main-
tains a travel-reservation website by the same name,
sought to register the mark "Booking.com." Concluding that
"Booking.com" is a generic name for online hotel-reservation
services, the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) re-
fused registration.
A generic name -- the name of a class of products or ser-
vices -- is ineligible for federal trademark registration. The
word "booking," the parties do not dispute, is generic for
hotel-reservation services. "Booking.com" must also be ge-
neric, the PTO maintains, under an encompassing rule the
PTO currently urges us to adopt: The combination of a ge-
neric word and ".com" is generic.
In accord with the first- and second-instance judgments
in this case, we reject the PTO's sweeping rule. A term
styled "generic.com" is a generic name for a class of goods
or services only if the term has that meaning to consumers.
Consumers, according to lower court determinations un-
contested here by the PTO, do not perceive the term
2 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

Opinion of the Court

"Booking.com" to signify online hotel-reservation services
as a class. In circumstances like those this case presents, a
"generic.com" term is not generic and can be eligible for fed-
eral trademark registration.
I
A
A trademark distinguishes one producer's goods or ser-
vices from another's. Guarding a trademark against use by
others, this Court has explained, "secure[s] to the owner of
the mark the goodwill" of her business and "protect[s] the
ability of consumers to distinguish among competing pro-
ducers." Park 'N Fly, Inc. v. Dollar Park & Fly, Inc., (1985); see S. Rep. No. 1333, 79th Cong., 2d
Sess., 3 (1946) (trademark statutes aim to "protect the pub-
lic so it may be confident that, in purchasing a product bear-
ing a particular trade-mark which it favorably knows, it
will get the product which it asks for and wants to get").
Trademark protection has roots in common law and equity.
Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017). To-
day, the Lanham Act, enacted in 1946, provides federal
statutory protection for trademarks. 60 Stat. 427, as
amended, 15 U. S. C. et seq. We have recognized that
federal trademark protection, supplementing state law,
"supports the free flow of commerce" and "foster[s] compe-
tition." Matal, 582 U. S., at ___, ___ -- ___ (, 4 -- 5).
The Lanham Act not only arms trademark owners with
federal claims for relief; importantly, it establishes a sys-
tem of federal trademark registration. The owner of a mark
on the principal register enjoys "valuable benefits," includ-
ing a presumption that the mark is valid. Iancu v. Brunetti,
588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) ; see, 1052.
The supplemental register contains other product and ser-
vice designations, some of which could one day gain eligibil-
ity for the principal register. See. The supplemental
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of the Court

register accords more modest benefits; notably, a listing on
that register announces one's use of the designation to oth-
ers considering a similar mark. See 3 J. McCarthy, Trade-
marks and Unfair Competition :37 (5th ed. 2019) (here-
inafter McCarthy). Even without federal registration, a
mark may be eligible for protection against infringement
under both the Lanham Act and other sources of law. See
Matal, 582 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 5).
Prime among the conditions for registration, the mark
must be one "by which the goods of the applicant may be
distinguished from the goods of others." ; see 
(supplemental register contains "marks capable of distin-
guishing... goods or services"). Distinctiveness is often ex-
pressed on an increasing scale: Word marks "may be (1) ge-
neric; (2) descriptive; (3) suggestive; (4) arbitrary; or (5)
fanciful." Two Pesos, Inc. v. Taco Cabana, Inc., (1992).
The more distinctive the mark, the more readily it quali-
fies for the principal register. The most distinctive marks -- 
those that are " 'arbitrary' ('Camel' cigarettes), 'fanciful'
('Kodak' film), or 'suggestive' ('Tide' laundry detergent)" -- 
may be placed on the principal register because they are
"inherently distinctive." Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. Samara
Brothers, Inc., -- 211 (2000). "Descriptive"
terms, in contrast, are not eligible for the principal register
based on their inherent qualities alone. E.g., Park 'N Fly,
Inc. v. Dollar Park & Fly, Inc., 718 F. 2d 327, 331 (CA9
1983) ("Park 'N Fly" airport parking is descriptive), rev'd on
other grounds, (1985). The Lanham Act, "lib-
eraliz[ing] the common law," "extended protection to de-
scriptive marks." Qualitex Co. v. Jacobson Products Co.,
(1995). But to be placed on the principal
register, descriptive terms must achieve significance "in the
minds of the public" as identifying the applicant's goods or
services -- a quality called "acquired distinctiveness" or "sec-
ondary meaning." Wal-Mart Stores, 529 U. S., at 211
4 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

Opinion of the Court

; see, (f ).
Without secondary meaning, descriptive terms may be
eligible only for the supplemental register..
At the lowest end of the distinctiveness scale is "the
generic name for the goods or services.", 1064(3),
1065(4). The name of the good itself (e.g., "wine") is
incapable of "distinguish[ing] [one producer's goods] from
the goods of others" and is therefore ineligible for registra-
tion. ; see. Indeed, generic terms are ordi-
narily ineligible for protection as trademarks at all. See
Restatement (Third) of Unfair Competition, p. 142
(1993); Otokoyama Co. v. Wine of Japan Import, Inc., 175
F. 3d 266, 270 (CA2 1999) ("[E]veryone may use [generic
terms] to refer to the goods they designate.").
B
Booking.com is a digital travel company that provides
hotel reservations and other services under the brand
"Booking.com," which is also the domain name of its web-
site.1 Booking.com filed applications to register four marks
in connection with travel-related services, each with different
visual features but all containing the term "Booking.com."2
Both a PTO examining attorney and the PTO's Trade-
mark Trial and Appeal Board concluded that the term
"Booking.com" is generic for the services at issue and is
therefore unregistrable. "Booking," the Board observed,
means making travel reservations, and ".com" signifies a

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 A domain name identifies an address on the Internet. The rightmost

component of a domain name -- ".com" in "Booking.com" -- is known as the
top-level domain. Domain names are unique; that is, a given domain
name is assigned to only one entity at a time.
2 For simplicity, this opinion uses the term "trademark" to encompass

the marks whose registration Booking.com seeks. Although Book-
ing.com uses the marks in connection with services, not goods, rendering
the marks "service marks" rather than "trademarks" under 15 U. S. C., that distinction is immaterial to the issue before us.
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of the Court

commercial website. The Board then ruled that "customers
would understand the term BOOKING.COM primarily to
refer to an online reservation service for travel, tours, and
lodgings." App. to Pet. for Cert. 164a, 176a. Alternatively,
the Board held that even if "Booking.com" is descriptive, not
generic, it is unregistrable because it lacks secondary
meaning.
Booking.com sought review in the U. S. District Court for
the Eastern District of Virginia, invoking a mode of review
that allows Booking.com to introduce evidence not pre-
sented to the agency. See. Relying in significant
part on Booking.com's new evidence of consumer percep-
tion, the District Court concluded that "Booking.com" -- un-
like "booking" -- is not generic. The "consuming public," the
court found, "primarily understands that BOOKING.COM
does not refer to a genus, rather it is descriptive of services
involving 'booking' available at that domain name." Book-
ing.com B.V. v. Matal, 278 F. Supp. 3d 891, 918 (2017).
Having determined that "Booking.com" is descriptive, the
District Court additionally found that the term has ac-
quired secondary meaning as to hotel-reservation services.
For those services, the District Court therefore concluded,
Booking.com's marks meet the distinctiveness requirement
for registration.
The PTO appealed only the District Court's determina-
tion that "Booking.com" is not generic. Finding no error in
the District Court's assessment of how consumers perceive
the term "Booking.com," the Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit affirmed the court of first instance's judg-
ment. In so ruling, the appeals court rejected the PTO's
contention that the combination of ".com" with a generic
term like "booking" "is necessarily generic." 915 F. 3d 171,
184 (2019). Dissenting in relevant part, Judge Wynn con-
cluded that the District Court mistakenly presumed that
"generic.com" terms are usually descriptive, not generic.
6 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

Opinion of the Court

We granted certiorari, 589 U. S. ___ (2019), and now af-
firm the Fourth Circuit's decision.
II
Although the parties here disagree about the circum-
stances in which terms like "Booking.com" rank as generic,
several guiding principles are common ground. First, a "ge-
neric" term names a "class" of goods or services, rather than
any particular feature or exemplification of the class. Brief
for Petitioners 4; Brief for Respondent 6; see,
1064(3), 1065(4) (referring to "the generic name for the
goods or services"); Park 'N Fly, 469 U. S., at 194 ("A generic
term is one that refers to the genus of which the particular
product is a species."). Second, for a compound term, the
distinctiveness inquiry trains on the term's meaning as a
whole, not its parts in isolation. Reply Brief 9; Brief for
Respondent 2; see Estate of P. D. Beckwith, Inc. v.
Commissioner of Patents, -- 546 (1920).
Third, the relevant meaning of a term is its meaning to
consumers. Brief for Petitioners 43 -- 44; Brief for
Respondent 2; see Bayer Co. v. United Drug Co., 272 F. 505,
509 (SDNY 1921) (Hand, J.) ("What do the buyers
understand by the word for whose use the parties are
contending?"). Eligibility for registration, all agree, turns
on the mark's capacity to "distinguis[h]" goods "in
commerce.". Evidencing the Lanham Act's focus on
consumer perception, the section governing cancellation of
registration provides that "[t]he primary significance of the
registered mark to the relevant public... shall be the test
for determining whether the registered mark has become
the generic name of goods or services.".3

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The U. S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) suggests that the

primary-significance test might not govern outside the context of, which subjects to cancellation marks previously registered
that have "become" generic. See Reply Brief 11; Tr. of Oral Arg. 19. To
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

Opinion of the Court

Under these principles, whether "Booking.com" is generic
turns on whether that term, taken as a whole, signifies to
consumers the class of online hotel-reservation services.
Thus, if "Booking.com" were generic, we might expect
consumers to understand Travelocity -- another such
service -- to be a "Booking.com." We might similarly expect
that a consumer, searching for a trusted source of online
hotel-reservation services, could ask a frequent traveler to
name her favorite "Booking.com" provider.
Consumers do not in fact perceive the term
"Booking.com" that way, the courts below determined. The
PTO no longer disputes that determination. See Pet. for
Cert. I; Brief for Petitioners 17 -- 18 (contending only that a
consumer-perception inquiry was unnecessary, not that the
lower courts' consumer-perception determination was
wrong). That should resolve this case: Because
"Booking.com" is not a generic name to consumers, it is not
generic.
III
Opposing that conclusion, the PTO urges a nearly per se
rule that would render "Booking.com" ineligible for regis-
tration regardless of specific evidence of consumer percep-
tion. In the PTO's view, which the dissent embraces, when
a generic term is combined with a generic top-level domain

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
so confine the primary-significance test, however, would upset the un-
derstanding, shared by Courts of Appeals and the PTO's own manual for
trademark examiners, that the same test governs whether a mark is reg-
istrable in the first place. See, e.g., In re Cordua Restaurants, Inc., 823
F. 3d 594, 599 (CA Fed. 2016); Nartron Corp. v. STMicroelectronics, Inc.,
305 F. 3d 397, 404 (CA6 2002); Genesee Brewing Co. v. Stroh Brewing
Co., 124 F. 3d 137, 144 (CA2 1997); Trademark Manual of Examining
Procedure.01(c)(i), p. 1200 -- 267 (Oct. 2018), http://tmep.uspto.gov.
We need not address today the scope of the primary-significance test's
application, for our analysis does not depend on whether one meaning
among several is "primary." Sufficient to resolve this case is the undis-
puted principle that consumer perception demarcates a term's meaning.
8 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

Opinion of the Court

like ".com," the resulting combination is generic. In other
words, every "generic.com" term is generic according to the
PTO, absent exceptional circumstances.4
The PTO's own past practice appears to reflect no such
comprehensive rule. See, e.g., Trademark Registration No.
3,601,346 ("ART.COM" on principal register for, inter alia,
"[o]nline retail store services" offering "art prints, original
art, [and] art reproductions"); Trademark Registration No.
2,580,467 ("DATING.COM" on supplemental register for
"dating services"). Existing registrations inconsistent with
the rule the PTO now advances would be at risk of cancel-
lation if the PTO's current view were to prevail. See. We decline to adopt a rule essentially excluding
registration of "generic.com" marks. As explained below,
we discern no support for the PTO's current view in trade-
mark law or policy.
A
The PTO urges that the exclusionary rule it advocates
follows from a common-law principle, applied in Goodyear's
India Rubber Glove Mfg. Co. v. Goodyear Rubber Co., (1888), that a generic corporate designation added
to a generic term does not confer trademark eligibility. In
Goodyear, a decision predating the Lanham Act, this Court
held that "Goodyear Rubber Company" was not "capable of
exclusive appropriation." Id., at 602. Standing alone, the
term "Goodyear Rubber" could not serve as a trademark
because it referred, in those days, to "well-known classes of
goods produced by the process known as Goodyear's
invention." Ibid. "[A]ddition of the word 'Company' "
supplied no protectable meaning, the Court concluded,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The PTO notes only one possible exception: Sometimes adding a ge-

neric term to a generic top-level domain results in wordplay (for example,
"tennis.net"). That special case, the PTO acknowledges, is not presented
here and does not affect our analysis. See Brief for Petitioners 25, ;
Tr. of Oral Arg. 25 -- 26.
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

Opinion of the Court

because adding "Company" "only indicates that parties
have formed an association or partnership to deal in such
goods." Ibid. Permitting exclusive rights in "Goodyear
Rubber Company" (or "Wine Company, Cotton Company, or
Grain Company"), the Court explained, would tread on the
right of all persons "to deal in such articles, and to publish
the fact to the world." Id., at 602 -- 603.
"Generic.com," the PTO maintains, is like "Generic Com-
pany" and is therefore ineligible for trademark protection,
let alone federal registration. According to the PTO, adding
".com" to a generic term -- like adding "Company" -- "conveys
no additional meaning that would distinguish [one pro-
vider's] services from those of other providers." Brief for
Petitioners 44. The dissent endorses that proposition: "Ge-
neric.com" conveys that the generic good or service is of-
fered online "and nothing more." Post, at 1.
That premise is faulty. A "generic.com" term might also
convey to consumers a source-identifying characteristic: an
association with a particular website. As the PTO and the
dissent elsewhere acknowledge, only one entity can occupy
a particular Internet domain name at a time, so "[a] con-
sumer who is familiar with that aspect of the domain-name
system can infer that BOOKING.COM refers to some spe-
cific entity." Brief for Petitioners 40. See also Tr. of Oral
Arg. 5 ("Because domain names are one of a kind, a signifi-
cant portion of the public will always understand a generic
'.com' term to refer to a specific business...."); post, at 7
(the "exclusivity" of "generic.com" terms sets them apart
from terms like "Wine, Inc." and "The Wine Company").
Thus, consumers could understand a given "generic.com"
term to describe the corresponding website or to identify
the website's proprietor. We therefore resist the PTO's
position that "generic.com" terms are capable of signifying
only an entire class of online goods or services and, hence,
10 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

Opinion of the Court

are categorically incapable of identifying a source.5
The PTO's reliance on Goodyear is flawed in another re-
spect. The PTO understands Goodyear to hold that "Ge-
neric Company" terms "are ineligible for trademark protec-
tion as a matter of law" -- regardless of how "consumers
would understand" the term. Brief for Petitioners 38. But,
as noted, whether a term is generic depends on its meaning
to consumers. Supra, at 6. That bedrock principle of the
Lanham Act is incompatible with an unyielding legal rule
that entirely disregards consumer perception. Instead,
Goodyear reflects a more modest principle harmonious with
Congress' subsequent enactment: A compound of generic el-
ements is generic if the combination yields no additional
meaning to consumers capable of distinguishing the goods
or services.
The PTO also invokes the oft-repeated principle that "no
matter how much money and effort the user of a generic
term has poured into promoting the sale of its merchandise

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 In passing, the PTO urges us to disregard that a domain name is as-

signed to only one entity at a time. That fact, the PTO suggests, stems
from "a functional characteristic of the Internet and the domain-name
system," and functional features cannot receive trademark protection.
Brief for Petitioners 32. "[A] product feature is functional, and cannot
serve as a trademark," we have held, "if it is essential to the use or pur-
pose of the article or if it affects the cost or quality of the article." TrafFix
Devices, Inc. v. Marketing Displays, Inc., (2001) ; see (barring from the principal reg-
istrar "any matter that, as a whole, is functional"). This case, however,
does not concern trademark protection for a feature of the Internet or the
domain-name system; Booking.com lays no claim to the use of unique
domain names generally. Nor does the PTO contend that the particular
domain name "Booking.com" is essential to the use or purpose of online
hotel-reservation services, affects these services' cost or quality, or is oth-
erwise necessary for competitors to use. In any event, we have no occa-
sion to decide the applicability of 's functionality bar, for the sole
ground on which the PTO refused registration, and the sole claim before
us, is that "Booking.com" is generic.
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

Opinion of the Court..., it cannot deprive competing manufacturers of the prod-
uct of the right to call an article by its name." Abercrombie
& Fitch Co. v. Hunting World, Inc., 537 F. 2d 4, 9 (CA2
1976). That principle presupposes that a generic term
is at issue. But the PTO's only legal basis for deeming
"generic.com" terms generic is its mistaken reliance on
Goodyear.
While we reject the rule proffered by the PTO that
"generic.com" terms are generic names, we do not embrace
a rule automatically classifying such terms as nongeneric.
Whether any given "generic.com" term is generic, we hold,
depends on whether consumers in fact perceive that term
as the name of a class or, instead, as a term capable of dis-
tinguishing among members of the class.6
B
The PTO, echoed by the dissent, post, at 10 -- 12, objects
that protecting "generic.com" terms as trademarks would
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Evidence informing that inquiry can include not only consumer sur-

veys, but also dictionaries, usage by consumers and competitors, and any
other source of evidence bearing on how consumers perceive a term's
meaning. Surveys can be helpful evidence of consumer perception but
require care in their design and interpretation. See Brief for Trademark
Scholars as Amici Curiae 18 -- 20 (urging that survey respondents may
conflate the fact that domain names are exclusive with a conclusion that
a given "generic.com" term has achieved secondary meaning). Moreover,
difficult questions may be presented when a term has multiple concur-
rent meanings to consumers or a meaning that has changed over time.
See, e.g., 2 J. McCarthy, Trademarks and Unfair Competition :51 (5th
ed. 2019) (discussing terms that are "a generic name to some, a trade-
mark to others"); id., :49 ("Determining the distinction between ge-
neric and trademark usage of a word... when there are no other sellers
of [the good or service] is one of the most difficult areas of trademark
law."). Such issues are not here entailed, for the PTO does not contest
the lower courts' assessment of consumer perception in this case. See
Pet. for Cert. I; Brief for Petitioners 17 -- 18. For the same reason, while
the dissent questions the evidence on which the lower courts relied, post,
at 7 -- 8, 9, we have no occasion to reweigh that evidence. Cf. post, at 1 -- 2
(SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring).
12 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

Opinion of the Court

disserve trademark law's animating policies. We disagree.
The PTO's principal concern is that trademark protection
for a term like "Booking.com" would hinder competitors.
But the PTO does not assert that others seeking to offer
online hotel-reservation services need to call their services
"Booking.com." Rather, the PTO fears that trademark pro-
tection for "Booking.com" could exclude or inhibit competi-
tors from using the term "booking" or adopting domain
names like "ebooking.com" or "hotel-booking.com." Brief for
Petitioners 27 -- 28. The PTO's objection, therefore, is not to
exclusive use of "Booking.com" as a mark, but to undue con-
trol over similar language, i.e., "booking," that others
should remain free to use.
That concern attends any descriptive mark. Responsive
to it, trademark law hems in the scope of such marks short
of denying trademark protection altogether. Notably, a
competitor's use does not infringe a mark unless it is likely
to confuse consumers. See, 1125(a)(1)(A); 4
McCarthy :1.50 (collecting state law). In assessing the
likelihood of confusion, courts consider the mark's distinc-
tiveness: "The weaker a mark, the fewer are the junior uses
that will trigger a likelihood of consumer confusion." 2 id.,
:76. When a mark incorporates generic or highly de-
scriptive components, consumers are less likely to think
that other uses of the common element emanate from the
mark's owner. Ibid. Similarly, "[i]n a 'crowded' field of look-
alike marks" (e.g., hotel names including the word "grand"),
consumers "may have learned to carefully pick out" one
mark from another. Id., :85. And even where some con-
sumer confusion exists, the doctrine known as classic fair
use, see id., :45, protects from liability anyone who uses
a descriptive term, "fairly and in good faith" and "otherwise
than as a mark," merely to describe her own goods. 15
U. S. C. (4); see KP Permanent Make-Up, Inc. v.
Lasting Impression I, Inc., -- 123 (2004).
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 13

Opinion of the Court

These doctrines guard against the anticompetitive ef-
fects the PTO identifies, ensuring that registration of
"Booking.com" would not yield its holder a monopoly on the
term "booking." Booking.com concedes that "Booking.com"
would be a "weak" mark. Tr. of Oral Arg. 66. See also id.,
at 42 -- 43, 55. The mark is descriptive, Booking.com recog-
nizes, making it "harder... to show a likelihood of confu-
sion." Id., at 43. Furthermore, because its mark is one of
many "similarly worded marks," Booking.com accepts that
close variations are unlikely to infringe. Id., at 66. And
Booking.com acknowledges that federal registration of
"Booking.com" would not prevent competitors from using
the word "booking" to describe their own services. Id., at
55.
The PTO also doubts that owners of "generic.com" brands
need trademark protection in addition to existing competi-
tive advantages. Booking.com, the PTO argues, has al-
ready seized a domain name that no other website can use
and is easy for consumers to find. Consumers might enter
"the word 'booking' in a search engine," the PTO observes,
or "proceed directly to 'booking.com' in the expectation that
[online hotel-booking] services will be offered at that ad-
dress." Brief for Petitioners 32. Those competitive ad-
vantages, however, do not inevitably disqualify a mark from
federal registration. All descriptive marks are intuitively
linked to the product or service and thus might be easy for
consumers to find using a search engine or telephone direc-
tory. The Lanham Act permits registration nonetheless.
See, (f ). And the PTO fails to explain how the ex-
clusive connection between a domain name and its owner
makes the domain name a generic term all should be free
to use. That connection makes trademark protection more
appropriate, not less. See supra, at 9.
Finally, even if "Booking.com" is generic, the PTO urges,
unfair-competition law could prevent others from passing
off their services as Booking.com's. Cf. Genesee Brewing Co.
14 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

Opinion of the Court

v. Stroh Brewing Co., 124 F. 3d 137, 149 (CA2 1997);
Blinded Veterans Assn. v. Blinded Am. Veterans Founda-
tion, 872 F. 2d 1035, 1042 -- 1048 (CADC 1989). But federal
trademark registration would offer Booking.com greater
protection. See, e.g., Genesee Brewing, 124 F. 3d, at 151
(unfair-competition law would oblige competitor at most to
"make more of an effort" to reduce confusion, not to cease
marketing its product using the disputed term); Matal, 582
U. S., at ___ (federal registration confers val-
uable benefits); Brief for Respondent 26 (expressing inten-
tion to seek protections available to trademark owners un-
der the Anticybersquatting Consumer Protection Act, 15
U. S. C. ); Brief for Coalition of.Com Brand Own-
ers as Amici Curiae 14 -- 19 (trademark rights allow mark
owners to stop domain-name abuse through private dispute
resolution without resorting to litigation). We have no
cause to deny Booking.com the same benefits Congress ac-
corded other marks qualifying as nongeneric.
* * *
The PTO challenges the judgment below on a sole ground:
It urges that, as a rule, combining a generic term with
".com" yields a generic composite. For the above-stated rea-
sons, we decline a rule of that order, one that would largely
disallow registration of "generic.com" terms and open the
door to cancellation of scores of currently registered marks.
Accordingly, the judgment of the Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit regarding eligibility for trademark registra-
tion is
Affirmed.
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 19 -- 46
_________________

UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE,
ET AL., PETITIONERS v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT
[June 30, 2020]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, concurring.
The question before the Court here is simple: whether
there is a nearly per se rule against trademark protection
for a "generic.com" term. See ante, at 7 -- 8; post, at 10
(BREYER, J., dissenting). I agree with the Court that there
is no such rule, a holding that accords with how the U. S.
Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) has treated such terms
in the past. See ante, at 8 (noting that the "PTO's own past
practice appears to reflect no such comprehensive rule"). I
add two observations.
First, the dissent wisely observes that consumer-survey
evidence "may be an unreliable indicator of genericness."
Post, at 9 -- 10. Flaws in a specific survey design, or weak-
nesses inherent in consumer surveys generally, may limit
the probative value of surveys in determining whether a
particular mark is descriptive or generic in this context.
But I do not read the Court's opinion to suggest that surveys
are the be-all and end-all. As the Court notes, sources such
as "dictionaries, usage by consumers and competitors, and
any other source of evidence bearing on how consumers per-
ceive a term's meaning" may also inform whether a mark is
generic or descriptive. Ante, at 11,.
Second, the PTO may well have properly concluded,
based on such dictionary and usage evidence, that Book-
ing.com is in fact generic for the class of services at issue
2 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

here, and the District Court may have erred in concluding
to the contrary. But that question is not before the Court.
With these understandings, I concur in the Court's opinion.
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 1

BREYER, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 19 -- 46
_________________

UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE,
ET AL., PETITIONERS v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT
[June 30, 2020]

JUSTICE BREYER, dissenting.
What is Booking.com? To answer this question, one need
only consult the term itself. Respondent provides an online
booking service. The company's name informs the con-
sumer of the basic nature of its business and nothing more.
Therein lies the root of my disagreement with the majority.
Trademark law does not protect generic terms, meaning
terms that do no more than name the product or service it-
self. This principle preserves the linguistic commons by
preventing one producer from appropriating to its own ex-
clusive use a term needed by others to describe their goods
or services. Today, the Court holds that the addition of
".com" to an otherwise generic term, such as "booking," can
yield a protectable trademark. Because I believe this result
is inconsistent with trademark principles and sound trade-
mark policy, I respectfully dissent.
I
A
Trademark law protects those " 'distinctive marks -- 
words, names, symbols, and the like' " that " 'distinguish a
particular artisan's goods from those of others.' " Matal v.
Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ). To determine whether a given term is sufficiently
2 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

BREYER, J., dissenting

distinctive to serve as a trademark, courts generally place
it in one of five categories. The first four kinds of terms are
eligible for federal trademark registration. The fifth is not.
I list the first three only to give context and allow com-
parisons. They are: (1) " 'fanciful' " terms, such as "Kodak"
(film); (2) " 'arbitrary' " terms, such as "Camel" (cigarettes);
and (3) " 'suggestive' " terms, such as "Tide" (laundry deter-
gent). Ante, at 3. These kinds of terms are " 'inherently
distinctive.' " Ibid. The public can readily understand that
they identify and distinguish the goods or services of one
firm from those of all others. See Two Pesos, Inc. v. Taco
Cabana, Inc., (1992). By preventing oth-
ers from copying a distinctive mark, trademark law "pro-
tect[s] the ability of consumers to distinguish among com-
peting producers" and "secure[s] to the owner of the mark
the goodwill of his business." Park 'N Fly, Inc. v. Dollar
Park & Fly, Inc., (1985). Ultimately, the
purpose of trademark law is to "foster competition" and
"suppor[t] the free flow of commerce." Matal, 582 U. S.,
at ___.
This case concerns two further categories. There are "de-
scriptive" terms, such as "Best Buy" (electronics) or "First
National Bank" (banking services), that "immediately
conve[y] information concerning a feature, quality, or char-
acteristic" of the producer's goods or services. In re North
Carolina Lottery, 866 F. 3d 1363, 1367 (CA Fed. 2017). A
descriptive term can be registered as a trademark only if it
acquires "secondary meaning" -- i.e., the public has come to
associate it with a particular firm or its product. Two Pesos,
505 U. S., at 769.
There are also "generic" terms, such as "wine" or "hair-
cuts." They do nothing more than inform the consumer of
the kind of product that the firm sells. We have called ge-
neric terms "descriptive of a class of goods." Goodyear's In-
dia Rubber Glove Mfg. Co. v. Goodyear Rubber Co., (1888). And we have said that they simply
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

BREYER, J., dissenting

convey the "genus of which the particular product is a spe-
cies." Park 'N Fly, 469 U. S., at 196. A generic term is not
eligible for use as a trademark. That principle applies even
if a particular generic term "ha[s] become identified with a
first user" in the minds of the consuming public. CES Pub-
lishing Corp. v. St. Regis Publications, Inc., 531 F. 2d 11, 13
(CA2 1975) (Friendly, J.). The reason is simple. To hold
otherwise "would grant the owner of the mark a monopoly,
since a competitor could not describe his goods as what they
are." Ibid.
Courts have recognized that it is not always easy to dis-
tinguish generic from descriptive terms. See, e.g., Aber-
crombie & Fitch Co. v. Hunting World, Inc., 537 F. 2d 4, 9
(CA2 1976) (Friendly, J.). It is particularly difficult to do so
when a firm wishes to string together two or more generic
terms to create a compound term. Despite the generic na-
ture of its component parts, the term as a whole is not nec-
essarily generic. In such cases, courts must determine
whether the combination of generic terms conveys some dis-
tinctive, source-identifying meaning that each term, indi-
vidually, lacks. See 2 J. McCarthy, Trademarks and Unfair
Competition :39 (5th ed. June 2020 update) (McCarthy).
If the meaning of the whole is no greater than the sum of
its parts, then the compound is itself generic. See Princeton
Vanguard, LLC v. Frito-Lay North Am., Inc., 786 F. 3d 960,
966 -- 967 (CA Fed. 2015); In re Gould Paper Corp., 834 F. 2d
1017, 1018 (CA Fed. 1987) (registration is properly denied
if "the separate words joined to form a compound have a
meaning identical to the meaning common usage would as-
cribe to those words as a compound"); see also 2 McCarthy
:39 (collecting examples of compound terms held to be
generic).
In Goodyear, we held that appending the
word " 'Company' " to the generic name for a class of goods
does not yield a protectable compound term. Id., at 602 -- 
603. The addition of a corporate designation, we explained,
4 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

BREYER, J., dissenting

"only indicates that parties have formed an association or
partnership to deal in such goods." Id., at 602. For in-
stance, "parties united to produce or sell wine, or to raise
cotton or grain," may well "style themselves Wine Com-
pany, Cotton Company, or Grain Company." Ibid. But they
would not thereby gain the right to exclude others from the
use of those terms "for the obvious reason that all persons
have a right to deal in such articles, and to publish the fact
to the world." Id., at 603. "[I]ncorporation of a company in
the name of an article of commerce, without other specifica-
tion," we concluded, does not "create any exclusive right to
the use of the name." Ibid.
I cannot agree with respondent that the 1946 Lanham
Act "repudiate[d] Goodyear and its ilk." Brief for Respond-
ent 39. It is true that the Lanham Act altered the common
law in certain important respects. Most significantly, it ex-
tended trademark protection to descriptive marks that
have acquired secondary meaning. See Qualitex Co. v. Ja-
cobson Products Co., (1995). But it did
not disturb the basic principle that generic terms are ineli-
gible for trademark protection, and nothing in the Act sug-
gests that Congress intended to overturn Goodyear. We
normally assume that Congress did not overturn a common-
law principle absent some indication to the contrary. See
Astoria Fed. Sav. & Loan Assn. v. Solimino, (1991). I can find no such indication here. Perhaps that
is why the lower courts, the Trademark Trial and Appeal
Board (TTAB), the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office's
(PTO) Trademark Manual of Examining Procedure
(TMEP), and leading treatises all recognize Goodyear's con-
tinued validity. See, e.g., In re Detroit Athletic Co., 903
F. 3d 1297, 1304 (CA Fed. 2018); In re Katch, LLC, 2019 WL
2560528, *10 (TTAB 2019); TMEP.03(d) (Oct. 2018);
2 McCarthy :39; 4 L. Altman & M. Pollack, Callmann on
Unfair Competition, Trademarks and Monopolies :11
(4th ed., June 2020 update).
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

BREYER, J., dissenting

More fundamentally, the Goodyear principle is sound as
a matter of law and logic. Goodyear recognized that desig-
nations such as "Company," "Corp.," and "Inc." merely indi-
cate corporate form and therefore do nothing to distinguish
one firm's goods or services from all others'. 128 U. S., at
602. It follows that the addition of such a corporate desig-
nation does not "magically transform a generic name for a
product or service into a trademark, thereby giving a right
to exclude others." 2 McCarthy :39. In other words,
where a compound term consists simply of a generic term
plus a corporate designation, the whole is necessarily no
greater than the sum of its parts.
B
This case requires us to apply these principles in the
novel context of internet domain names. Respondent seeks
to register a term, "Booking.com," that consists of a generic
term, "booking" (known as the second-level domain) plus
".com" (known as the top-level domain). The question at
issue here is whether a term that takes the form
"generic.com" is generic in the ordinary course. In my view,
appending ".com" to a generic term ordinarily yields no
meaning beyond that of its constituent parts. Because the
term "Booking.com" is just such an ordinary "generic.com"
term, in my view, it is not eligible for trademark registra-
tion.
Like the corporate designations at issue in Goodyear, a
top-level domain such as ".com" has no capacity to identify
and distinguish the source of goods or services. It is merely
a necessary component of any web address. See 1 McCar-
thy :17.50. When combined with the generic name of a
class of goods or services, ".com" conveys only that the
owner operates a website related to such items. Just as
"Wine Company" expresses the generic concept of a com-
pany that deals in wine, "wine.com" connotes only a website
that does the same. The same is true of "Booking.com." The
6 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

BREYER, J., dissenting

combination of "booking" and ".com" does not serve to "iden-
tify a particular characteristic or quality of some thing; it
connotes the basic nature of that thing" -- the hallmark of a
generic term. Blinded Veterans Assn. v. Blinded Am. Vet-
erans Foundation, 872 F. 2d 1035, 1039 (CADC 1989) (Gins-
burg, J. for the court) (emphasis added; internal quotation
marks omitted).
When a website uses an inherently distinctive second-
level domain, it is obvious that adding ".com" merely de-
notes a website associated with that term. Any reasonably
well-informed consumer would understand that "post-
it.com" is the website associated with Post-its. See Minne-
sota Min. & Mfg. Co. v. Taylor, 21 F. Supp. 2d 1003, 1005
(Minn. 1998). Likewise, "plannedparenthood.com" is obvi-
ously just the website of Planned Parenthood. See Planned
Parenthood Federation of Am., Inc. v. Bucci, 1997 WL
133313, *8 (SDNY, Mar. 24, 1997). Recognizing this feature
of domain names, courts generally ignore the top-level do-
main when analyzing likelihood of confusion. See
Brookfield Communications, Inc. v. West Coast Entertain-
ment Corp., 174 F. 3d 1036, 1055 (CA9 1999).
Generic second-level domains are no different. The
meaning conveyed by "Booking.com" is no more and no less
than a website associated with its generic second-level do-
main, "booking." This will ordinarily be true of any generic
term plus ".com" combination. The term as a whole is just
as generic as its constituent parts. See 1 McCarthy
:17.50; 2 id., :39.50.
There may be exceptions to this rule in rare cases where
the top-level domain interacts with the generic second-level
domain in such a way as to produce meaning distinct from
that of the terms taken individually. See ante, at 8,.
Likewise, the principles discussed above may apply differ-
ently to the newly expanded universe of top-level domains,
such as ".guru," ".club," or ".vip," which may "conve[y] infor-
mation concerning a feature, quality, or characteristic" of
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

BREYER, J., dissenting

the website at issue. In re North Carolina Lottery, 866
F. 3d, at 1367; see also Brief for International Trademark
Association as Amicus Curiae 10 -- 11; TMEP.03(m).
These scenarios are not presented here, as "Booking.com"
conveys only a website associated with booking.
C
The majority believes that Goodyear is inapposite be-
cause of the nature of the domain name system. Because
only one entity can hold the contractual rights to a particu-
lar domain name at a time, it contends, consumers may in-
fer that a "generic.com" domain name refers to some specific
entity. Ante, at 9.
That fact does not distinguish Goodyear. A generic term
may suggest that it is associated with a specific entity.
That does not render it nongeneric. For example, "Wine,
Inc." implies the existence of a specific legal entity incorpo-
rated under the laws of some State. Likewise, consumers
may perceive "The Wine Company" to refer to some specific
company rather than a genus of companies. But the addi-
tion of the definite article "the" obviously does not trans-
form the generic nature of that term. See In re The Com-
puter Store, Inc., 211 USPQ 72, 74 -- 75 (TTAB 1981). True,
these terms do not carry the exclusivity of a domain name.
But that functional exclusivity does not negate the principle
animating Goodyear: Terms that merely convey the nature
of the producer's business should remain free for all to use.
See 128 U. S., at 603.
This case illustrates the difficulties inherent in the ma-
jority's fact-specific approach. The lower courts determined
(as the majority highlights), that consumers do not use the
term "Booking.com" to refer to the class of hotel reservation
websites in ordinary speech. 915 F. 3d 171, 181 -- 183 (CA4
2019); ante, at 7. True, few would call Travelocity a "Book-
ing.com." Ibid. But literal use is not dispositive. See 915
F. 3d, at 182; H. Marvin Ginn Corp. v. International Assn.
8 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

BREYER, J., dissenting

of Fire Chiefs, Inc., 782 F. 2d 987, 989 -- 990 (CA Fed. 1986).
Consumers do not use the term "Wine, Incs." to refer to pur-
veyors of wine. Still, the term "Wine, Inc." is generic be-
cause it signifies only a company incorporated for that pur-
pose. See Goodyear, 128 U. S., at 602 -- 603. Similarly,
"Booking, Inc." may not be trademarked because it signifies
only a booking company. The result should be no different
for "Booking.com," which signifies only a booking website.
More than that, many of the facts that the Court sup-
poses may distinguish some "generic.com" marks as de-
scriptive and some as generic are unlikely to vary from case
to case. There will never be evidence that consumers liter-
ally refer to the relevant class of online merchants as
"generic.coms." Nor are "generic.com" terms likely to ap-
pear in dictionaries. And the key fact that, in the majority's
view, distinguishes this case from Goodyear -- that only one
entity can own the rights to a particular domain name at a
time -- is present in every "generic.com" case. See ante, at
9.
What, then, stands in the way of automatic trademark
eligibility for every "generic.com" domain? Much of the
time, that determination will turn primarily on survey evi-
dence, just as it did in this case. See 915 F. 3d, at 183 -- 184.
However, survey evidence has limited probative value in
this context. Consumer surveys often test whether consum-
ers associate a term with a single source. See 2 McCarthy
:14 -- 12:16 (describing types of consumer surveys). But
it is possible for a generic term to achieve such an associa-
tion -- either because that producer has enjoyed a period of
exclusivity in the marketplace, e.g., Kellogg Co. v. National
Biscuit Co., -- 119 (1938), or because it has
invested money and effort in securing the public's identifi-
cation, e.g., Abercrombie, 537 F. 2d, at 9. Evidence of such
an association, no matter how strong, does not negate the
generic nature of the term. Ibid. For that reason, some
courts and the TTAB have concluded that survey evidence
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

BREYER, J., dissenting

is generally of little value in separating generic from de-
scriptive terms. See Schwan's IP, LLC v. Kraft Pizza Co.,
460 F. 3d 971, 975 -- 976 (CA8 2006); Hunt Masters, Inc. v.
Landry's Seafood Restaurant, Inc., 240 F. 3d 251, 254 -- 255
(CA4 2001); A. J. Canfield Co. v. Honickman, 808 F. 2d 291,
301 -- 303 (CA3 1986); Miller Brewing Co. v. Jos. Schlitz
Brewing Co., 605 F. 2d 990, 995 (CA7 1979); In re Hikari
Sales USA, Inc., 2019 WL 1453259, *13 (TTAB 2019). Alt-
hough this is the minority viewpoint, see 2 McCarthy
:17.25, I nonetheless find it to be the more persuasive
one.
Consider the survey evidence that respondent introduced
below. Respondent's survey showed that 74.8% of partici-
pants thought that "Booking.com" is a brand name,
whereas 23.8% believed it was a generic name. App. 66. At
the same time, 33% believed that "Washingmachine.com" -- 
which does not correspond to any company -- is a brand, and
60.8% thought it was generic. Ibid.
What could possibly account for that difference? "Book-
ing.com" is not inherently more descriptive than
"Washingmachine.com" or any other "generic.com." The
survey participants who identified "Booking.com" as a
brand likely did so because they had heard of it, through
advertising or otherwise. If someone were to start a com-
pany called "Washingmachine.com," it could likely secure a
similar level of consumer identification by investing heavily
in advertising. Would that somehow transform the nature
of the term itself? Surely not. This hypothetical shows that
respondent's survey tested consumers' association of "Book-
ing.com" with a particular company, not anything about the
term itself. But such association does not establish that a
term is nongeneric. See Kellogg, 305 U. S., at 118 -- 119;
Abercrombie, 537 F. 2d, at 9.
Under the majority's approach, a "generic.com" mark's el-
igibility for trademark protection turns primarily on survey
10 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

BREYER, J., dissenting

data, which, as I have explained, may be an unreliable in-
dicator of genericness. As the leading treatise writer in this
field has observed, this approach "[d]iscard[s] the predicta-
ble and clear line rule of the [PTO] and the Federal Circuit"
in favor of "a nebulous and unpredictable zone of generic
name and top level domain combinations that somehow be-
come protectable marks when accompanied by favorable
survey results." 1 McCarthy :17.50. I would heed this
criticism. In my view, a term that takes the form
"generic.com" is not eligible for federal trademark registra-
tion, at least not ordinarily. There being no special circum-
stance here, I believe that "Booking.com" is a generic term
not eligible for federal registration as a trademark.
II
In addition to the doctrinal concerns discussed above,
granting trademark protection to "generic.com" marks
threatens serious anticompetitive consequences in the
online marketplace.
The owners of short, generic domain names enjoy all the
advantages of doing business under a generic name. These
advantages exist irrespective of the trademark laws. Ge-
neric names are easy to remember. Because they immedi-
ately convey the nature of the business, the owner needs to
expend less effort and expense educating consumers. See
Meystedt, What Is My URL Worth? Placing a Value on Pre-
mium Domain Names, 19 Valuation Strategies 10, 12
(2015) (Meystedt) (noting "ability to advertise a single URL
and convey exactly what business a company operates"); cf.
Folsom & Teply, Trademarked Generic Words, 89 Yale L. J.
1323, 1337 -- 1338 (1980) (Folsom & Teply) (noting " 'free ad-
vertising' effect"). And a generic business name may create
the impression that it is the most authoritative and trust-
worthy source of the particular good or service. See
Meystedt 12 (noting that generic domain names inspire
"[i]nstant trust and credibility" and "[a]uthority status in
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

BREYER, J., dissenting

an industry"); cf. Folsom & Teply 1337, (noting that
consumers may believe that "no other product is the 'real
thing' "). These advantages make it harder for distinctively
named businesses to compete.
Owners of generic domain names enjoy additional com-
petitive advantages unique to the internet -- again, regard-
less of trademark protection. Most importantly, domain
name ownership confers automatic exclusivity. Multiple
brick-and-mortar companies could style themselves "The
Wine Company," but there can be only one "wine.com." And
unlike the trademark system, that exclusivity is world-
wide.
Generic domains are also easier for consumers to find. A
consumer who wants to buy wine online may perform a key-
word search and be directed to "wine.com." Or he may
simply type "wine.com" into his browser's address bar, ex-
pecting to find a website selling wine. See Meystedt 12 (not-
ing "ability to rank higher on search engines" and "ability
to use existing type-in traffic to generate additional sales");
see also 915 F. 3d, at 189 (Wynn, J., concurring in part and
dissenting in part). The owner of a generic domain name
enjoys these benefits not because of the quality of her prod-
ucts or the goodwill of her business, but because she was
fortunate (or savvy) enough to be the first to appropriate a
particularly valuable piece of online real estate.
Granting trademark protection to "generic.com" marks
confers additional competitive benefits on their owners by
allowing them to exclude others from using similar domain
names. Federal registration would allow respondent to
threaten trademark lawsuits against competitors using do-
mains such as "Bookings.com," "eBooking.com,"
"Booker.com," or "Bookit.com." Respondent says that it
would not do so. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 55 -- 56. But other firms
may prove less restrained.
Indeed, why would a firm want to register its domain
name as a trademark unless it wished to extend its area of
12 PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE v. BOOKING.COM B. V.

BREYER, J., dissenting

exclusivity beyond the domain name itself? The domain
name system, after all, already ensures that competitors
cannot appropriate a business's actual domain name. And
unfair-competition law will often separately protect busi-
nesses from passing off and false advertising. See Genesee
Brewing Co. v. Stroh Brewing Co., 124 F. 3d 137, 149 (CA2
1997); 2 McCarthy :2.
Under the majority's reasoning, many businesses could
obtain a trademark by adding ".com" to the generic name of
their product (e.g., pizza.com, flowers.com, and so forth). As
the internet grows larger, as more and more firms use it to
sell their products, the risk of anticompetitive consequences
grows. Those consequences can nudge the economy in an
anticompetitive direction. At the extreme, that direction
points towards one firm per product, the opposite of the
competitive multifirm marketplace that our basic economic
laws seek to achieve.
Not to worry, the Court responds, infringement doctrines
such as likelihood of confusion and fair use will restrict the
scope of protection afforded to "generic.com" marks. Ante,
at 12 -- 13. This response will be cold comfort to competitors
of "generic.com" brands. Owners of such marks may seek
to extend the boundaries of their marks through litigation,
and may, at times succeed. See, e.g., Advertise.com v. AOL,
LLC, 2010 WL 11507594 (CD Cal.) (owner of "Advertis-
ing.com" obtained preliminary injunction against competi-
tor's use of "Advertise.com"), vacated in part, 616 F. 3d 974
(CA9 2010). Even if ultimately unsuccessful, the threat of
costly litigation will no doubt chill others from using vari-
ants on the registered mark and privilege established firms
over new entrants to the market. See Brief for Electronic
Frontier Foundation as Amicus Curiae 19 -- 20.
* * *
In sum, the term "Booking.com" refers to an internet
 Cite as: 591 U. S. ____ (2020) 13

BREYER, J., dissenting

booking service, which is the generic product that respond-
ent and its competitors sell. No more and no less. The same
is true of "generic.com" terms more generally. By making
such terms eligible for trademark protection, I fear that to-
day's decision will lead to a proliferation of "generic.com"
marks, granting their owners a monopoly over a zone of use-
ful, easy-to-remember domains. This result would tend to
inhibit, rather than to promote, free competition in online
commerce. I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case concerns 8 U. S. C., which makes it a
federal felony to "encourag[e] or induc[e] an alien to come
to, enter, or reside in the United States, knowing or in
reckless disregard of the fact that such coming to,
entry, or residence is or will be in violation of law."
(1)(A)(iv). The crime carries an enhanced penalty
if "done for the purpose of commercial advantage or private
financial gain." (1)(B)(i).1
Respondent Evelyn Sineneng-Smith operated an immi-
gration consulting firm in San Jose, California. She was
indicted for multiple violations of (1)(A)(iv) and
(B)(i). Her clients, most of them from the Philippines,
worked without authorization in the home health care
industry in the United States. Between 2001 and 2008,
Sineneng-Smith assisted her clients in applying for a "labor
certification" that once allowed certain aliens to adjust their

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 For violations of 8 U. S. C. (1)(A)(iv), the prison term is "not

more than 5 years," (1)(B)(ii); if "the offense was done for...
private financial gain," the prison term is "not more than 10 years,"
(1)(B)(i).
2 UNITED STATES v. SINENENG-SMITH

Opinion of the Court

status to that of lawful permanent resident permitted to
live and work in the United States. (1)(B)(ii).
There was a hindrance to the efficacy of Sineneng-
Smith's advice and assistance. To qualify for the labor-
certification dispensation she promoted to her clients, an
alien had to be in the United States on December 21, 2000,
and apply for certification before April 30, 2001.
(1)(C). Sineneng-Smith knew her clients did not
meet the application-filing deadline; hence, their applica-
tions could not put them on a path to lawful residence.2
Nevertheless, she charged each client $5,900 to file an ap-
plication with the Department of Labor and another $900
to file with the U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
For her services in this regard, she collected more than $3.3
million from her unwitting clients.
In the District Court, Sineneng-Smith urged unsuccess-
fully, inter alia, that the above-cited provisions, properly
construed, did not cover her conduct, and if they did, they
violated the Petition and Free Speech Clauses of the First
Amendment as applied. See Motion to Dismiss in No. 10 -- 
cr -- 414 (ND Cal.), pp. 7 -- 13, 20 -- 25; Motion for Judgt. of Ac-
quittal in No. 10 -- cr -- 414 (ND Cal.), pp. 14 -- 19, 20 -- 25. She
was convicted on two counts under (1)(A)(iv) and
(B)(i), and on other counts (filing false tax returns and mail
fraud) she does not now contest. Throughout the District
Court proceedings and on appeal, she was represented by
competent counsel.
On appeal from the convictions to the Ninth
Circuit, both on brief and at oral argument, Sineneng-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Sineneng-Smith argued that labor-certification applications were

often approved despite expiration of the statutory dispensation, and that
an approved application, when submitted as part of a petition for adjust-
ment of status, would place her clients in line should Congress reactivate
the dispensation. See Motion for Judgt. of Acquittal in No. 10 -- cr -- 414
(ND Cal.), p. 16.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of the Court

Smith essentially repeated the arguments she earlier pre-
sented to the District Court. See Brief for Appellant in
No. 15 -- 10614 (CA9), pp. 11 -- 28. The case was then moved
by the appeals panel onto a different track. Instead of ad-
judicating the case presented by the parties, the appeals
court named three amici and invited them to brief and ar-
gue issues framed by the panel, including a question
Sineneng-Smith herself never raised earlier: "[W]hether
the statute of conviction is overbroad... under the First
Amendment." App. 122 -- 124. In the ensuing do over of the
appeal, counsel for the parties were assigned a secondary
role. The Ninth Circuit ultimately concluded, in accord
with the invited amici's arguments, that (1)(A)(iv)
is unconstitutionally overbroad. 910 F. 3d 461, 485 (2018).
The Government petitioned for our review because the
judgment of the Court of Appeals invalidated a federal stat-
ute. Pet. for Cert. 24. We granted the petition. 588 U. S.
___ (2019).
As developed more completely hereinafter, we now hold
that the appeals panel departed so drastically from the
principle of party presentation as to constitute an abuse of
discretion. We therefore vacate the Ninth Circuit's judg-
ment and remand the case for an adjudication of the appeal
attuned to the case shaped by the parties rather than the
case designed by the appeals panel.
I
In our adversarial system of adjudication, we follow the
principle of party presentation. As this Court stated in
Greenlaw v. United States, (2008), "in both
civil and criminal cases, in the first instance and on appeal..., we rely on the parties to frame the issues for decision
and assign to courts the role of neutral arbiter of matters
the parties present." Id., at 243. In criminal cases, depar-
tures from the party presentation principle have usually oc-
curred "to protect a pro se litigant's rights." Id., at 244;
4 UNITED STATES v. SINENENG-SMITH

Opinion of the Court

see, e.g., Castro v. United States, -- 383
(2003) (affirming courts' authority to recast pro se litigants'
motions to "avoid an unnecessary dismissal" or "inappropri-
ately stringent application of formal labeling requirements,
or to create a better correspondence between the substance
of a pro se motion's claim and its underlying legal basis" (ci-
tation omitted)). But as a general rule, our system "is de-
signed around the premise that [parties represented by
competent counsel] know what is best for them, and are re-
sponsible for advancing the facts and argument entitling
them to relief." Id., at 386 (Scalia, J., concurring in part
and concurring in judgment).3
In short: "[C]ourts are essentially passive instruments of
government." United States v. Samuels, 808 F. 2d 1298,
1301 (CA8 1987) (Arnold, J., concurring in denial of reh'g
en banc)). They "do not, or should not, sally forth each day
looking for wrongs to right. [They] wait for cases to come to
[them], and when [cases arise, courts] normally decide only
questions presented by the parties." Ibid.
The party presentation principle is supple, not ironclad.
There are no doubt circumstances in which a modest initi-
ating role for a court is appropriate. See, e.g., Day v.
McDonough, (2006) (federal court had
"authority, on its own initiative," to correct a party's "evi-
dent miscalculation of the elapsed time under a statute [of
limitations]" absent "intelligent waiver").4 But this case
scarcely fits that bill. To explain why that is so, we turn
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 See Kaplan, Civil Procedure -- Reflections on the Comparison of Sys-

tems, 9 Buffalo L. Rev. 409, 431 -- 432 (1960) (U. S. system "exploits the
free-wheeling energies of counsel and places them in adversary confron-
tation before a detached judge"; "German system puts its trust in a judge
of paternalistic bent acting in cooperation with counsel of somewhat
muted adversary zeal").
4 In an addendum to this opinion, we list cases in which this Court has

called for supplemental briefing or appointed amicus curiae in recent
years. None of them bear any resemblance to the redirection ordered by
the Ninth Circuit panel in this case.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of the Court

first to the proceedings in the District Court.
In July 2010, a grand jury returned a multicount indict-
ment against Sineneng-Smith, including three counts of
violating, three counts of mail fraud in violation of 18
U. S. C., and two counts of willfully subscribing to a
false tax return in violation of 26 U. S. C..
Sineneng-Smith pleaded guilty to the tax-fraud counts,
App. to Pet. for Cert. 78a -- 79a, and did not pursue on appeal
the two mail-fraud counts on which she was ultimately
convicted. We therefore concentrate this description on her
defenses against the charges.
Before trial, Sineneng-Smith moved to dismiss the 
counts. Motion to Dismiss in No. 10 -- cr -- 414 (ND Cal.). She
asserted first that the conduct with which she was
charged -- advising and assisting aliens about labor certifi-
cations -- is not proscribed by (1)(A)(iv) and (B)(i).
Being hired to file lawful applications on behalf of aliens
already residing in the United States, she maintained, did
not "encourage" or "induce" them to remain in this country.
Id., at 7 -- 13. Next, she urged, alternatively, that clause (iv)
is unconstitutionally vague and therefore did not provide
fair notice that her conduct was prohibited, id., at 13 -- 18, or
should rank as a content-based restraint on her speech, id.,
at 22 -- 24. She further asserted that she has a right safe-
guarded to her by the Petition and Free Speech Clauses of
the First Amendment to file applications on her clients' be-
half. Id., at 20 -- 25. Nowhere did she so much as hint that
the statute is infirm, not because her own conduct is pro-
tected, but because it trenches on the First Amendment
sheltered expression of others.
The District Court denied the motion to dismiss,
holding that Sineneng-Smith could "encourag[e]" nonciti-
zens to remain in the country, within the meaning of
(1)(A)(iv), "[b]y suggesting to [them] that the appli-
cations she would make on their behalf, in exchange for
their payments, would allow them to eventually obtain
6 UNITED STATES v. SINENENG-SMITH

Opinion of the Court

legal permanent residency in the United States." App. to
Pet. for Cert. 73a. The court also rejected Sineneng-Smith's
constitutional arguments, reasoning that she was prose-
cuted, not for filing clients' applications, but for falsely rep-
resenting to noncitizens that her efforts, for which she col-
lected sizable fees, would enable them to gain lawful status.
Id., at 75a.
After a 12-day trial, the jury found Sineneng-Smith guilty
on the three counts charged in the indictment, along
with the three mail-fraud counts. App. 118 -- 121. Sineneng-
Smith then moved for a judgment of acquittal. She re-
newed, "almost verbatim," the arguments made in her mo-
tion to dismiss, App. to Pet. for Cert. 65a, and the District
Court rejected those arguments "[f ]or the same reasons as
the court expressed in its order denying Sineneng-Smith's
motion to dismiss," ibid. She simultaneously urged that the
evidence did not support the verdicts. Motion for Judgt. of
Acquittal in No. 10 -- cr -- 414 (ND Cal.), at 1 -- 14. The District
Court found the evidence sufficient as to two of the three
counts and two of the three mail-fraud counts. App.
to Pet. for Cert. 67a.5
Sineneng-Smith's appeal to the Ninth Circuit from the
District Court's convictions commenced unremarka-
bly. On brief and at oral argument, she reasserted the self-
regarding arguments twice rehearsed, initially in her mo-
tion to dismiss, and later in her motion for acquittal. Brief
for Appellant in No. 15 -- 10614 (CA9), at 9 -- 27, 35 -- 41;
Recording of Oral Arg. (Apr. 18, 2017), at 37:00 -- 39:40; see
supra, at 5. With the appeal poised for decision based upon
the parties' presentations, the appeals panel intervened. It
ordered further briefing, App. 122 -- 124, but not from the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The court sentenced Sineneng-Smith to 18 months on each of the re-

maining counts; three years of supervised release on the and mail-
fraud counts; and one year of supervised release on the filing of false tax
returns count, all to run concurrently. She was also ordered to pay
$43,550 in restitution, a $15,000 fine, and a $600 special assessment.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

Opinion of the Court

parties. Instead, it named three organizations -- "the Fed-
eral Defender Organizations of the Ninth Circuit (as a
group)[,] the Immigrant Defense Project[,] and the National
Immigration Project of the National Lawyers Guild" -- and
invited them to file amicus briefs on three issues:
"1. Whether the statute of conviction is overbroad or
likely overbroad under the First Amendment, and if so,
whether any permissible limiting construction would
cure the First Amendment problem?
"2. Whether the statute of conviction is void for
vagueness or likely void for vagueness, either under the
First Amendment or the Fifth Amendment, and if so,
whether any permissible limiting construction would
cure the constitutional vagueness problem?
"3. Whether the statute of conviction contains an
implicit mens rea element which the Court should
enunciate. If so: (a) what should that mens rea element
be; and (b) would such a mens rea element cure any se-
rious constitutional problems the Court might deter-
mine existed?" Ibid.
Counsel for the parties were permitted, but "not re-
quired," to file supplemental briefs "limited to responding
to any and all amicus/amici briefs." Id., at 123. Invited amici and amici not specifically invited to
file were free to "brief such further issues as they, respec-
tively, believe the law, and the record calls for." Ibid. The
panel gave invited amici 20 minutes for argument, and al-
located only 10 minutes to Sineneng-Smith's counsel. Rear-
gument Order in No. 15 -- 10614 (CA9), Doc. No. 92. Of the
three specified areas of inquiry, the panel reached only the
first, holding that (1)(A)(iv) was facially overbroad
under the First Amendment, 910 F. 3d, at 483 -- 485, and
was not susceptible to a permissible limiting construction,
id., at 472, 479.
True, in the redone appeal, Sineneng-Smith's counsel
8 UNITED STATES v. SINENENG-SMITH

Opinion of the Court

adopted without elaboration counsel for amici's over-
breadth arguments. See Supplemental Brief for Appellant
in No. 15 -- 10614 (CA9), p. 1. How could she do otherwise?
Understandably, she rode with an argument suggested by
the panel. In the panel's adjudication, her own arguments,
differently directed, fell by the wayside, for they did not
mesh with the panel's overbreadth theory of the case.
II
No extraordinary circumstances justified the panel's
takeover of the appeal. Sineneng-Smith herself had raised
a vagueness argument and First Amendment arguments
homing in on her own conduct, not that of others. Electing
not to address the party-presented controversy, the panel
projected that (1)(A)(iv) might cover a wide swath
of protected speech, including political advocacy, legal ad-
vice, even a grandmother's plea to her alien grandchild to
remain in the United States. 910 F. 3d, at 483 -- 484.6 Nev-
ermind that Sineneng-Smith's counsel had presented a con-
trary theory of the case in the District Court, and that this
Court has repeatedly warned that "invalidation for [First
Amendment] overbreadth is 'strong medicine' that is not to
be 'casually employed.' " United States v. Williams, (2008) ).
As earlier observed, see supra, at 4, a court is not hide-
bound by the precise arguments of counsel, but the Ninth
Circuit's radical transformation of this case goes well be-
yond the pale.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The Solicitor General maintained that the statute does not reach pro-

tected speech. Brief for United States 32. In the Government's view,
(1)(A)(iv) should be construed to prohibit only speech facilitating
or soliciting illegal activity, thus falling within the exception to the First
Amendment for speech integral to criminal conduct. Id., at 22 -- 26, 31
).
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

Opinion of the Court

* * *
For the reasons stated, we vacate the Ninth Circuit's
judgment and remand the case for reconsideration shorn of
the overbreadth inquiry interjected by the appellate panel
and bearing a fair resemblance to the case shaped by the
parties.
It is so ordered.
10 UNITED STATES v. SINENENG-SMITH

Opinion
Addendum of the Court
to opinion of the Court

Addendum of cases, 2015 -- 2020, in which this Court
called for supplemental briefing or appointed
amicus curiae

This Court has sought supplemental briefing: to deter-
mine whether a case presented a controversy suitable for
the Court's review, Trump v. Mazars USA, LLP, post, p. ___
(ordering briefing on application of political question doc-
trine and related justiciability principles); Frank v. Gaos,
586 U. S. ___ (2018) (ordering briefing on Article III stand-
ing); Wittman v. Personhuballah, (2015)
(same); Docket Entry in Gloucester County School Bd. v.
G. G., O. T. 2016, No. 16 -- 273 (Feb. 23, 2017) (ordering
briefing on intervening Department of Education and De-
partment of Justice guidance document); Kingdomware
Technologies, Inc. v. United States, (2015) (or-
dering briefing on mootness); to determine whether the case
could be resolved on a basis narrower than the question pre-
sented, Zubik v. Burwell, 578 U. S. ___ (2016) (ordering
briefing on whether the plaintiffs could obtain relief with-
out entirely invalidating challenged federal regulations);
and to clarify an issue or argument the parties raised,
Google LLC v. Oracle America, Inc., post, p.___ (ordering
further briefing on the parties' dispute over the standard of
review applicable to the question presented); Babb v.
Wilkie, 589 U. S. ___ (2020) (ordering briefing on an asser-
tion counsel made for the first time at oral argument about
alternative remedies available to the plaintiff ); Sharp v.
Murphy, reported sub nom. Carpenter v. Murphy, 586 U. S.
___ (2018) (ordering briefing on the implications of the par-
ties' statutory interpretations).
In rare instances, we have ordered briefing on a constitu-
tional issue implicated, but not directly presented, by the
question on which we granted certiorari. See Jennings v.
Rodriguez, 580 U. S. ___ (2016) (in a case about availability
of a bond hearing under a statute mandating detention of
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

Opinion
Addendum of the Court
to opinion of the Court

certain noncitizens, briefing ordered on whether the Con-
stitution requires such a hearing); Johnson v. United
States, (2015) (in a case involving interpre-
tation of the Armed Career Criminal Act's residual clause,
briefing ordered on whether that clause is unconstitution-
ally vague). But in both cases, the parties had raised the
relevant constitutional challenge in lower courts; the ques-
tion was not interjected into the case for the first time by
an appellate forum. In Jennings, moreover, the parties'
statutory arguments turned expressly on the constitutional
issue. Jennings v. Rodriguez, 583 U. S. ___ (2018). And in
Johnson, although this Court had interpreted the Act's re-
sidual clause four times in the preceding nine years, there
still remained "pervasive disagreement" in the lower courts
about its application. Johnson v. United States, (2015).
We have appointed amicus curiae: to present argument
in support of the judgment below when a prevailing party
has declined to defend the lower court's decision or an as-
pect of it, Seila Law LLC v. Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau, 589 U. S. ___ (2019); Holguin-Hernandez v. United
States, 588 U. S. ___ (2019); Culbertson v. Berryhill, 584
U. S. ___ (2018); Lucia v. SEC, 583 U. S. ___ (2018); Beckles
v. United States, 579 U. S. ___ (2016); Welch v. United
States, (2016); McLane Co. v. EEOC, 580
U. S. ___ (2016); Green v. Brennan, (2015);
Reyes Mata v. Lynch, reported sub nom. Reyes Mata v.
Holder, (2015); and to address the Court's
jurisdiction to decide the question presented, Montgomery
v. Louisiana, (2015).
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 19 -- 67
_________________

UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. EVELYN
SINENENG-SMITH
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[May 7, 2020]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring.
I agree with the Court that the Ninth Circuit abused its
discretion in reaching out to decide whether 8 U. S. C.
(1)(A)(iv) is unconstitutionally overbroad. In my
view, however, the Court of Appeals' decision violates far
more than the party presentation rule. The merits of that
decision also highlight the troubling nature of this Court's
overbreadth doctrine. That doctrine provides that "a law
may be invalidated as overbroad if 'a substantial number of
its applications are unconstitutional, judged in relation to
the statute's plainly legitimate sweep.' " United States v.
Stevens, (2010) ). Although I have previously
joined the Court in applying this doctrine, I have since de-
veloped doubts about its origins and application. It appears
that the overbreadth doctrine lacks any basis in the Consti-
tution's text, violates the usual standard for facial chal-
lenges, and contravenes traditional standing principles. I
would therefore consider revisiting this doctrine in an ap-
propriate case.
I
This Court's overbreadth jurisprudence is untethered
from the text and history of the First Amendment. It first
2 UNITED STATES v. SINENENG-SMITH

THOMAS, J., concurring

emerged in the mid-20th century. In Thornhill v. Alabama,
(1940), the Court determined that an antipick-
eting statute was "invalid on its face" due to its "sweeping
proscription of freedom of discussion," id., at 101 -- 105. The
Court rejected the State's argument that the statute was
constitutional because it was "limited or restricted in its ap-
plication" to proscribable "violence and breaches of the
peace [that] are the concomitants of picketing." Id., at 105.
Without considering whether the defendant's actual con-
duct was entitled to First Amendment protection, the Court
concluded that the law was unconstitutional because it
"d[id] not aim specifically at evils within the allowable area
of state control but, on the contrary, swe[pt] within its am-
bit other activities that in ordinary circumstances consti-
tute an exercise of freedom of speech or of the press." Id.,
at 97.
Since then, the Court has invoked this rationale to fa-
cially invalidate a wide range of laws, from statutes enacted
by Congress, see, e.g., Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition, (2002), to measures passed by city officials, see,
e.g., Board of Airport Comm'rs of Los Angeles v. Jews for
Jesus, Inc., (1987). These laws covered a va-
riety of subjects, from nudity in drive-in movies, Erznoznik
v. Jacksonville, (1975), to charitable solicita-
tions, Schaumburg v. Citizens for Better Environment, (1980), to depictions of animal cruelty, Stevens,
supra, at 460. And all these laws were considered uncon-
stitutional not because they necessarily violated an individ-
ual's First Amendment rights but "because of a judicial pre-
diction or assumption that the statute's very existence may
cause [some citizens] to refrain from constitutionally pro-
tected [activity]." Broadrick v. Oklahoma, (1973) ; see also Erznoznik, supra, at
216.
Notably, this Court has not attempted to ground its void-
for-overbreadth rule in the text or history of the First
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

Amendment. It did not do so in Thornhill, and it has not
done so since. Rather, the Court has justified this doctrine
solely by reference to policy considerations and value judg-
ments. See New York v. Ferber, -- 769
(1982). It has stated that facially invalidating overbroad
statutes is sometimes necessary because "[First Amend-
ment] freedoms are delicate and vulnerable, as well as su-
premely precious in our society," and thus "need breathing
space to survive."* NAACP v. Button, 
(1963). And, in the context of the freedom of speech, the
Court has justified the overbreadth doctrine's departure
from traditional principles of adjudication by noting free
speech's "transcendent value to all society, and not merely
to those exercising their rights." Dombrowski v. Pfister, (1965).
In order to protect this "transcendent" right, ibid., the
Court will deem a statute unconstitutional when, in "the
judgment of this Court[,] the possible harm to society in per-
mitting some unprotected speech to go unpunished is out-
weighed by the possibility that protected speech of others
may be muted and perceived grievances left to fester be-
cause of the possible inhibitory effects of [the] statut[e]."
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*The Court often discusses the doctrine as applying in the context of
"First Amendment rights" more generally. Broadrick v. Oklahoma, -- 613 (1973); see also NAACP v. Button, 
(1963) (discussing "the First Amendment freedoms"). Such arguments
are typically raised in free speech cases, but the Court has occasionally
entertained overbreadth challenges invoking the freedom of the press,
see, e.g., Thornhill v. Alabama, (1940), and the freedom of
association, see, e.g., Keyishian v. Board of Regents of Univ. of State of
N. Y., (1967). Curiously, however, the Court has never ap-
plied this doctrine in the context of the First Amendment's Religion
Clauses. In fact, the Court currently applies a far less protective stand-
ard to free exercise claims, upholding laws that substantially burden re-
ligious exercise so long as they are neutral and generally applicable. See
Employment Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore. v. Smith, (1990). The Court has never acknowledged, much less explained,
this discrepancy.
4 UNITED STATES v. SINENENG-SMITH

THOMAS, J., concurring

Broadrick, supra, at 612. In other words, the doctrine is
driven by a judicial determination of what serves the public
good. But there is "no evidence [from the founding] in-
dicat[ing] that the First Amendment empowered judges to
determine whether particular restrictions of speech pro-
moted the general welfare." Campbell, Natural Rights and
the First Amendment, 127 Yale L. J. 246, 259 (2017). This
makes sense given that the Founders viewed value judg-
ments and policy considerations to be the work of legisla-
tures, not unelected judges. See Obergefell v. Hodges, (2015) (ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting). Never-
theless, such judgments appear to be the very foundation
upon which this Court's modern overbreadth doctrine was
built.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, the overbreadth doctrine shares
a close relationship with this Court's questionable vague-
ness doctrine. See Johnson v. United States, -- 623 (2015) (THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment). In
fact, it appears that the Court's void-for-overbreadth rule
developed as a result of the vagueness doctrine's applica-
tion in the First Amendment context. For example, this
Court's decision in Thornhill, which is recognized as "the
fountainhead of the overbreadth doctrine," Monaghan,
Overbreadth, 1981 S. Ct. Rev. 1, 11, cited a vagueness prec-
edent in support of its overbreadth analysis. 310 U. S., at
96 ). And the decision expressed concerns regarding the
antipicketing statute's "vague" terms with "no ascertaina-
ble meaning" and their resulting potential for "discrimina-
tory enforcement." Thornhill, supra, at 97 -- 98, 100 -- 101; cf.
Chicago v. Morales, (1999) (opinion of Ste-
vens, J.). As the overbreadth doctrine has developed, it has
"almost wholly merged" with the vagueness doctrine as ap-
plied to "statutes covering [F]irst [A]mendment activities."
Sargentich, Note, The First Amendment Overbreadth Doc-
trine, 83 Harv. L. Rev. 844, 873 (1970). Given the dubious
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring

origins of the vagueness doctrine, I find this shared history
"unsettling." Johnson, supra, at 621 (opinion of THOMAS,
J.).
II
In addition to its questionable origins, the overbreadth
doctrine violates the usual standard for facial challenges.
Typically, this Court will deem a statute unconstitutional
on its face only if "no set of circumstances exists under
which the Act would be valid." United States v. Salerno,
(1987). But the overbreadth doctrine em-
powers courts to hold statutes facially unconstitutional
even when they can be validly applied in numerous circum-
stances, including the very case before the court.
By lowering the bar for facial challenges in the First
Amendment context, the overbreadth doctrine exacerbates
the many pitfalls of what is already a "disfavored" method
of adjudication. Washington State Grange, 552 U. S., at
450. "[U]nder our constitutional system[,] courts are not
roving commissions assigned to pass judgment on the va-
lidity of the Nation's laws." Broadrick, 413 U. S., at 610 -- 
611. But when a court entertains -- or in this case, seeks
out -- an overbreadth challenge, it casts aside the "judicial
restraint" necessary to avoid " 'premature' " and " 'unneces-
sary pronouncement[s] on constitutional issues.' " Wash-
ington State Grange, supra, at 450 ). This principle of re-
straint has long served as a fundamental limit on the scope
of judicial power. See Liverpool, New York & Philadelphia
S. S. Co. v. Commissioners of Emigration, 
(1885). "[T]here is good evidence that courts [in the early
Republic] understood judicial review to consist [simply] 'of
a refusal to give a statute effect as operative law in resolv-
ing a case' " once that statute was determined to be uncon-
stitutional. Johnson, supra, at 615 (opinion of THOMAS, J.)
). Thus, our "modern practice of
strik[ing] down" legislation as facially unconstitutional
bears little resemblance to the practices of 18th and 19th
century courts. Johnson, supra, at 615 (opinion of THOMAS,
J.) ; see also Mitchell,
The Writ-of-Erasure Fallacy, 104 Va. L. Rev. 933, 936
(2018) ("[F]ederal courts have no authority to erase a duly
enacted law from the statute books").
Moreover, by relaxing the standard for facial challenges,
the overbreadth doctrine encourages "speculat[ion]" about
" 'imaginary' cases," Washington State Grange, supra, at
450, and "summon[s] forth an
endless stream of fanciful hypotheticals," United States v.
Williams, (2008). And, when a court in-
validates a statute based on its theoretical, illicit applica-
tions at the expense of its real-world, lawful applications,
the court "threaten[s] to short circuit the democratic pro-
cess by preventing laws embodying the will of the people
from being implemented in a manner consistent with the
Constitution." Washington State Grange, supra, at 451.
Collaterally, this Court has a tendency to lower the bar
for facial challenges when preferred rights are at stake.
See, e.g., Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pa. v. Casey,
(1992). This ad hoc approach to constitu-
tional adjudication impermissibly expands the judicial
power and "reduc[es] constitutional law to policy-driven
value judgments." Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt,
579 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) (THOMAS, J., dissenting). We ought to "abid[e] by one set of rules to adjudicate
constitutional rights," ibid., particularly when it comes to
the disfavored practice of facial challenges.
III
Finally, by allowing individuals to challenge a statute
based on a third party's constitutional rights, the over-
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

THOMAS, J., concurring

breadth doctrine is at odds with traditional standing prin-
ciples. This Court has long adhered to the rule that "a liti-
gant must assert his or her own legal rights and interests,
and cannot rest a claim to relief on the legal rights or inter-
ests of third parties." Powers v. Ohio, 
(1991); see also Clark v. Kansas City, 
(1900); Owings v. Norwood's Lessee, 5 Cranch 344, 348
(1809) (Marshall, C. J.). The Court has created a "limited"
exception to this rule, allowing third-party standing in cer-
tain cases in which the litigant has "a close relation to the
third-party" and there is a substantial "hindrance to the
third party's ability to protect his or her own interests."
Powers, supra, at 410 -- 411. Litigants raising overbreadth
challenges rarely satisfy either requirement, but the Court
nevertheless allows third-party standing to "avoi[d] making
vindication of freedom of expression await the outcome of
protracted litigation." Dombrowski, 380 U. S., at 487. As I
have previously explained, this Court "has no business cre-
ating ad hoc exceptions so that others can assert rights that
seem especially important to vindicate." Whole Women's
Health, supra, at ___ (THOMAS, J., dissenting).
The overbreadth doctrine's disregard for the general rule
against third-party standing is especially problematic in
light of the rule's apparent roots in Article III's case-or-con-
troversy requirement. Although the modern Court has
characterized the rule as a prudential rather than jurisdic-
tional matter, see Craig v. Boren, (1976),
it has never provided a substantive justification for that as-
sertion. And the Court has admitted that this rule against
third-party standing is "not always clearly distinguished
from the constitutional limitation[s]" on standing, Barrows
v. Jackson, (1953); is "closely related to
Art[icle] III concerns," Warth v. Seldin, 
(1975); and even is "grounded in Art[icle] III limits on the
8 UNITED STATES v. SINENENG-SMITH

THOMAS, J., concurring

jurisdiction of federal courts to actual cases and controver-
sies," Ferber, 458 U. S., at 767,.
These statements find support in a historical under-
standing of Article III. To understand the scope of the Con-
stitution's case-or-controversy requirement, "we must 'refer
directly to the traditional, fundamental limitations upon
the powers of common-law courts.' " Spokeo, Inc. v. Robins,
578 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) (THOMAS, J., concurring) 
(Scalia, J., dissenting)). "Common-law courts imposed dif-
ferent limitations on a plaintiff 's right to bring suit depend-
ing on the type of right the plaintiff sought to vindicate."
Spokeo, 578 U. S., at ___ (THOMAS, J., concurring). "In a suit for the violation of a private right, courts
historically presumed that the plaintiff suffered a de facto
injury [if] his personal, legal rights [were] invaded." Ibid.
Personal constitutional rights, such as those protected un-
der the First Amendment, are "private rights" in that they
" 'belon[g] to individuals, considered as individuals.' " Ibid.
; see also Ferber, supra, at 767 (recognizing "the
personal nature of constitutional rights" as a "cardinal prin-
cipl[e] of our constitutional order"); Hessick, Standing, In-
jury in Fact, and Private Rights, 93 Cornell L. Rev. 275, 287
(2008) (listing "First Amendment rights" as examples of pri-
vate rights provided by the Constitution). Thus, when a lit-
igant challenges a statute on the grounds that it has vio-
lated his First Amendment rights, he has alleged an injury
sufficient to establish standing for his claim, regardless of
the attendant damages or other real-world harms he may
or may not have suffered.
Overbreadth doctrine turns this traditional common-law
rule on its head: It allows a litigant without a legal injury
to assert the First Amendment rights of hypothetical third
parties, so long as he has personally suffered a real-world
injury. See Broadrick, 413 U. S., at 612. In other words,
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

THOMAS, J., concurring

the litigant has no private right of his own that is genuinely
at stake. See Woolhandler & Nelson, Does History Defeat
Standing Doctrine? 102 Mich. L. Rev. 689, 722 -- 723 (2004);
see also Hessick, 93 Cornell L. Rev., at 280 -- 281. At com-
mon law, this sort of "factual harm without a legal injury
was damnum absque injuria and provided no basis for re-
lief." Ibid. Courts adhered to the "obvious" and "ancient
maxim" that one's real-world damages alone cannot "lay the
foundation of an action... if the act complained of does not
violate any of his legal rights." Parker v. Griswold, 17
Conn. *288, *302 -- *303 (1846).
Here, the overbreadth challenge embraced by respondent
on appeal relied entirely on the free speech rights of
others -- immigration lawyers, activists, clergy, and even
grandmothers. This is not terribly surprising given that the
overbreadth arguments were developed by amici organiza-
tions that represent some of these third parties, not by re-
spondent herself. See ante, at 7 -- 8. Although it appears
respondent lacked standing on appeal to assert the rights
of individuals not before the court, she did have standing to
seek relief for alleged violations of her own constitutional
rights, which she raised before the Ninth Circuit comman-
deered her appeal. On remand, the Court of Appeals will
be well within the bounds of its Article III jurisdiction in
considering these narrower arguments.
* * *
The overbreadth doctrine appears to be the handiwork of
judges, based on the misguided "notion that some constitu-
tional rights demand preferential treatment." Whole
Woman's Health, 579 U. S., at ___ (THOMAS, J., dissenting). It seemingly lacks any basis in the text or
history of the First Amendment, relaxes the traditional
standard for facial challenges, and violates Article III prin-
ciples regarding judicial power and standing. In an appro-
priate case, we should consider revisiting this doctrine.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.*
Inter partes review is an administrative process in which
a patent challenger may ask the U. S. Patent and Trade-
mark Office (PTO) to reconsider the validity of earlier
granted patent claims. This case concerns a statutorily pre-
scribed limitation of the issues a party may raise on appeal
from an inter partes review proceeding.
When presented with a request for inter partes review,
the agency must decide whether to institute review. 35
U. S. C.. Among other conditions set by statute, if the
request comes more than a year after suit against the re-
questing party for patent infringement, "[a]n inter partes
review may not be instituted.". "The determination
by the [PTO] Director whether to institute an inter partes
review under this section shall be final and nonappealable.".†
In this case, the agency instituted inter partes review in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*JUSTICE THOMAS and JUSTICE ALITO join all but Part III -- C of this
opinion.
† Key statutory provisions are reproduced in an appendix to this opin-
ion.
2 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

response to a petition from Thryv, Inc., resulting in the can-
cellation of several patent claims. Patent owner Click-to-
Call Technologies, LP, appealed, contending that Thryv's
petition was untimely under.
The question before us: Does 's bar on judicial re-
view of the agency's decision to institute inter partes review
preclude Click-to-Call's appeal? Our answer is yes. The
agency's application of 's time limit, we hold, is
closely related to its decision whether to institute inter
partes review and is therefore rendered nonappealable by.
I
The Patent and Trademark Office has several ways "to
reexamine -- and perhaps cancel -- a patent claim that it had
previously allowed." Cuozzo Speed Technologies, LLC v.
Lee, 579 U. S. ___, ___ (2016). Congress es-
tablished the procedure at issue here, inter partes review,
in the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (AIA), 125 Stat.
284, enacted in 2011. See 35 U. S. C. et seq. Inter
partes review allows third parties to challenge patent
claims on grounds of invalidity specified by statute..
For inter partes review to proceed, the agency must agree
to institute review.. Any person who is not the pat-
ent's owner may file a petition requesting inter partes re-
view.. The patent owner may oppose institution of
inter partes review, asserting the petition's "failure... to
meet any requirement of this chapter.".
The AIA sets out prerequisites for institution. Among
them, "[t]he Director may not authorize an inter partes re-
view to be instituted unless the Director determines...
that there is a reasonable likelihood that the petitioner
would prevail with respect to at least 1 of the claims chal-
lenged in the petition.". Most pertinent to this case,
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of the Court

"[a]n inter partes review may not be instituted if the peti-
tion requesting the proceeding is filed more than 1 year af-
ter the date on which the petitioner, real party in interest,
or privy of the petitioner is served with a complaint alleging
infringement of the patent.".
After receiving the petition and any response, the PTO
"Director shall determine whether to institute an inter
partes review under this chapter.". The Director
has delegated institution authority to the Patent Trial and
Appeal Board (Board). 37 CFR.4(a) (2019). As just
noted, the federal agency's "determination... whether to
institute an inter partes review under this section" is "final
and nonappealable." 35 U. S. C..
Upon electing to institute inter partes review, the Board
conducts a proceeding to evaluate the challenged claims' va-
lidity. See. At the conclusion of the proceeding -- if
review "is instituted and not dismissed" -- the Board "is-
sue[s] a final written decision with respect to the patenta-
bility of " the challenged claims.. "A party dissatis-
fied with the final written decision... may appeal the
decision" to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit..
II
Respondent Click-to-Call owns a patent relating to a
technology for anonymous telephone calls, U. S. Patent No.
5,818,836 ('836 patent). In 2013, petitioner Thryv sought
inter partes review, challenging several of the patent's
claims.1
In opposition, Click-to-Call urged that barred in-
stitution of inter partes review because Thryv filed its peti-
tion too late. Click-to-Call pointed to an infringement suit
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 More precisely, the petition was filed by four companies, including

YellowPages.com, LLC, and Ingenio, LLC. Through "a series of mergers,
sales, and name changes," both became Thryv. Brief for Petitioner 8.
For simplicity, we refer to Thryv and its predecessor entities as "Thryv."
4 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

filed in 2001, which ended in a voluntary dismissal without
prejudice.2 In Click-to-Call's view, that 2001 suit started
's one-year clock, making the 2013 petition
untimely.
The Board disagreed. Section 315(b) did not bar the in-
stitution of inter partes review, the Board concluded, be-
cause a complaint dismissed without prejudice does not
trigger 's one-year limit. Finding no other barrier to
institution, the Board decided to institute review. After
proceedings on the merits, the Board issued a final written
decision reiterating its rejection of Click-to-Call's 
argument and canceling 13 of the patent's claims as obvious
or lacking novelty.
Click-to-Call appealed, challenging only the Board's de-
termination that did not preclude inter partes re-
view. The Court of Appeals dismissed the appeal for lack of
jurisdiction, agreeing with Thryv and the Director (who in-
tervened on appeal) that 's bar on appeal of the in-
stitution decision precludes judicial review of the agency's
application of. Citing our intervening decision in
Cuozzo, see infra, at 6 -- 7, we granted certiorari, vacated the
judgment, and remanded. Click-to-Call Technologies, LP v.
Oracle Corp., 579 U. S. ___ (2016). On remand, the Court
of Appeals again dismissed the appeal on the same ground.
Thereafter, in another case, the en banc Federal Circuit
held that "time-bar determinations under are ap-
pealable" notwithstanding. Wi-Fi One, LLC v.
Broadcom Corp., 878 F. 3d 1364, 1367 (2018). The majority
opinion construed 's reference to the determination
whether to institute inter partes review "under this section"
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The 2001 suit was brought by Inforocket.Com, Inc. -- then the exclu-

sive licensee of the '836 patent -- against Keen, Inc. See Inforocket.Com,
Inc. v. Keen, Inc., No. 1:01 -- cv -- 05130 (SDNY). While the suit was pend-
ing, Keen acquired Inforocket and the District Court dismissed the suit
without prejudice. By the time of the inter partes review petition, Keen
had become Ingenio (now Thryv).
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of the Court

as trained on the likelihood-of-success requirement stated
in. Id., at 1372. The timeliness
determination, the majority concluded, "is not 'closely
related' to the institution decision addressed in."
Id., at 1374 ). The majority therefore held that for appeals,
does not displace the usual presumption favoring
judicial review of agency action. Wi-Fi One, 878 F. 3d, at
1374 -- 1375. In a concurring opinion, Judge O'Malley
emphasized a "simpler" basis for the same conclusion. Id.,
at 1375. In her view, shields from review only the
agency's assessment of a petition's "substantive adequacy,"
not questions about the agency's "authority to act." Id., at
1376.
Judge Hughes, joined by Judges Lourie, Bryson, and Dyk,
dissented, expressing a position that today's dissent
characterizes as "extraordinary." Post, at 6. Those judges
concluded that conveys Congress' "clear and
unmistakable" "intent to prohibit judicial review of the
Board's [inter partes review] institution decision." Wi-Fi
One, 878 F. 3d, at 1378. That prohibition applies to 
issues, the Federal Circuit dissenters maintained, because
"describes when an [inter partes review] may be
'instituted.' " Id., at 1377, 1378 -- 1379 ).
In light of its en banc decision in Wi-Fi One, the Court of
Appeals granted panel rehearing in this case. Treating the
Board's application of as judicially reviewable, the
panel's revised opinion held that the Board erred by insti-
tuting review. The petition for inter partes review here was
untimely, the Court of Appeals held, because the 2001 in-
fringement complaint, though dismissed without prejudice,
started the one-year clock under.3 The court there-
fore vacated the Board's final written decision, which had

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 A footnote in the panel's opinion noted that the Court of Appeals sit-
6 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

invalidated 13 of Click-to-Call's claims for want of the req-
uisite novelty and nonobviousness, and remanded with in-
structions to dismiss.
We granted certiorari to resolve the reviewability issue,
587 U. S. ___ (2019), and now vacate the Federal Circuit's
judgment and remand with instructions to dismiss the ap-
peal for lack of appellate jurisdiction.
III
A
To determine whether precludes judicial review
of the agency's application of 's time prescription, we
begin by defining 's scope. Section 314(d)'s text ren-
ders "final and nonappealable" the "determination by the
Director whether to institute an inter partes review under
this section.". That language in-
dicates that a party generally cannot contend on appeal
that the agency should have refused "to institute an inter
partes review."
We held as much in Cuozzo. There, a party contended on
appeal that the agency should have refused to institute in-
ter partes review because the petition failed (3)'s re-
quirement that the grounds for challenging patent claims
must be identified "with particularity." 579 U. S., at ___. This
"contention that the Patent Office unlawfully initiated its
agency review is not appealable," we held, for "that is what
says." Id., at ___. Section 314(d), we
explained, "preclud[es] review of the Patent Office's institu-
tion decisions" with sufficient clarity to overcome the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
ting en banc had considered and agreed with the panel majority's conclu-
sion that a complaint voluntarily dismissed without prejudice can trigger
's time bar. Click-to-Call Technologies, LP v. Ingenio, Inc., 899
F. 3d 1321, 1328, (CA Fed. 2018). On that issue, Judge Taranto is-
sued a concurring opinion, id., at 1343 -- 1347, and Judge Dyk, joined by
Judge Lourie, issued a dissenting opinion, id., at 1350 -- 1355. That ques-
tion is outside the scope of our review.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

Opinion of the Court

" 'strong presumption' in favor of judicial review." Id., at
___ -- ___ ( -- 11) ). See Cuozzo, 579 U. S.,
at ___ -- ___ ( -- 11) (finding " 'clear and convincing'
indications... that Congress intended to bar review" (quot-
ing Block v. Community Nutrition Institute, -- 350 (1984))).
We reserved judgment in Cuozzo, however, on whether
would bar appeals reaching well beyond the deci-
sion to institute inter partes review. 579 U. S., at ___. We declined to "decide the precise effect of
on," for example, "appeals that implicate constitu-
tional questions." Ibid. Instead, we defined the bounds of
our holding this way: "[O]ur interpretation applies where
the grounds for attacking the decision to institute inter
partes review consist of questions that are closely tied to
the application and interpretation of statutes related to the
Patent Office's decision to initiate inter partes review."
Ibid.
B
We therefore ask whether a challenge based on 
ranks as an appeal of the agency's decision "to institute an
inter partes review.". We need not venture beyond
Cuozzo's holding that bars review at least of mat-
ters "closely tied to the application and interpretation of
statutes related to" the institution decision, 579 U. S., at
___, for a challenge easily meets that
measurement.
Section 315(b)'s time limitation is integral to, indeed a
condition on, institution. After all, sets forth a cir-
cumstance in which "[a]n inter partes review may not be
instituted." Even Click-to-Call and the Court of Appeals
recognize that governs institution. See Brief for Re-
spondent Click-to-Call 1 ( is "a clear limit on the
Board's institution authority"); Wi-Fi One, 878 F. 3d, at
8 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

1373 (" controls the Director's authority to institute
[inter partes review]").
Because expressly governs institution and noth-
ing more, a contention that a petition fails under is
a contention that the agency should have refused "to insti-
tute an inter partes review.". A challenge to a pe-
tition's timeliness under thus raises "an ordinary
dispute about the application of " an institution-related
statute. Cuozzo, 579 U. S., at ___. In this
case as in Cuozzo, therefore, overcomes the pre-
sumption favoring judicial review.4
C
The AIA's purpose and design strongly reinforce our con-
clusion. By providing for inter partes review, Congress,
concerned about overpatenting and its diminishment of
competition, sought to weed out bad patent claims effi-
ciently. See id., at ___ ; H. R. Rep. No. 112 -- 
98, pt. 1, p. 40 (2011) ("The legislation is designed to estab-
lish a more efficient and streamlined patent system that
will improve patent quality and limit unnecessary and
counterproductive litigation costs.").5
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 We do not decide whether mandamus would be available in an ex-

traordinary case. Cf. Cuozzo Speed Technologies, LLC v. Lee, 579 U. S.
___, ___ -- ___, (2016) (ALITO, J., concurring in part and dissenting in
part) ( -- 6, ).
5 The dissent acknowledges that "Congress authorized inter partes re-

view to encourage further scrutiny of already issued patents." Post, at
14. Yet the dissent, despite the Court's decision upholding the constitu-
tionality of such review in Oil States Energy Services, LLC v. Greene's
Energy Group, LLC, 584 U. S. ___ (2018), appears ultimately to urge that
Congress lacks authority to permit second looks. Patents are property,
the dissent several times repeats, and Congress has no prerogative to
allow "property-taking-by-bureaucracy." Post, at 1, 18 -- 21. But see Oil
States, 584 U. S., at ___ ("patents are public franchises"
). The second look Congress put in
place is assigned to the very same bureaucracy that granted the patent
in the first place. Why should that bureaucracy be trusted to give an
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

Opinion of the Court

Allowing appeals would tug against that objec-
tive, wasting the resources spent resolving patentability
and leaving bad patents enforceable. A successful 
appeal would terminate in vacatur of the agency's decision;
in lieu of enabling judicial review of patentability, vacatur
would unwind the agency's merits decision. See Cuozzo,
579 U. S., at ___. And because a patent owner
would need to appeal on untimeliness grounds only
if she could not prevail on patentability, appeals
would operate to save bad patent claims. This case illus-
trates the dynamic. The agency held Click-to-Call's patent
claims invalid, and Click-to-Call does not contest that hold-
ing. It resists only the agency's institution decision, mind-
ful that if the institution decision is reversed, then the
agency's work will be undone and the canceled patent
claims resurrected.
Other features of the statutory design confirm that Con-
gress prioritized patentability over 's timeliness re-
quirement. A petitioner's failure to satisfy does not
prevent the agency from conducting inter partes review of
the challenged patent claims; the agency can do so at an-
other petitioner's request.. Nor does failure to sat-
isfy prevent the original initiator from participating
on the merits; the -barred party can join a proceed-
ing initiated by another petitioner., (c). And once
inter partes review is instituted, the agency may issue a fi-
nal written decision even "[i]f no petitioner remains in the
inter partes review.". It is unsurprising that a stat-
utory scheme so consistently elevating resolution of patent-
ability above a petitioner's compliance with would
exclude appeals, thereby preserving the Board's ad-
judication of the merits.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
honest count on first view, but a jaundiced one on second look? See post,
at 19 -- 20.
10 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

Judicial review of rulings, moreover, would do lit-
tle to serve other statutory goals. The purpose of,
all agree, is to minimize burdensome overlap between inter
partes review and patent-infringement litigation. Brief for
Petitioner 24; Brief for Federal Respondent 36; Brief for Re-
spondent Click-to-Call 37. Judicial review after the agency
proceedings cannot undo the burdens already occasioned.
Nor are appeals necessary to protect patent claims
from wrongful invalidation, for patent owners remain free
to appeal final decisions on the merits..
IV
Click-to-Call advances a narrower reading of. In
Click-to-Call's view, which the dissent embraces, post, at 6 -- 
18, the bar on judicial review applies only to the agency's
threshold determination under of the question
whether the petitioner has a reasonable likelihood of pre-
vailing. Section 314(d) addresses the "determination by the
Director whether to institute inter partes review under this
section", and, Click-to-Call maintains,
contains "the only substantive determination refer-
enced in" the same section as. Brief for Respondent
Click-to-Call 16. This interpretation, Click-to-Call argues,
supplies a clear rule consonant with the presumption favor-
ing judicial review. Cf. supra, at 4 -- 5 (Federal Circuit's en
banc Wi-Fi One decision).
Cuozzo is fatal to Click-to-Call's interpretation. Section
314(d)'s review bar is not confined to the agency's applica-
tion of, for in Cuozzo we held unreviewable the
agency's application of (3). 579 U. S., at ___ -- ___
( -- 8). Far from limiting the appeal bar to
and "nothing else" as Click-to-Call urges, Brief for
Respondent 29, the Court's opinion in Cuozzo explained
that the bar extends to challenges grounded in "statutes re-
lated to" the institution decision. 579 U. S., at ___.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

Opinion of the Court

The text of offers Click-to-Call no support. The
provision sweeps more broadly than the determination
about whether "there is a reasonable likelihood that the pe-
titioner would prevail.". Rather, it encompasses
the entire determination "whether to institute an inter
partes review.".
And refers not to a determination under subsec-
tion (a), but to the determination "under this section." That
phrase indicates that governs the Director's institu-
tion of inter partes review. Titled "Institution of inter
partes review," is the section housing the command to
the Director to "determine whether to institute an inter
partes review,". Thus, every decision to institute is
made "under" but must take account of specifications
in other provisions -- such as the (3) particularity re-
quirement at issue in Cuozzo and the timeliness re-
quirement at issue here. Similar clarifying language recurs
throughout the AIA. See, e.g., (referring to the Di-
rector's determination regarding "the institution of an inter
partes review under section 314" ); 
(referring to "a petition filed under section 311," the section
authorizing the filing of petitions );
(1) (referring to "a preliminary response to the peti-
tion under section 313," the section authorizing the filing of
preliminary responses to petitions ).
If Congress had intended Click-to-Call's meaning, it had
at hand readymade language from a precursor to :
"A determination by the Director under subsection (a) shall
be final and non-appealable." 35 U. S. C. (2006 ed.)
(governing inter partes reexamination).
Or Congress might have borrowed from a related provision:
"A determination by the Director pursuant to subsection (a)
of this section that no substantial new question of patenta-
bility has been raised will be final and nonappealable." 35
U. S. C. (governing ex parte reex-
12 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

amination). Instead, Congress chose to shield from appel-
late review the determination "whether to institute an inter
partes review under this section.". That departure in language suggests a departure
in meaning. See Henson v. Santander Consumer USA Inc.,
582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017).
Click-to-Call doubts that Congress would have limited
the agency's institution authority in without ensur-
ing judicial supervision. Congress entrusted the institution
decision to the agency, however, to avoid the significant
costs, already recounted, of nullifying a thoroughgoing de-
termination about a patent's validity. See supra, at 8 -- 9.
That goal -- preventing appeals that would frustrate effi-
cient resolution of patentability -- extends beyond 
appeals.
Click-to-Call also contends that we adopted its interpre-
tation of in SAS Institute Inc. v. Iancu, 584 U. S. ___
(2018). Neither of our holdings in that case assists Click-
to-Call, and both holdings remain governing law. SAS In-
stitute first held that once the agency institutes an inter
partes review, it must "resolve all of the claims in the case."
Id., at ___. SAS Institute located that rule in, which requires the agency to decide "the patenta-
bility of any patent claim challenged by the petitioner."
Ibid. (emphasis in original; internal quotation marks omit-
ted). SAS Institute next held that did not bar judi-
cial review of 's application. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 14). Our decision explained that "nothing in 
or Cuozzo withdraws our power to ensure that an inter
partes review proceeds in accordance with the law's de-
mands." Id., at ___. That reviewability hold-
ing is inapplicable here, for Click-to-Call's appeal chal-
lenges not the manner in which the agency's review
"proceeds" once instituted, but whether the agency should
have instituted review at all.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 13

Opinion of the Court

Click-to-Call homes in on a single sentence from SAS In-
stitute's reviewability discussion: "Cuozzo concluded that
precludes judicial review only of the Director's 'ini-
tial determination' under that 'there is a "reason-
able likelihood" that the claims are unpatentable on the
grounds asserted' and review is therefore justified." Id., at
___ ). But that sentence's account of Cuozzo is incom-
plete. Recall that Cuozzo itself applied 's appeal bar
to a challenge on grounds other than. See supra, at
10. To understand how far beyond the bar on judi-
cial review extends, we look to the statute and Cuozzo; for
the reasons stated above, they establish that bars
challenges resting on.6

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Defending Click-to-Call's interpretation, the dissent takes a view of

our precedent that neither Click-to-Call nor the Federal Circuit ad-
vances. See post, at 15 -- 18. The dissent does not consider itself bound
by Cuozzo's conclusion that bars appeal of "questions that are
closely tied to the application and interpretation of statutes related to
the Patent Office's decision to initiate inter partes review," 579 U. S., at
___. According to the dissent, that statement is dicta
later repudiated in SAS Institute Inc. v. Iancu, 584 U. S. ___ (2018).
But Cuozzo concerned an appeal resting on a "related statutory sec-
tion": (3). 579 U. S., at ___. That (3)
challenge was tied to institution, the Court explained, for two reasons:
first, because it "attack[ed] a 'determination... whether to institute'
review," id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 8); second, because the (3)
challenge was related to invoking 's condition on institution, id.,
at ___. Cuozzo's recognition that can bar chal-
lenges rooted in provisions other than was hardly "dicta," post,
at 16 -- it was the Court's holding. And SAS Institute purported to adhere
to Cuozzo, not to overrule it. 584 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 14).
The Court in SAS Institute said, specifically, that it discerned "nothing
in... Cuozzo" inconsistent with its conclusion. Id., at ___.
We do not so lightly treat our determinations as dicta and our decisions
as overruling others sub silentio. Nor can we countenance the dissent's
dangerous insinuation that today's decision is not "really" binding prec-
edent. Post, at 17 -- 18 ("[W]ho can say?"); post, at 18 ("Litigants and lower
14 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

V
Click-to-Call presses an alternative reason why the
Board's ruling on its objection is appealable. The
Board's final written decision addressed the issue,
so Click-to-Call argues that it may appeal under,
which authorizes appeal from the final written decision.
But even labeled as an appeal from the final written deci-
sion, Click-to-Call's attempt to overturn the Board's 
ruling is still barred by. Because 's sole of-
fice is to govern institution, Click-to-Call's contention re-
mains, essentially, that the agency should have refused to
institute inter partes review. As explained, makes
that contention unreviewable.
* * *
For the reasons stated, we vacate the judgment of the
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and
remand the case with instructions to dismiss for lack of ap-
pellate jurisdiction.
It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts alike will just have to wait and see."). Lest any "confusion" re-
main, post, at 17, we reaffirm today our holding in Cuozzo: Section 314(d)
generally precludes appeals of the agency's institution decision, includ-
ing, beyond genuine debate, appeals "consist[ing] of questions that are
closely tied to the application and interpretation of statutes related to"
the institution decision. 579 U. S., at ___, ___ (, 11). The
appeal bar, we therefore reiterate, is not limited to the agency's applica-
tion of.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 15

Opinion
Appendix of the of
to opinion Court
the Court

APPENDIX OF KEY STATUTORY PROVISIONS

35 U. S. C. :
"Institution of inter partes review

"(a) THRESHOLD. -- The Director may not authorize
an inter partes review to be instituted unless the Di-
rector determines that the information presented in
the petition filed under section 311 and any response
filed under section 313 shows that there is a reasonable
likelihood that the petitioner would prevail with re-
spect to at least 1 of the claims challenged in the peti-
tion.

"(b) TIMING. -- The Director shall determine whether
to institute an inter partes review under this chapter
pursuant to a petition filed under section 311 within 3
months after -- 
"(1) receiving a preliminary response to the petition
under section 313; or
"(2) if no such preliminary response is filed, the last
date on which such response may be filed.

"(c) NOTICE. -- The Director shall notify the petitioner
and patent owner, in writing, of the Director's determi-
nation under subsection (a), and shall make such notice
available to the public as soon as is practicable. Such
notice shall include the date on which the review shall
commence.

"(d) NO APPEAL. -- The determination by the Director
whether to institute an inter partes review under this
section shall be final and nonappealable."
16 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion
Appendix of the of
to opinion Court
the Court

35 U. S. C. :
"PATENT OWNER'S ACTION. -- An inter partes review
may not be instituted if the petition requesting the pro-
ceeding is filed more than 1 year after the date on
which the petitioner, real party in interest, or privy of
the petitioner is served with a complaint alleging in-
fringement of the patent. The time limitation set forth
in the preceding sentence shall not apply to a request
for joinder under subsection (c)."
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 18 -- 916
_________________

THRYV, INC., FKA DEX MEDIA, INC., PETITIONER v.
CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FEDERAL CIRCUIT
[April 20, 2020]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR joins
as to Parts I, II, III, and IV, dissenting.
Today the Court takes a flawed premise -- that the Con-
stitution permits a politically guided agency to revoke an
inventor's property right in an issued patent -- and bends it
further, allowing the agency's decision to stand immune
from judicial review. Worse, the Court closes the court-
house not in a case where the patent owner is merely un-
happy with the merits of the agency's decision but where
the owner claims the agency's proceedings were unlawful
from the start. Most remarkably, the Court denies judicial
review even though the government now concedes that the
patent owner is right and this entire exercise in property-
taking-by-bureaucracy was forbidden by law.
It might be one thing if Congress clearly ordained this
strange result. But it did not. The relevant statute, the
presumption of judicial review, and our precedent all point
toward allowing, not forbidding, inventors their day in
court. Yet, the Court brushes past these warning signs and,
in the process, carries us another step down the road of ced-
ing core judicial powers to agency officials and leaving the
disposition of private rights and liberties to bureaucratic
mercy.
2 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

I
Our story stretches back to the 1990s, when Stephen Du-
Val invented a system for anonymizing telephone calls. Be-
lieving in the promise of his idea, Mr. DuVal hired an attor-
ney to secure a patent and sought avenues to bring his
invention to market. Initially, both efforts met with suc-
cess. In 1998, Mr. DuVal was awarded a U. S. Patent,
which he licensed to a company called InfoRocket.com, Inc.
But problems soon emerged. In 2001, InfoRocket accused
Ingenio, Inc., a predecessor of today's petitioner Thryv, Inc.,
of infringing Mr. DuVal's patent. The case carried on in
federal district court for more than a year before InfoRocket
and Ingenio decided to merge. The companies then jointly
persuaded the court to dismiss InfoRocket's lawsuit without
prejudice.
Still, the quiet did not last long. Following the merger,
the surviving entity -- for simplicity, call it Thryv -- sought
to turn the tables on Mr. DuVal by asking the Patent Office
to reconsider the validity of his patent in an ex parte reex-
amination. That agency-led process dragged on for four
more years, and ended with a mixed verdict: The Patent
Office canceled a few claims, but amended others and per-
mitted Mr. DuVal to add some new ones too.
Even the ex parte reexamination wasn't enough to put
the parties' disputes to rest. During the reexamination,
Thryv terminated its license with Mr. DuVal and stopped
paying him royalties. But it seems that Thryv continued
using the patented technology all the same. So Mr. Duval
transferred his patent to respondent Click-to-Call Technol-
ogies LP (CTC), which swiftly took the patent back to court.
CTC noted that Thryv couldn't exactly plead ignorance
about this patent, given that the company or its predeces-
sors had previously licensed the patent, been sued for in-
fringing it, and asked the Patent Office to reexamine it.
When it came to Mr. DuVal's patent, CTC alleged, Thryv
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

had done just about everything one can do to a patent ex-
cept invent it.
Thryv responded by opening another new litigation front
of its own. One year after CTC filed its federal lawsuit,
Thryv lodged another administrative petition with the Pat-
ent Office, this time seeking inter partes review. Echoing
some of the same arguments that led to its push for an
ex parte administrative reexamination nine years earlier,
and adding other arguments too, Thryv (again) asked the
agency to cancel Mr. DuVal's patent on the grounds that it
lacked novelty and was obvious. At the same time, Thryv
sought to stay proceedings in CTC's infringement suit.
Thryv argued that the district court should defer to the
newly initiated inter partes review. Like many district
courts facing the prospect of parallel administrative pro-
ceedings, this one obliged.
Why at this late hour did Thryv prefer to litigate before
the agency rather than a federal district court? The
agency's ex parte reexamination years earlier hadn't helped
Thryv much. But since then, Congress had adopted the
Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (AIA), 35 U. S. C. 
et seq. That law created the inter partes review process,
which provides a number of benefits to accused infringers
such as Thryv. Like federal court litigation, inter partes
review holds the advantage of allowing a private party at-
tacking a patent's validity to participate in adversarial pro-
ceedings, rather than rely on the agency to direct its own
investigation as it does in ex parte reexamination. Com-
pare 35 U. S. C. with, 304, 305. Inter partes
review also allows a party challenging a patent all manner
of discovery, including depositions and the presentation of
expert testimony. ; 37 CFR.51 -- 42.65 (2019). At
the same time, the burden of proof is lower -- requiring chal-
lengers like Thryv to prove unpatentability only by a pre-
ponderance of the evidence, rather than under the
clear and convincing standard that usually applies in court.
4 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Microsoft Corp. v. i4i L. P., (2011). Perhaps
most appealing, proceedings take place before the Patent
Trial and Appeal Board, rather than in an Article III court,
so there is no jury trial before a tenure-protected judge, only
a hearing before a panel of agency employees.
Some say the new regime represents a particularly
efficient new way to "kill" patents. Certainly, the numbers
tell an inviting story for petitioners like Thryv. In approx-
imately 80% of cases reaching a final decision, the
Board cancels some or all of the challenged claims.
Patent Trial and Appeal Board, Trial Statistics 10 (Feb.
2020), https://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/documents/
Trial_Statistics_2020_02_29.pdf. The Board has been busy,
too, instituting more than 800 of these new proceedings
every year. See id., at 6.
Still, Thryv faced a hurdle. Inter partes review "may not
be instituted" based on an administrative petition filed
more than a year after "the petitioner, real party in inter-
est, or privy of the petitioner is served with a complaint al-
leging infringement of the patent" in federal court. 35
U. S. C.. So, while Congress sought to move many
cases out of court and into its new administrative process,
it thought patent owners who have already endured long
challenges in court shouldn't have to face another layer of
administrative review. After all, some repose is due inven-
tors. Patents typically last 20 years; what happens to the
incentive to invent if litigation over them lasts even longer
(as it has for Mr. DuVal)? By anyone's estimation, too,
's time bar was sure to pose a special problem for
Thryv. Yes, Thryv had petitioned for inter partes review
one year after being served with CTC's complaint. But
nearly 12 years had passed since Thryv's predecessor and
privy first found itself on the business end of a lawsuit al-
leging that it had infringed Mr. DuVal's patent.
Despite this apparently fatal defect, the Board plowed
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

ahead anyway. No one could dispute that Thryv's predeces-
sor and privy had been "served with a complaint alleging
infringement of the patent" more than a decade earlier. But
that complaint didn't count, the Board declared, because it
was dismissed without prejudice. The Board cited nothing
in suggesting this distinction makes a difference
under the statute's plain terms. Instead, the Board tiptoed
past the problem and proceeded to invalidate almost all of
the patent claims before it, even those the Patent Office it-
self had affirmed in its own ex parte proceeding years be-
fore. No doubt this was exactly what Thryv hoped for in its
second bite at the administrative apple.
Thryv's victory may have taken years to achieve, but it
didn't seem calculated to last long. Predictably, CTC ap-
pealed the Board's interpretation of to the Federal
Circuit. And just as unsurprisingly, the court held that dis-
missed complaints do count as complaints, so Thryv's inter
partes administrative challenge was time barred from the
start. Mr. DuVal's patent had already survived one
ex parte reexamination Thryv instigated. The patent had
been the subject of long and repeated litigation in federal
courts. The agency had no business opening yet another
new inquiry into this very old patent.
But Thryv had one maneuver left. It sought review in
this Court, insisting that Article III courts lack authority
even to say what the law demands. According to Thryv, a
different provision, renders the agency's interpre-
tations and applications of immune from judicial re-
view. So the Board can err; it can even act in defiance of
plain congressional limits on its authority. But, in Thryv's
view, a court can do nothing about it. Enforcement of
's time bar falls only to the very Patent Office offi-
cials whose authority it seeks to restrain. Inventors like
Mr. DuVal just have to hope that the bureaucracy revoking
their property rights will take the extra trouble of doing so
in accordance with law.
6 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

That's the strange place we now find ourselves. Thryv
managed to persuade the Court to grant its petition for
certiorari to consider its extraordinary argument. And
today the Court vindicates its last and most remarkable
maneuver.
II
A
How could insulate from judicial review the
agency's -- admittedly mistaken -- interpretation of an en-
tirely different provision, ? The answer is that it
doesn't.
To see why, look no further than. The statute
tells us that "[t]he determination by the Director whether
to institute an inter partes review under this section shall
be final and nonappealable." So the only thing in-
sulates from judicial review is "[t]he determination" made
"by the Director" "under this section" -- that is, a determina-
tion discussed within. Nothing in the statute insu-
lates agency interpretations of other provisions outside, including those involving.
This arrangement makes sense. Given that 
speaks of "[t]he" determination by the Director "under this
section," it comes as no surprise that the section mentions
just one such "determination." It is found in, where
the Director "determines" whether the parties' initial plead-
ings suggest "a reasonable likelihood" the petitioner will
prevail in defeating at least some aspect of the challenged
patent. And it is easy to see why Congress might make a
preliminary merits assessment like that exempt from fur-
ther view: If the Director institutes a meritless petition, the
Board can summarily affirm the patent's validity. See
; 37 CFR.71 -- 42.73. In any event, the Board is
obligated to render a final -- and judicially reviewable -- de-
cision within a year. 35 U. S. C., 316(a)(11),
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

318(a), 319. So judicial review of the Director's initial ap-
praisal of the merits isn't really eliminated as much as it is
channeled toward the Board's final decision on those mer-
its. That process finds a ready analogue elsewhere in our
law. Much as here, an indicted criminal defendant un-
happy with a grand jury's finding of probable cause isn't
permitted to challenge that preliminary assessment, but
may instead move the court for acquittal after the govern-
ment has presented all its evidence. See Costello v. United
States, (1956); Fed. Rule Crim. Proc.
29(a).
Matters outside are different. Take the provision
before us,. It promises that an inter partes review
"may not be instituted" more than a year after the initiation
of litigation. This stands as an affirmative limit on the
agency's authority. Much like a statute of limitations, this
provision supplies an argument a party can continue to
press throughout the life of the administrative proceeding
and on appeal. Nothing in speaks of a "deter-
mination by the Director," let alone suggests that the
agency's initial ruling on a petition's timeliness is "final and
nonappealable."
To pretend otherwise would invite a linguistic nonsense.
We would have to read 's language speaking of "[t]he"
"determination" "under this section" to include not one de-
termination but two -- and to include not only the determi-
nation actually made under "this section" but also a second
assessment made about the effect of an entirely different
section.
To pretend otherwise would invite a practical nonsense
as well. Because the Director's initial "reasonable likeli-
hood" determination under relates to the merits, it
will be effectively reviewed both by the Board and courts as
the case progresses. But when does the Director's applica-
tion of 's time bar get another look? Under Thryv's
interpretation, a provision that reads like an affirmative
8 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

limit on the agency's authority reduces to a mere sugges-
tion. No matter how wrong or even purposefully evasive,
the Director's assessment of a petition's timeliness is al-
ways immune from review. And even that's not the end of
it. In other cases, the Board has claimed it has the right to
review these initial timeliness decisions, and Thryv seems
content with those rulings. See, e.g., Medtronic, Inc. v. Rob-
ert Bosch Healthcare Systems, Inc., 839 F. 3d 1382 (CA Fed.
2016). So it turns out the company doesn't really want to
make an initial administrative timeliness decisions final; it
just wants to make them unreviewable in court, defying
once more 's plain language and any rational explana-
tion, except maybe as an expedient to win the day's case.
B
Confronting so many problems in the statute's text,
Thryv seeks a way around them by offering a competing ac-
count of the law's operation. While empowers the Di-
rector to make an institution decision, Thryv asserts that
various provisions scattered throughout the chapter -- such
as, 315(a)(1), and 315(b) -- help guide the decision.
And on Thryv's interpretation, all questions related to the
Director's institution decision should be insulated from re-
view, no matter where those rules are found. What about
the fact speaks of insulating only "[t]he" "determina-
tion" "under this section"? Thryv says this language serves
merely to indicate which institution authority is unreview-
able -- namely, the Director's authority to institute an inter
partes proceeding pursuant to, rather than pursuant
to some other provision.
This interpretation, however, makes a nullity of the very
language it purports to explain. Section 314 is the only sec-
tion that authorizes the Director to institute inter partes
review, making it pointless for Congress to tell us that we're
talking about the Director's inter partes review insti-
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

tution authority as opposed to some other inter partes re-
view institution authority. In fact, you can strike "under
this section" from and Thryv's interpretation re-
mains unchanged. That's a pretty good clue something has
gone wrong.
Faced with this problem of surplusage, Thryv alludes to
the possibility that Congress included redundant language
to be "double sure." But double sure of what? Thryv does
not identify any confusion that the phrase "under this sec-
tion" might help avoid. Given the lack of any other provi-
sion, anywhere in the U. S. Code, authorizing anyone to in-
stitute inter partes review, even the most obtuse reader
would never have any use for the clarification supposedly
provided by "under this section" on Thryv's account.
Maybe so, Thryv replies, but we shouldn't worry about
the surplusage here because the AIA contains surplusage
elsewhere. The other putative examples of surplusage
Thryv identifies, however, have no bearing on the provision
now before us. And even a passing glance reveals no sur-
plusage in them either. Consider. It says that "the
Director, in his or her discretion, may join as a party to that
inter partes review any person who properly files a petition
under section 311 that the Director, after receiving a pre-
liminary response under section 313..., determines war-
rants the institution of an inter partes review under section
314." (Emphasis added.) Thryv argues that all these cross-
references are unnecessary. But look closely: Each of
's cross-references does important work to establish
the rules for joinder. Strike the first and the requirements
of a joinder petition become undefined. Strike the second
and it's a mystery what kind of response the patent owner
is entitled to file. Strike the third and the Director's deter-
mination whether to grant joinder becomes standardless.
All of this language has a point to it -- just as "under this
section" does under a faithful interpretation of.
That leaves Thryv only one more tenuous textual lifeline
10 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

left to toss. If Congress had wanted to insulate from review
only "[t]he" "determination" that a petition has a "reason-
able likelihood" of success, the company suggests, Congress
could have spoken of insulating "the determination under
subsection (a)" rather than "the determination under this
section." And Thryv reminds us that Congress used that
latter formulation in nearby and predecessor statutes. See,
e.g., ("[a] determination by the Director pursuant to
subsection (a) of this section... will be final and nonappeal-
able"); (2006 ed.; repealed 2011) ("[a] determination
by the Director under subsection (a) shall be final and
non-appealable").
But so what? One could replace the phrase "my next-door
neighbor to the west" with "my neighbor at 123 Main
Street" (assuming that is her address) and the meaning
would be the same. Likewise, it hardly matters whether
Congress spoke of the "determination" "under this section"
or "under subsection (a)." Either way, our attention is di-
rected within, not beyond,. And what's Thryv's alter-
native? It would have us read language speaking of the Di-
rector's determination "under this section" to encompass
any decision related to the initiation of inter partes review
found anywhere in the AIA -- an entire chapter of the U. S.
Code. That's sort of like reading "my next-door neighbor to
the west" to include "anyone in town." Nor do things get
better for Thryv with a careful assessment of nearby and
predecessor statutes. They reveal that Congress knew ex-
actly how to give broader directions like the one Thryv ima-
gines when it wished to do so. See, e.g., (directing
our attention to the Director's decision whether to institute
inter partes review "under this chapter" rather than "under
this section").
Without any plausible textual or contextual hook for its
position, Thryv finishes by advancing a parade of policy
horribles. It notes that the AIA imposes lots of other con-
straints on inter partes review besides the timing
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

provision now before us. For example, the law bars peti-
tioners who have filed declaratory judgment actions from
challenging the same patent in inter partes review proceed-
ings, (1), and it estops petitioners from seeking other
forms of review once an inter partes proceeding finishes,. If courts are going to review the agency's applica-
tion of, Thryv wonders, are they going to have to
review the agency's application of these other provisions
too?
But we could just as easily march this parade in the op-
posite direction. Even assuming (without deciding) that
Thryv is right and the reviewability of all these provisions
stands or falls together, that seems at least as good an ar-
gument for as against judicial review. If so much more is
at stake, if many more kinds of agency errors could be insu-
lated from correction, isn't that a greater reason to pay as-
siduous attention to the statute's terms? Surely, Thryv's
professed concern for judicial economy supplies no license
to ignore our duty to decide the cases properly put to us in
accord with the statute's terms.
III
This last point leads to another reason why we should re-
ject Thryv's reading of the statute. Even if the company
could muster some doubt about the reach of, it
wouldn't be enough to overcome the "well-settled presump-
tion favoring interpretations of statutes that allow judicial
review of administrative action." McNary v. Haitian Refu-
gee Center, Inc., (1991). As this Court
has long explained, "we will... find an intent to preclude
such review only if presented with clear and convincing ev-
idence." Reno v. Catholic Social Services, Inc., (1993).
The presumption of judicial review is deeply rooted in our
history and separation of powers. To guard against arbi-
trary government, our founders knew, elections are not
12 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

enough: "An elective despotism was not the government we
fought for." The Federalist No. 48, p. 311 (C. Rossiter ed.
1961) (emphasis deleted). In a government "founded on free
principles," no one person, group, or branch may hold all
the keys of power over a private person's liberty or property.
Ibid. Instead, power must be set against power, "divided
and balanced among several bodies... checked and re-
strained by the others." Ibid. As Chief Justice Marshall
put it: "It would excite some surprise if, in a government of
laws and of principle... a department whose appropriate
duty it is to decide questions of right, not only between in-
dividuals, but between the government and individuals," a
statute might leave that individual "with no remedy, no ap-
peal to the laws of his country, if he should believe the claim
to be unjust." United States v. Nourse, 9 Pet. 8, 28 -- 29
(1835).
It should come as an equal surprise to think Congress
might have imposed an express limit on an executive bu-
reaucracy's authority to decide the rights of individuals,
and then entrusted that agency with the sole power to en-
force the limits of its own authority. Yet on Thryv's account,
's command that "inter partes review may not be in-
stituted" would be left entrusted to the good faith of the very
executive officials it is meant to constrain. (Emphasis
added.) We do not normally rush to a conclusion that Con-
gress has issued such " 'blank checks drawn to the credit of
some administrative officer.' " Bowen v. Michigan Academy
of Family Physicians, (1986) ).
That usually may be the case, Thryv counters, but this
statute's unusually modest purpose makes it plausible to
think Congress meant to shield its application from judicial
review. After all, the company submits, is not really
a firm limit on the agency's authority, only a claim pro-
cessing rule. For proof, the company reminds us that
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 13

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

bars challengers who have already spent a year lit-
igating in court from petitioning the agency, but leaves
open the possibility that the agency might still institute in-
ter partes review if a different, eligible petitioner happens
to come along. And this theoretical possibility, Thryv tells
us, suggests that the agency was meant to be allowed to act
as it wants.
But Thryv's reply here is like saying Article III's "case or
controversy" requirement isn't really a limit on the power
of federal courts, because it's always possible that some lit-
igant with a live dispute will come forward and require the
court to settle a particular legal question. The implacable
fact is that nothing in the AIA gives the Director or the
Board freewheeling authority to conduct inter partes re-
view. The statute demands the participation of a real party
in interest, a petitioner who is not barred by prior litigation
and who is willing to face estoppel should he lose.,
315. And if, as seems likely in our case and many others,
no one is willing and able to meet those conditions, the law
does not permit inter partes review. So rather than a claim
processing rule, is both a constraint on the agency's
power and a valuable guarantee that a patent owner must
battle the same foe only once.
Realizing that its textual arguments are too strained to
demonstrate clearly and convincingly that Congress meant
to displace judicial review, Thryv asks us to draw "infer-
ences" from the AIA "as a whole." Brief for Petitioner 16. In particular, the com-
pany tells us that Congress's "overriding purpose" in creat-
ing inter partes review was to "weed out poor quality pat-
ents," and that judicial enforcement of would slow
this progress. Id., at 24 (quotation altered). But to support
its thematic account of the law's goals, Thryv rests on one
thin reed after another -- a House Report here, a floor state-
ment there, and a few quotations from Cuozzo Speed Tech-
nologies, LLC v. Lee, 579 U. S. ___ (2016), that summarize
14 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

these same sources. All the rest is generously filled in by
the company's own account about how inter partes review
ought to work.
That's far from enough. The historic presumption of ju-
dicial review has never before folded before a couple stray
pieces of legislative history and naked policy appeals. Be-
sides, Thryv's submissions cannot withstand the mildest in-
spection even on their own terms. No one doubts that Con-
gress authorized inter partes review to encourage further
scrutiny of already issued patents. But lost in Thryv's tell-
ing about the purposes of the AIA is plenty of evidence that
Congress also included provisions to preserve the value of
patents and protect the rights of patent owners. For exam-
ple, Congress sharply limited the legal grounds that might
be pursued in inter partes review, ; afforded patent
owners an opportunity to respond to petitions prior to insti-
tution, ; and, most relevant today, protected patent
owners from the need to fight a two-front war before both
the Board and federal district court,. Legislating in-
volves compromise and it would be naive to think that, as
the price for their zealous new procedures for canceling pat-
ents, those who proposed the AIA didn't have to accept
some protections like these for patent holders. Yet, Thryv
glides past all these provisions without comment. Worse,
taking the company's argument to its logical conclusion
could render these protections into " 'merely advisory' " fea-
tures of the law. Bowen, 476 U. S., at 671. If adopted,
Thryv's vision of an administrative regime singularly fo-
cused on the efficient canceling of patents could become
self-fulfilling.
A case decided just weeks ago supplies a telling point of
comparison. In Guerrero-Lasprilla v. Barr, 589 U. S. ___
(2020), Congress sought to expedite the removal of aliens
convicted of certain aggravated felonies by foreclosing judi-
cial review of their cases unless they raised "questions of
law." See 8 U. S. C. (2)(C), (D). But the statute
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 15

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

there was ambiguous about mixed questions of law and fact:
Were these (reviewable) questions of law, or (unreviewable)
determinations of fact? Because the statute could be inter-
preted either way, this Court held, the presumption of re-
viewability preserved the aliens' ability to argue mixed
questions on appeal. Today, the textual arguments for
shielding the agency's decision from review are even
weaker, and the same presumption that preserved judicial
review for felons seeking discretionary relief from removal
should do no less work for patent holders seeking to defend
their inventions.
IV
Even if the statute's plain language and the presumption
in favor of review dictate a ruling against it, Thryv finishes
by suggesting we must ignore all that and rule for it anyway
because precedent commands it. Maybe our precedent is
wrong, the company says, but it binds us all the same.
In particular, Thryv points us to Cuozzo. There, the
Court suggested that could preclude review in
cases: (1) where a litigant challenges the Director's reason-
able likelihood of success determination under, or
(2) where a litigant "grounds its claim in a statute closely
related to that decision to institute inter partes review."
579 U. S., at ___. That first path is faithful
to the plain language of. The second appears no-
where in the statute but is, instead, a product of the judicial
imagination. Still, Thryv says, we must follow that path
wherever it leads and, because decisions are
"closely related" to decisions, we shouldn't review
them.
But Cuozzo hardly held so much. In fact, Cuozzo had no
need to explore the second path it imagined, for it quickly
concluded that the argument before it was "little more than
a challenge to the Patent Office's conclusion under,"
16 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

a decision shielded from judicial review under any interpre-
tation of. Id., at ___. So all the dis-
cussion about the reviewability of decisions outside 
turned out to be nothing more than dicta entirely unneces-
sary to the decision. Nor did anything in Cuozzo directly
address decisions, let alone declare them to
be "close enough" to decisions to preclude judicial
review.
That's just the beginning of Thryv's precedent problems,
too. In SAS Institute Inc. v. Iancu, 584 U. S. ___ (2018), an
inter partes review petitioner challenged the Director's
practice of instituting review of some, but not all, of the
claims challenged in a single petition. The government ar-
gued there -- much as Thryv argues today -- that 
shielded this unlawful practice from judicial review. In ad-
vancing this argument, the government seized on the same
language in Cuozzo that Thryv now embraces, claiming
that its opponent's "grounds for attacking the decision...
are closely tied" to the institution decision. Brief
for Federal Respondent in SAS Institute Inc. v. Iancu, O. T.
2017, No. 16 -- 969, p. 13. Because no one could say that the
petitioner's argument in SAS Institute was "little more than
a challenge to the Patent Office's conclusion under,"
584 U. S., at ___, we were forced to confront
whether Cuozzo and the relevant statutes actually barred
not just institution decisions under but things
"closely related" to them.
We held they did not. We began, as we did in Cuozzo, by
noting the "strong presumption in favor of judicial review."
SAS Institute, 584 U. S., at ___. We then put an end to any doubt
about what the dicta in that case might mean: "Given the
strength of this presumption and the statute's text, Cuozzo
concluded that precludes judicial review only of the
Director's 'initial determination' under." Ibid.
; emphasis
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 17

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

added). We did not need to overrule Cuozzo, because the
language the government seized upon from that opinion
was dicta from the start. Still, we made it clear that dicta's
day had come: To read Cuozzo as "foreclosing judicial re-
view of any legal question bearing on the institution deci-
sion," we explained, would "overrea[d] both the statute and
our precedent." SAS Institute, 584 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 13). The petitioner's challenge to the Director's
partial institution practice could go forward exactly because
it was something other than a disagreement about the Di-
rector's initial determination under. Id., at ___ -- ___
( -- 14).
It's not surprising that litigants would invite us to
overread dicta or overlook an unfavorable precedent. What
is surprising is that the Court would accept the invitation.
In ''cases involving property," after all, "considerations fa-
voring stare decisis are at their acme." Kimble v. Marvel
Entertainment, LLC, (2015). And we are often reminded that
"stare decisis carries enhanced force when a decision... in-
terprets a statute." Id., at 456. But rather than searching
for the kind of "superspecial justification," id., at 458, this
Court supposedly requires to overrule a precedent like SAS
Institute, today's majority quibbles with a few sentences
and quietly walks away. If, as some have worried, "[e]ach
time the Court overrules a case, the Court... cause[s] the
public to become increasingly uncertain about which cases
the Court will overrule," Franchise Tax Bd. of Cal. v. Hyatt,
587 U. S. ___, ___ (2019), (BREYER, J., dis-
senting), one can only imagine what a judicial shrug of the
shoulders like this might yield.
Litigants and lower courts will also have to be forgiven
for the confusion to come about the meaning of 's re-
view bar. Whether it is limited to the determina-
tion (as SAS Institute held and parts of Cuozzo suggested)
or also reaches to challenges grounded in "closely related"
18 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

statutes (as other parts of Cuozzo suggested and the Court
insists today) -- who can say? And even supposing that
"closely related to institution" really is the test we'll apply
next time, does anyone know what this judicially concocted
formulation even means? Despite three opinions interpret-
ing the same provision in under five years, only one thing
is clear: Neither the statute nor our precedent can be
counted upon to give the answer. Litigants and lower
courts alike will just have to wait and see.
V
It's a rough day when a decision manages to defy the
plain language of a statute, our interpretative presump-
tions, and our precedent. But today that's not the worst of
it. The Court's expansive reading of takes us fur-
ther down the road of handing over judicial powers involv-
ing the disposition of individual rights to executive agency
officials.
We started the wrong turn in Oil States Energy Services,
LLC v. Greene's Energy Group, LLC, 584 U. S. ___ (2018).
There, a majority of this Court acquiesced to the AIA's pro-
visions allowing agency officials to withdraw already-issued
patents subject to very limited judicial review. As the ma-
jority saw it, patents are merely another public franchise
that can be withdrawn more or less by executive grace. So
what if patents were, for centuries, regarded as a form of
personal property that, like any other, could be taken only
by a judgment of a court of law. So what if our separation
of powers and history frown on unfettered executive power
over individuals, their liberty, and their property. What the
government gives, the government may take away -- with or
without the involvement of the independent Judiciary. To-
day, a majority compounds that error by abandoning a good
part of what little judicial review even the AIA left behind.
Just try to imagine this Court treating other individual
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 19

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

liberties or forms of private property this way. Major por-
tions of this country were settled by homesteaders who
moved west on the promise of land patents from the federal
government. Much like an inventor seeking a patent for his
invention, settlers seeking these governmental grants had
to satisfy a number of conditions. But once a patent issued,
the granted lands became the recipient's private property,
a vested right that could be withdrawn only in a court of
law. No one thinks we would allow a bureaucracy in Wash-
ington to "cancel" a citizen's right to his farm, and do so de-
spite the government's admission that it acted in violation
of the very statute that gave it this supposed authority. For
most of this Nation's history it was thought an invention
patent holder "holds a property in his invention by as good
a title as the farmer holds his farm and flock." Hovey v.
Henry, 12 F. Cas. 603, 604 (No. 6,742) (CC Mass. 1846)
(Woodbury, J., for the court). Yet now inventors hold noth-
ing for long without executive grace. An issued patent be-
comes nothing more than a transfer slip from one agency
window to another.
Some seek to dismiss this concern by noting that the bu-
reaucracy the AIA empowers to revoke patents is the same
one that grants them. But what comfort is that when the
Constitution promises an independent judge in any case in-
volving the deprivation of life, liberty, or property? Would
it make things any better if we assigned the Department of
the Interior the task of canceling land patents because that
agency initially allocated many of them? The relevant con-
stitutional fact is not which agency granted a property
right, but that a property right was granted.
The abdication of our judicial duty comes with a price.
The Director of the Patent and Trademark Office is a polit-
ical appointee. The AIA vests him with unreviewable au-
thority to institute (or not) inter partes review. Nothing
would prevent him, it seems, from insulating his favorite
firms and industries from this process entirely. Those who
20 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

are not so fortunate proceed to an administrative "trial" be-
fore a panel of agency employees that the Director also has
the means to control. The AIA gives the Director the power
to select which employees, and how many of them, will hear
any particular inter partes challenge. It also gives him the
power to decide how much they are paid. And if a panel
reaches a result he doesn't like, the Director claims he may
order rehearing before a new panel, of any size, and includ-
ing even himself.
No one can doubt that this regime favors those with po-
litical clout, the powerful and the popular. But what about
those who lack the resources or means to influence and
maybe even capture a politically guided agency? Consider
Mr. DuVal, who 25 years ago, came up with something the
Patent Office agreed was novel and useful. His patent sur-
vived not only that initial review but a subsequent admin-
istrative ex parte review, a lawsuit, and the initiation of an-
other. Yet, now, after the patent has expired, it is
challenged in still another administrative proceeding and
retroactively expunged by an agency that has, by its own
admission, acted unlawfully. That is what happens when
power is not balanced against power and executive action
goes unchecked by judicial review. Rather than securing
incentives to invent, the regime creates incentives to curry
favor with officials in Washington.
Nor is it hard to imagine what might lie around the cor-
ner. Despite repeated lawsuits, no court ever ruled defini-
tively on Mr. DuVal's patents. But suppose one had -- and
suppose he had prevailed. According to the agency, even
that judgment might not matter much. In other cases, the
Board has claimed the power through inter partes review
to overrule final judicial judgments affirming patent rights.
In the Director's estimation, it appears, even this Court's
decisions must bow to the Board's will. See XY, LLC v.
Trans Ova Genetics, L. C., 890 F. 3d 1282, 1285 -- 1286,
1294 -- 1295 (CA Fed. 2018); Fresenius USA, Inc. v. Baxter
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 21

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Int'l, Inc., 721 F. 3d 1330, 1340 -- 1344 (CA Fed. 2013). It's
no wonder, then, that district courts sometimes throw up
their hands and let the Board take over whenever inter
partes review and patent litigation begin to overlap. Why
bother with a trial if "the finality of any judgment rendered
by [a] Court will be dubious"? Order Granting Stay in
Click-to-call Technologies LP v. Ingenio, Inc., No. 12 -- cv -- 
00465 (WD Tex.), Doc. No. 147, p. 4.
It's understandable, too, why the agency might think so
much is up for grabs. Not only did this Court give away
much of its Article III authority in Oil States on a mistaken
assessment that patents were historically treated as public
franchises rather than private rights. Some would have
had the Court go even further. Rather than looking to his-
tory to determine how patents were treated, as both the ma-
jority and dissent sought to do, these Members of the Court
suggested that agencies should be allowed to withdraw
even private rights if "a number of factors" -- taken to-
gether, of course -- suggest it's a good idea. Commodity Fu-
tures Trading Comm'n v. Schor, (1986);
see also Oil States, 584 U. S., at ___ (BREYER, J., concur-
ring). These "factors" turn out to include such
definitive and easily balanced considerations as the "nature
of the claim," the "nature of the non-Article III tribunal,"
and the "nature and importance of the legislative purpose
served by the grant of adjudicatory authority to a tribunal
with judges who lack Article III's tenure and compensation
protections." Stern v. Marshall, (2011)
(BREYER, J., dissenting). In other words, Article III prom-
ises that a person's private rights may be taken only in pro-
ceedings before an independent judge, unless the govern-
ment's goals would be better served by a judge who isn't so
independent.
Thryv seeks to assure us that affected parties can still file
writs of mandamus in courts if the Patent Office gets really
22 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

out of hand. But the Court today will not say whether man-
damus is available where the bar applies, and the
Federal Circuit has cast doubt on that possibility. In re
Power Integrations, Inc., 899 F. 3d 1316, 1319 (2018) ("We
have held that the statutory prohibition on appeals from
decisions not to institute inter partes review cannot be side-
stepped simply by styling the request for review as a peti-
tion for mandamus"); In re Procter & Gamble Co., 749 F. 3d
1376 (2014); In re Dominion Dealer Solutions, LLC., 749
F. 3d 1379 (2014). Even assuming mandamus is available,
it is a "drastic [remedy], to be invoked only in extraordinary
situations." Kerr v. United States Dist. Court for Northern
Dist. of Cal., (1976). To be eligible for
this discretionary relief, a petitioner must first show a
"clear and indisputable" right. Id., at 403 (internal quota-
tion marks omitted). But how often could a litigant show
such a "clear and indisputable" right in an area where
courts shirk their duty to say what the law is in the first
place? And how would a court find the will to call a situa-
tion "extraordinary" once the agency has been free for so
long to ignore the limits on its power? If the case before us
doesn't qualify as "extraordinary," and if the Board's admit-
ted flouting of isn't "clear and indisputable," then
what extralegal act wouldn't be just another day at the
office?
*
Two years ago, this Court sanctioned a departure from
the constitutional plan, one in which the Executive Branch
assumed responsibilities long reserved to the Judiciary. In
so doing, we denied inventors the right to have their claims
tried before independent judges and juries. Today we com-
pound that error, not only requiring patent owners to try
their disputes before employees of a political branch, but
limiting their ability to obtain judicial review when those
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 23

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

same employees fail or refuse to comply with the law. Noth-
ing in the statute commands this result, and nothing in the
Constitution permits it. Respectfully, I dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.*
Inter partes review is an administrative process in which
a patent challenger may ask the U. S. Patent and Trade-
mark Office (PTO) to reconsider the validity of earlier
granted patent claims. This case concerns a statutorily pre-
scribed limitation of the issues a party may raise on appeal
from an inter partes review proceeding.
When presented with a request for inter partes review,
the agency must decide whether to institute review. 35
U. S. C.. Among other conditions set by statute, if the
request comes more than a year after suit against the re-
questing party for patent infringement, "[a]n inter partes
review may not be instituted.". "The determination
by the [PTO] Director whether to institute an inter partes
review under this section shall be final and nonappealable.".†
In this case, the agency instituted inter partes review in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*JUSTICE THOMAS and JUSTICE ALITO join all but Part III -- C of this
opinion.
† Key statutory provisions are reproduced in an appendix to this opin-
ion.
2 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

response to a petition from Thryv, Inc., resulting in the can-
cellation of several patent claims. Patent owner Click-to-
Call Technologies, LP, appealed, contending that Thryv's
petition was untimely under.
The question before us: Does 's bar on judicial re-
view of the agency's decision to institute inter partes review
preclude Click-to-Call's appeal? Our answer is yes. The
agency's application of 's time limit, we hold, is
closely related to its decision whether to institute inter
partes review and is therefore rendered nonappealable by.
I
The Patent and Trademark Office has several ways "to
reexamine -- and perhaps cancel -- a patent claim that it had
previously allowed." Cuozzo Speed Technologies, LLC v.
Lee, 579 U. S. ___, ___ (2016). Congress es-
tablished the procedure at issue here, inter partes review,
in the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (AIA), 125 Stat.
284, enacted in 2011. See 35 U. S. C. et seq. Inter
partes review allows third parties to challenge patent
claims on grounds of invalidity specified by statute..
For inter partes review to proceed, the agency must agree
to institute review.. Any person who is not the pat-
ent's owner may file a petition requesting inter partes re-
view.. The patent owner may oppose institution of
inter partes review, asserting the petition's "failure... to
meet any requirement of this chapter.".
The AIA sets out prerequisites for institution. Among
them, "[t]he Director may not authorize an inter partes re-
view to be instituted unless the Director determines...
that there is a reasonable likelihood that the petitioner
would prevail with respect to at least 1 of the claims chal-
lenged in the petition.". Most pertinent to this case,
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of the Court

"[a]n inter partes review may not be instituted if the peti-
tion requesting the proceeding is filed more than 1 year af-
ter the date on which the petitioner, real party in interest,
or privy of the petitioner is served with a complaint alleging
infringement of the patent.".
After receiving the petition and any response, the PTO
"Director shall determine whether to institute an inter
partes review under this chapter.". The Director
has delegated institution authority to the Patent Trial and
Appeal Board (Board). 37 CFR.4(a) (2019). As just
noted, the federal agency's "determination... whether to
institute an inter partes review under this section" is "final
and nonappealable." 35 U. S. C..
Upon electing to institute inter partes review, the Board
conducts a proceeding to evaluate the challenged claims' va-
lidity. See. At the conclusion of the proceeding -- if
review "is instituted and not dismissed" -- the Board "is-
sue[s] a final written decision with respect to the patenta-
bility of " the challenged claims.. "A party dissatis-
fied with the final written decision... may appeal the
decision" to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit..
II
Respondent Click-to-Call owns a patent relating to a
technology for anonymous telephone calls, U. S. Patent No.
5,818,836 ('836 patent). In 2013, petitioner Thryv sought
inter partes review, challenging several of the patent's
claims.1
In opposition, Click-to-Call urged that barred in-
stitution of inter partes review because Thryv filed its peti-
tion too late. Click-to-Call pointed to an infringement suit
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 More precisely, the petition was filed by four companies, including

YellowPages.com, LLC, and Ingenio, LLC. Through "a series of mergers,
sales, and name changes," both became Thryv. Brief for Petitioner 8.
For simplicity, we refer to Thryv and its predecessor entities as "Thryv."
4 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

filed in 2001, which ended in a voluntary dismissal without
prejudice.2 In Click-to-Call's view, that 2001 suit started
's one-year clock, making the 2013 petition
untimely.
The Board disagreed. Section 315(b) did not bar the in-
stitution of inter partes review, the Board concluded, be-
cause a complaint dismissed without prejudice does not
trigger 's one-year limit. Finding no other barrier to
institution, the Board decided to institute review. After
proceedings on the merits, the Board issued a final written
decision reiterating its rejection of Click-to-Call's 
argument and canceling 13 of the patent's claims as obvious
or lacking novelty.
Click-to-Call appealed, challenging only the Board's de-
termination that did not preclude inter partes re-
view. The Court of Appeals dismissed the appeal for lack of
jurisdiction, agreeing with Thryv and the Director (who in-
tervened on appeal) that 's bar on appeal of the in-
stitution decision precludes judicial review of the agency's
application of. Citing our intervening decision in
Cuozzo, see infra, at 6 -- 7, we granted certiorari, vacated the
judgment, and remanded. Click-to-Call Technologies, LP v.
Oracle Corp., 579 U. S. ___ (2016). On remand, the Court
of Appeals again dismissed the appeal on the same ground.
Thereafter, in another case, the en banc Federal Circuit
held that "time-bar determinations under are ap-
pealable" notwithstanding. Wi-Fi One, LLC v.
Broadcom Corp., 878 F. 3d 1364, 1367 (2018). The majority
opinion construed 's reference to the determination
whether to institute inter partes review "under this section"
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The 2001 suit was brought by Inforocket.Com, Inc. -- then the exclu-

sive licensee of the '836 patent -- against Keen, Inc. See Inforocket.Com,
Inc. v. Keen, Inc., No. 1:01 -- cv -- 05130 (SDNY). While the suit was pend-
ing, Keen acquired Inforocket and the District Court dismissed the suit
without prejudice. By the time of the inter partes review petition, Keen
had become Ingenio (now Thryv).
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of the Court

as trained on the likelihood-of-success requirement stated
in. Id., at 1372. The timeliness
determination, the majority concluded, "is not 'closely
related' to the institution decision addressed in."
Id., at 1374 ). The majority therefore held that for appeals,
does not displace the usual presumption favoring
judicial review of agency action. Wi-Fi One, 878 F. 3d, at
1374 -- 1375. In a concurring opinion, Judge O'Malley
emphasized a "simpler" basis for the same conclusion. Id.,
at 1375. In her view, shields from review only the
agency's assessment of a petition's "substantive adequacy,"
not questions about the agency's "authority to act." Id., at
1376.
Judge Hughes, joined by Judges Lourie, Bryson, and Dyk,
dissented, expressing a position that today's dissent
characterizes as "extraordinary." Post, at 6. Those judges
concluded that conveys Congress' "clear and
unmistakable" "intent to prohibit judicial review of the
Board's [inter partes review] institution decision." Wi-Fi
One, 878 F. 3d, at 1378. That prohibition applies to 
issues, the Federal Circuit dissenters maintained, because
"describes when an [inter partes review] may be
'instituted.' " Id., at 1377, 1378 -- 1379 ).
In light of its en banc decision in Wi-Fi One, the Court of
Appeals granted panel rehearing in this case. Treating the
Board's application of as judicially reviewable, the
panel's revised opinion held that the Board erred by insti-
tuting review. The petition for inter partes review here was
untimely, the Court of Appeals held, because the 2001 in-
fringement complaint, though dismissed without prejudice,
started the one-year clock under.3 The court there-
fore vacated the Board's final written decision, which had

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 A footnote in the panel's opinion noted that the Court of Appeals sit-
6 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

invalidated 13 of Click-to-Call's claims for want of the req-
uisite novelty and nonobviousness, and remanded with in-
structions to dismiss.
We granted certiorari to resolve the reviewability issue,
587 U. S. ___ (2019), and now vacate the Federal Circuit's
judgment and remand with instructions to dismiss the ap-
peal for lack of appellate jurisdiction.
III
A
To determine whether precludes judicial review
of the agency's application of 's time prescription, we
begin by defining 's scope. Section 314(d)'s text ren-
ders "final and nonappealable" the "determination by the
Director whether to institute an inter partes review under
this section.". That language in-
dicates that a party generally cannot contend on appeal
that the agency should have refused "to institute an inter
partes review."
We held as much in Cuozzo. There, a party contended on
appeal that the agency should have refused to institute in-
ter partes review because the petition failed (3)'s re-
quirement that the grounds for challenging patent claims
must be identified "with particularity." 579 U. S., at ___. This
"contention that the Patent Office unlawfully initiated its
agency review is not appealable," we held, for "that is what
says." Id., at ___. Section 314(d), we
explained, "preclud[es] review of the Patent Office's institu-
tion decisions" with sufficient clarity to overcome the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
ting en banc had considered and agreed with the panel majority's conclu-
sion that a complaint voluntarily dismissed without prejudice can trigger
's time bar. Click-to-Call Technologies, LP v. Ingenio, Inc., 899
F. 3d 1321, 1328, (CA Fed. 2018). On that issue, Judge Taranto is-
sued a concurring opinion, id., at 1343 -- 1347, and Judge Dyk, joined by
Judge Lourie, issued a dissenting opinion, id., at 1350 -- 1355. That ques-
tion is outside the scope of our review.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

Opinion of the Court

" 'strong presumption' in favor of judicial review." Id., at
___ -- ___ ( -- 11) ). See Cuozzo, 579 U. S.,
at ___ -- ___ ( -- 11) (finding " 'clear and convincing'
indications... that Congress intended to bar review" (quot-
ing Block v. Community Nutrition Institute, -- 350 (1984))).
We reserved judgment in Cuozzo, however, on whether
would bar appeals reaching well beyond the deci-
sion to institute inter partes review. 579 U. S., at ___. We declined to "decide the precise effect of
on," for example, "appeals that implicate constitu-
tional questions." Ibid. Instead, we defined the bounds of
our holding this way: "[O]ur interpretation applies where
the grounds for attacking the decision to institute inter
partes review consist of questions that are closely tied to
the application and interpretation of statutes related to the
Patent Office's decision to initiate inter partes review."
Ibid.
B
We therefore ask whether a challenge based on 
ranks as an appeal of the agency's decision "to institute an
inter partes review.". We need not venture beyond
Cuozzo's holding that bars review at least of mat-
ters "closely tied to the application and interpretation of
statutes related to" the institution decision, 579 U. S., at
___, for a challenge easily meets that
measurement.
Section 315(b)'s time limitation is integral to, indeed a
condition on, institution. After all, sets forth a cir-
cumstance in which "[a]n inter partes review may not be
instituted." Even Click-to-Call and the Court of Appeals
recognize that governs institution. See Brief for Re-
spondent Click-to-Call 1 ( is "a clear limit on the
Board's institution authority"); Wi-Fi One, 878 F. 3d, at
8 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

1373 (" controls the Director's authority to institute
[inter partes review]").
Because expressly governs institution and noth-
ing more, a contention that a petition fails under is
a contention that the agency should have refused "to insti-
tute an inter partes review.". A challenge to a pe-
tition's timeliness under thus raises "an ordinary
dispute about the application of " an institution-related
statute. Cuozzo, 579 U. S., at ___. In this
case as in Cuozzo, therefore, overcomes the pre-
sumption favoring judicial review.4
C
The AIA's purpose and design strongly reinforce our con-
clusion. By providing for inter partes review, Congress,
concerned about overpatenting and its diminishment of
competition, sought to weed out bad patent claims effi-
ciently. See id., at ___ ; H. R. Rep. No. 112 -- 
98, pt. 1, p. 40 (2011) ("The legislation is designed to estab-
lish a more efficient and streamlined patent system that
will improve patent quality and limit unnecessary and
counterproductive litigation costs.").5
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 We do not decide whether mandamus would be available in an ex-

traordinary case. Cf. Cuozzo Speed Technologies, LLC v. Lee, 579 U. S.
___, ___ -- ___, (2016) (ALITO, J., concurring in part and dissenting in
part) ( -- 6, ).
5 The dissent acknowledges that "Congress authorized inter partes re-

view to encourage further scrutiny of already issued patents." Post, at
14. Yet the dissent, despite the Court's decision upholding the constitu-
tionality of such review in Oil States Energy Services, LLC v. Greene's
Energy Group, LLC, 584 U. S. ___ (2018), appears ultimately to urge that
Congress lacks authority to permit second looks. Patents are property,
the dissent several times repeats, and Congress has no prerogative to
allow "property-taking-by-bureaucracy." Post, at 1, 18 -- 21. But see Oil
States, 584 U. S., at ___ ("patents are public franchises"
). The second look Congress put in
place is assigned to the very same bureaucracy that granted the patent
in the first place. Why should that bureaucracy be trusted to give an
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

Opinion of the Court

Allowing appeals would tug against that objec-
tive, wasting the resources spent resolving patentability
and leaving bad patents enforceable. A successful 
appeal would terminate in vacatur of the agency's decision;
in lieu of enabling judicial review of patentability, vacatur
would unwind the agency's merits decision. See Cuozzo,
579 U. S., at ___. And because a patent owner
would need to appeal on untimeliness grounds only
if she could not prevail on patentability, appeals
would operate to save bad patent claims. This case illus-
trates the dynamic. The agency held Click-to-Call's patent
claims invalid, and Click-to-Call does not contest that hold-
ing. It resists only the agency's institution decision, mind-
ful that if the institution decision is reversed, then the
agency's work will be undone and the canceled patent
claims resurrected.
Other features of the statutory design confirm that Con-
gress prioritized patentability over 's timeliness re-
quirement. A petitioner's failure to satisfy does not
prevent the agency from conducting inter partes review of
the challenged patent claims; the agency can do so at an-
other petitioner's request.. Nor does failure to sat-
isfy prevent the original initiator from participating
on the merits; the -barred party can join a proceed-
ing initiated by another petitioner., (c). And once
inter partes review is instituted, the agency may issue a fi-
nal written decision even "[i]f no petitioner remains in the
inter partes review.". It is unsurprising that a stat-
utory scheme so consistently elevating resolution of patent-
ability above a petitioner's compliance with would
exclude appeals, thereby preserving the Board's ad-
judication of the merits.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
honest count on first view, but a jaundiced one on second look? See post,
at 19 -- 20.
10 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

Judicial review of rulings, moreover, would do lit-
tle to serve other statutory goals. The purpose of,
all agree, is to minimize burdensome overlap between inter
partes review and patent-infringement litigation. Brief for
Petitioner 24; Brief for Federal Respondent 36; Brief for Re-
spondent Click-to-Call 37. Judicial review after the agency
proceedings cannot undo the burdens already occasioned.
Nor are appeals necessary to protect patent claims
from wrongful invalidation, for patent owners remain free
to appeal final decisions on the merits..
IV
Click-to-Call advances a narrower reading of. In
Click-to-Call's view, which the dissent embraces, post, at 6 -- 
18, the bar on judicial review applies only to the agency's
threshold determination under of the question
whether the petitioner has a reasonable likelihood of pre-
vailing. Section 314(d) addresses the "determination by the
Director whether to institute inter partes review under this
section", and, Click-to-Call maintains,
contains "the only substantive determination refer-
enced in" the same section as. Brief for Respondent
Click-to-Call 16. This interpretation, Click-to-Call argues,
supplies a clear rule consonant with the presumption favor-
ing judicial review. Cf. supra, at 4 -- 5 (Federal Circuit's en
banc Wi-Fi One decision).
Cuozzo is fatal to Click-to-Call's interpretation. Section
314(d)'s review bar is not confined to the agency's applica-
tion of, for in Cuozzo we held unreviewable the
agency's application of (3). 579 U. S., at ___ -- ___
( -- 8). Far from limiting the appeal bar to
and "nothing else" as Click-to-Call urges, Brief for
Respondent 29, the Court's opinion in Cuozzo explained
that the bar extends to challenges grounded in "statutes re-
lated to" the institution decision. 579 U. S., at ___.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

Opinion of the Court

The text of offers Click-to-Call no support. The
provision sweeps more broadly than the determination
about whether "there is a reasonable likelihood that the pe-
titioner would prevail.". Rather, it encompasses
the entire determination "whether to institute an inter
partes review.".
And refers not to a determination under subsec-
tion (a), but to the determination "under this section." That
phrase indicates that governs the Director's institu-
tion of inter partes review. Titled "Institution of inter
partes review," is the section housing the command to
the Director to "determine whether to institute an inter
partes review,". Thus, every decision to institute is
made "under" but must take account of specifications
in other provisions -- such as the (3) particularity re-
quirement at issue in Cuozzo and the timeliness re-
quirement at issue here. Similar clarifying language recurs
throughout the AIA. See, e.g., (referring to the Di-
rector's determination regarding "the institution of an inter
partes review under section 314" ); 
(referring to "a petition filed under section 311," the section
authorizing the filing of petitions );
(1) (referring to "a preliminary response to the peti-
tion under section 313," the section authorizing the filing of
preliminary responses to petitions ).
If Congress had intended Click-to-Call's meaning, it had
at hand readymade language from a precursor to :
"A determination by the Director under subsection (a) shall
be final and non-appealable." 35 U. S. C. (2006 ed.)
(governing inter partes reexamination).
Or Congress might have borrowed from a related provision:
"A determination by the Director pursuant to subsection (a)
of this section that no substantial new question of patenta-
bility has been raised will be final and nonappealable." 35
U. S. C. (governing ex parte reex-
12 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

amination). Instead, Congress chose to shield from appel-
late review the determination "whether to institute an inter
partes review under this section.". That departure in language suggests a departure
in meaning. See Henson v. Santander Consumer USA Inc.,
582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017).
Click-to-Call doubts that Congress would have limited
the agency's institution authority in without ensur-
ing judicial supervision. Congress entrusted the institution
decision to the agency, however, to avoid the significant
costs, already recounted, of nullifying a thoroughgoing de-
termination about a patent's validity. See supra, at 8 -- 9.
That goal -- preventing appeals that would frustrate effi-
cient resolution of patentability -- extends beyond 
appeals.
Click-to-Call also contends that we adopted its interpre-
tation of in SAS Institute Inc. v. Iancu, 584 U. S. ___
(2018). Neither of our holdings in that case assists Click-
to-Call, and both holdings remain governing law. SAS In-
stitute first held that once the agency institutes an inter
partes review, it must "resolve all of the claims in the case."
Id., at ___. SAS Institute located that rule in, which requires the agency to decide "the patenta-
bility of any patent claim challenged by the petitioner."
Ibid. (emphasis in original; internal quotation marks omit-
ted). SAS Institute next held that did not bar judi-
cial review of 's application. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 14). Our decision explained that "nothing in 
or Cuozzo withdraws our power to ensure that an inter
partes review proceeds in accordance with the law's de-
mands." Id., at ___. That reviewability hold-
ing is inapplicable here, for Click-to-Call's appeal chal-
lenges not the manner in which the agency's review
"proceeds" once instituted, but whether the agency should
have instituted review at all.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 13

Opinion of the Court

Click-to-Call homes in on a single sentence from SAS In-
stitute's reviewability discussion: "Cuozzo concluded that
precludes judicial review only of the Director's 'ini-
tial determination' under that 'there is a "reason-
able likelihood" that the claims are unpatentable on the
grounds asserted' and review is therefore justified." Id., at
___ ). But that sentence's account of Cuozzo is incom-
plete. Recall that Cuozzo itself applied 's appeal bar
to a challenge on grounds other than. See supra, at
10. To understand how far beyond the bar on judi-
cial review extends, we look to the statute and Cuozzo; for
the reasons stated above, they establish that bars
challenges resting on.6

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Defending Click-to-Call's interpretation, the dissent takes a view of

our precedent that neither Click-to-Call nor the Federal Circuit ad-
vances. See post, at 15 -- 18. The dissent does not consider itself bound
by Cuozzo's conclusion that bars appeal of "questions that are
closely tied to the application and interpretation of statutes related to
the Patent Office's decision to initiate inter partes review," 579 U. S., at
___. According to the dissent, that statement is dicta
later repudiated in SAS Institute Inc. v. Iancu, 584 U. S. ___ (2018).
But Cuozzo concerned an appeal resting on a "related statutory sec-
tion": (3). 579 U. S., at ___. That (3)
challenge was tied to institution, the Court explained, for two reasons:
first, because it "attack[ed] a 'determination... whether to institute'
review," id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 8); second, because the (3)
challenge was related to invoking 's condition on institution, id.,
at ___. Cuozzo's recognition that can bar chal-
lenges rooted in provisions other than was hardly "dicta," post,
at 16 -- it was the Court's holding. And SAS Institute purported to adhere
to Cuozzo, not to overrule it. 584 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 14).
The Court in SAS Institute said, specifically, that it discerned "nothing
in... Cuozzo" inconsistent with its conclusion. Id., at ___.
We do not so lightly treat our determinations as dicta and our decisions
as overruling others sub silentio. Nor can we countenance the dissent's
dangerous insinuation that today's decision is not "really" binding prec-
edent. Post, at 17 -- 18 ("[W]ho can say?"); post, at 18 ("Litigants and lower
14 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion of the Court

V
Click-to-Call presses an alternative reason why the
Board's ruling on its objection is appealable. The
Board's final written decision addressed the issue,
so Click-to-Call argues that it may appeal under,
which authorizes appeal from the final written decision.
But even labeled as an appeal from the final written deci-
sion, Click-to-Call's attempt to overturn the Board's 
ruling is still barred by. Because 's sole of-
fice is to govern institution, Click-to-Call's contention re-
mains, essentially, that the agency should have refused to
institute inter partes review. As explained, makes
that contention unreviewable.
* * *
For the reasons stated, we vacate the judgment of the
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and
remand the case with instructions to dismiss for lack of ap-
pellate jurisdiction.
It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts alike will just have to wait and see."). Lest any "confusion" re-
main, post, at 17, we reaffirm today our holding in Cuozzo: Section 314(d)
generally precludes appeals of the agency's institution decision, includ-
ing, beyond genuine debate, appeals "consist[ing] of questions that are
closely tied to the application and interpretation of statutes related to"
the institution decision. 579 U. S., at ___, ___ (, 11). The
appeal bar, we therefore reiterate, is not limited to the agency's applica-
tion of.
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 15

Opinion
Appendix of the of
to opinion Court
the Court

APPENDIX OF KEY STATUTORY PROVISIONS

35 U. S. C. :
"Institution of inter partes review

"(a) THRESHOLD. -- The Director may not authorize
an inter partes review to be instituted unless the Di-
rector determines that the information presented in
the petition filed under section 311 and any response
filed under section 313 shows that there is a reasonable
likelihood that the petitioner would prevail with re-
spect to at least 1 of the claims challenged in the peti-
tion.

"(b) TIMING. -- The Director shall determine whether
to institute an inter partes review under this chapter
pursuant to a petition filed under section 311 within 3
months after -- 
"(1) receiving a preliminary response to the petition
under section 313; or
"(2) if no such preliminary response is filed, the last
date on which such response may be filed.

"(c) NOTICE. -- The Director shall notify the petitioner
and patent owner, in writing, of the Director's determi-
nation under subsection (a), and shall make such notice
available to the public as soon as is practicable. Such
notice shall include the date on which the review shall
commence.

"(d) NO APPEAL. -- The determination by the Director
whether to institute an inter partes review under this
section shall be final and nonappealable."
16 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

Opinion
Appendix of the of
to opinion Court
the Court

35 U. S. C. :
"PATENT OWNER'S ACTION. -- An inter partes review
may not be instituted if the petition requesting the pro-
ceeding is filed more than 1 year after the date on
which the petitioner, real party in interest, or privy of
the petitioner is served with a complaint alleging in-
fringement of the patent. The time limitation set forth
in the preceding sentence shall not apply to a request
for joinder under subsection (c)."
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 18 -- 916
_________________

THRYV, INC., FKA DEX MEDIA, INC., PETITIONER v.
CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FEDERAL CIRCUIT
[April 20, 2020]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR joins
as to Parts I, II, III, and IV, dissenting.
Today the Court takes a flawed premise -- that the Con-
stitution permits a politically guided agency to revoke an
inventor's property right in an issued patent -- and bends it
further, allowing the agency's decision to stand immune
from judicial review. Worse, the Court closes the court-
house not in a case where the patent owner is merely un-
happy with the merits of the agency's decision but where
the owner claims the agency's proceedings were unlawful
from the start. Most remarkably, the Court denies judicial
review even though the government now concedes that the
patent owner is right and this entire exercise in property-
taking-by-bureaucracy was forbidden by law.
It might be one thing if Congress clearly ordained this
strange result. But it did not. The relevant statute, the
presumption of judicial review, and our precedent all point
toward allowing, not forbidding, inventors their day in
court. Yet, the Court brushes past these warning signs and,
in the process, carries us another step down the road of ced-
ing core judicial powers to agency officials and leaving the
disposition of private rights and liberties to bureaucratic
mercy.
2 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

I
Our story stretches back to the 1990s, when Stephen Du-
Val invented a system for anonymizing telephone calls. Be-
lieving in the promise of his idea, Mr. DuVal hired an attor-
ney to secure a patent and sought avenues to bring his
invention to market. Initially, both efforts met with suc-
cess. In 1998, Mr. DuVal was awarded a U. S. Patent,
which he licensed to a company called InfoRocket.com, Inc.
But problems soon emerged. In 2001, InfoRocket accused
Ingenio, Inc., a predecessor of today's petitioner Thryv, Inc.,
of infringing Mr. DuVal's patent. The case carried on in
federal district court for more than a year before InfoRocket
and Ingenio decided to merge. The companies then jointly
persuaded the court to dismiss InfoRocket's lawsuit without
prejudice.
Still, the quiet did not last long. Following the merger,
the surviving entity -- for simplicity, call it Thryv -- sought
to turn the tables on Mr. DuVal by asking the Patent Office
to reconsider the validity of his patent in an ex parte reex-
amination. That agency-led process dragged on for four
more years, and ended with a mixed verdict: The Patent
Office canceled a few claims, but amended others and per-
mitted Mr. DuVal to add some new ones too.
Even the ex parte reexamination wasn't enough to put
the parties' disputes to rest. During the reexamination,
Thryv terminated its license with Mr. DuVal and stopped
paying him royalties. But it seems that Thryv continued
using the patented technology all the same. So Mr. Duval
transferred his patent to respondent Click-to-Call Technol-
ogies LP (CTC), which swiftly took the patent back to court.
CTC noted that Thryv couldn't exactly plead ignorance
about this patent, given that the company or its predeces-
sors had previously licensed the patent, been sued for in-
fringing it, and asked the Patent Office to reexamine it.
When it came to Mr. DuVal's patent, CTC alleged, Thryv
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

had done just about everything one can do to a patent ex-
cept invent it.
Thryv responded by opening another new litigation front
of its own. One year after CTC filed its federal lawsuit,
Thryv lodged another administrative petition with the Pat-
ent Office, this time seeking inter partes review. Echoing
some of the same arguments that led to its push for an
ex parte administrative reexamination nine years earlier,
and adding other arguments too, Thryv (again) asked the
agency to cancel Mr. DuVal's patent on the grounds that it
lacked novelty and was obvious. At the same time, Thryv
sought to stay proceedings in CTC's infringement suit.
Thryv argued that the district court should defer to the
newly initiated inter partes review. Like many district
courts facing the prospect of parallel administrative pro-
ceedings, this one obliged.
Why at this late hour did Thryv prefer to litigate before
the agency rather than a federal district court? The
agency's ex parte reexamination years earlier hadn't helped
Thryv much. But since then, Congress had adopted the
Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (AIA), 35 U. S. C. 
et seq. That law created the inter partes review process,
which provides a number of benefits to accused infringers
such as Thryv. Like federal court litigation, inter partes
review holds the advantage of allowing a private party at-
tacking a patent's validity to participate in adversarial pro-
ceedings, rather than rely on the agency to direct its own
investigation as it does in ex parte reexamination. Com-
pare 35 U. S. C. with, 304, 305. Inter partes
review also allows a party challenging a patent all manner
of discovery, including depositions and the presentation of
expert testimony. ; 37 CFR.51 -- 42.65 (2019). At
the same time, the burden of proof is lower -- requiring chal-
lengers like Thryv to prove unpatentability only by a pre-
ponderance of the evidence, rather than under the
clear and convincing standard that usually applies in court.
4 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Microsoft Corp. v. i4i L. P., (2011). Perhaps
most appealing, proceedings take place before the Patent
Trial and Appeal Board, rather than in an Article III court,
so there is no jury trial before a tenure-protected judge, only
a hearing before a panel of agency employees.
Some say the new regime represents a particularly
efficient new way to "kill" patents. Certainly, the numbers
tell an inviting story for petitioners like Thryv. In approx-
imately 80% of cases reaching a final decision, the
Board cancels some or all of the challenged claims.
Patent Trial and Appeal Board, Trial Statistics 10 (Feb.
2020), https://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/documents/
Trial_Statistics_2020_02_29.pdf. The Board has been busy,
too, instituting more than 800 of these new proceedings
every year. See id., at 6.
Still, Thryv faced a hurdle. Inter partes review "may not
be instituted" based on an administrative petition filed
more than a year after "the petitioner, real party in inter-
est, or privy of the petitioner is served with a complaint al-
leging infringement of the patent" in federal court. 35
U. S. C.. So, while Congress sought to move many
cases out of court and into its new administrative process,
it thought patent owners who have already endured long
challenges in court shouldn't have to face another layer of
administrative review. After all, some repose is due inven-
tors. Patents typically last 20 years; what happens to the
incentive to invent if litigation over them lasts even longer
(as it has for Mr. DuVal)? By anyone's estimation, too,
's time bar was sure to pose a special problem for
Thryv. Yes, Thryv had petitioned for inter partes review
one year after being served with CTC's complaint. But
nearly 12 years had passed since Thryv's predecessor and
privy first found itself on the business end of a lawsuit al-
leging that it had infringed Mr. DuVal's patent.
Despite this apparently fatal defect, the Board plowed
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

ahead anyway. No one could dispute that Thryv's predeces-
sor and privy had been "served with a complaint alleging
infringement of the patent" more than a decade earlier. But
that complaint didn't count, the Board declared, because it
was dismissed without prejudice. The Board cited nothing
in suggesting this distinction makes a difference
under the statute's plain terms. Instead, the Board tiptoed
past the problem and proceeded to invalidate almost all of
the patent claims before it, even those the Patent Office it-
self had affirmed in its own ex parte proceeding years be-
fore. No doubt this was exactly what Thryv hoped for in its
second bite at the administrative apple.
Thryv's victory may have taken years to achieve, but it
didn't seem calculated to last long. Predictably, CTC ap-
pealed the Board's interpretation of to the Federal
Circuit. And just as unsurprisingly, the court held that dis-
missed complaints do count as complaints, so Thryv's inter
partes administrative challenge was time barred from the
start. Mr. DuVal's patent had already survived one
ex parte reexamination Thryv instigated. The patent had
been the subject of long and repeated litigation in federal
courts. The agency had no business opening yet another
new inquiry into this very old patent.
But Thryv had one maneuver left. It sought review in
this Court, insisting that Article III courts lack authority
even to say what the law demands. According to Thryv, a
different provision, renders the agency's interpre-
tations and applications of immune from judicial re-
view. So the Board can err; it can even act in defiance of
plain congressional limits on its authority. But, in Thryv's
view, a court can do nothing about it. Enforcement of
's time bar falls only to the very Patent Office offi-
cials whose authority it seeks to restrain. Inventors like
Mr. DuVal just have to hope that the bureaucracy revoking
their property rights will take the extra trouble of doing so
in accordance with law.
6 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

That's the strange place we now find ourselves. Thryv
managed to persuade the Court to grant its petition for
certiorari to consider its extraordinary argument. And
today the Court vindicates its last and most remarkable
maneuver.
II
A
How could insulate from judicial review the
agency's -- admittedly mistaken -- interpretation of an en-
tirely different provision, ? The answer is that it
doesn't.
To see why, look no further than. The statute
tells us that "[t]he determination by the Director whether
to institute an inter partes review under this section shall
be final and nonappealable." So the only thing in-
sulates from judicial review is "[t]he determination" made
"by the Director" "under this section" -- that is, a determina-
tion discussed within. Nothing in the statute insu-
lates agency interpretations of other provisions outside, including those involving.
This arrangement makes sense. Given that 
speaks of "[t]he" determination by the Director "under this
section," it comes as no surprise that the section mentions
just one such "determination." It is found in, where
the Director "determines" whether the parties' initial plead-
ings suggest "a reasonable likelihood" the petitioner will
prevail in defeating at least some aspect of the challenged
patent. And it is easy to see why Congress might make a
preliminary merits assessment like that exempt from fur-
ther view: If the Director institutes a meritless petition, the
Board can summarily affirm the patent's validity. See
; 37 CFR.71 -- 42.73. In any event, the Board is
obligated to render a final -- and judicially reviewable -- de-
cision within a year. 35 U. S. C., 316(a)(11),
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

318(a), 319. So judicial review of the Director's initial ap-
praisal of the merits isn't really eliminated as much as it is
channeled toward the Board's final decision on those mer-
its. That process finds a ready analogue elsewhere in our
law. Much as here, an indicted criminal defendant un-
happy with a grand jury's finding of probable cause isn't
permitted to challenge that preliminary assessment, but
may instead move the court for acquittal after the govern-
ment has presented all its evidence. See Costello v. United
States, (1956); Fed. Rule Crim. Proc.
29(a).
Matters outside are different. Take the provision
before us,. It promises that an inter partes review
"may not be instituted" more than a year after the initiation
of litigation. This stands as an affirmative limit on the
agency's authority. Much like a statute of limitations, this
provision supplies an argument a party can continue to
press throughout the life of the administrative proceeding
and on appeal. Nothing in speaks of a "deter-
mination by the Director," let alone suggests that the
agency's initial ruling on a petition's timeliness is "final and
nonappealable."
To pretend otherwise would invite a linguistic nonsense.
We would have to read 's language speaking of "[t]he"
"determination" "under this section" to include not one de-
termination but two -- and to include not only the determi-
nation actually made under "this section" but also a second
assessment made about the effect of an entirely different
section.
To pretend otherwise would invite a practical nonsense
as well. Because the Director's initial "reasonable likeli-
hood" determination under relates to the merits, it
will be effectively reviewed both by the Board and courts as
the case progresses. But when does the Director's applica-
tion of 's time bar get another look? Under Thryv's
interpretation, a provision that reads like an affirmative
8 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

limit on the agency's authority reduces to a mere sugges-
tion. No matter how wrong or even purposefully evasive,
the Director's assessment of a petition's timeliness is al-
ways immune from review. And even that's not the end of
it. In other cases, the Board has claimed it has the right to
review these initial timeliness decisions, and Thryv seems
content with those rulings. See, e.g., Medtronic, Inc. v. Rob-
ert Bosch Healthcare Systems, Inc., 839 F. 3d 1382 (CA Fed.
2016). So it turns out the company doesn't really want to
make an initial administrative timeliness decisions final; it
just wants to make them unreviewable in court, defying
once more 's plain language and any rational explana-
tion, except maybe as an expedient to win the day's case.
B
Confronting so many problems in the statute's text,
Thryv seeks a way around them by offering a competing ac-
count of the law's operation. While empowers the Di-
rector to make an institution decision, Thryv asserts that
various provisions scattered throughout the chapter -- such
as, 315(a)(1), and 315(b) -- help guide the decision.
And on Thryv's interpretation, all questions related to the
Director's institution decision should be insulated from re-
view, no matter where those rules are found. What about
the fact speaks of insulating only "[t]he" "determina-
tion" "under this section"? Thryv says this language serves
merely to indicate which institution authority is unreview-
able -- namely, the Director's authority to institute an inter
partes proceeding pursuant to, rather than pursuant
to some other provision.
This interpretation, however, makes a nullity of the very
language it purports to explain. Section 314 is the only sec-
tion that authorizes the Director to institute inter partes
review, making it pointless for Congress to tell us that we're
talking about the Director's inter partes review insti-
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

tution authority as opposed to some other inter partes re-
view institution authority. In fact, you can strike "under
this section" from and Thryv's interpretation re-
mains unchanged. That's a pretty good clue something has
gone wrong.
Faced with this problem of surplusage, Thryv alludes to
the possibility that Congress included redundant language
to be "double sure." But double sure of what? Thryv does
not identify any confusion that the phrase "under this sec-
tion" might help avoid. Given the lack of any other provi-
sion, anywhere in the U. S. Code, authorizing anyone to in-
stitute inter partes review, even the most obtuse reader
would never have any use for the clarification supposedly
provided by "under this section" on Thryv's account.
Maybe so, Thryv replies, but we shouldn't worry about
the surplusage here because the AIA contains surplusage
elsewhere. The other putative examples of surplusage
Thryv identifies, however, have no bearing on the provision
now before us. And even a passing glance reveals no sur-
plusage in them either. Consider. It says that "the
Director, in his or her discretion, may join as a party to that
inter partes review any person who properly files a petition
under section 311 that the Director, after receiving a pre-
liminary response under section 313..., determines war-
rants the institution of an inter partes review under section
314." (Emphasis added.) Thryv argues that all these cross-
references are unnecessary. But look closely: Each of
's cross-references does important work to establish
the rules for joinder. Strike the first and the requirements
of a joinder petition become undefined. Strike the second
and it's a mystery what kind of response the patent owner
is entitled to file. Strike the third and the Director's deter-
mination whether to grant joinder becomes standardless.
All of this language has a point to it -- just as "under this
section" does under a faithful interpretation of.
That leaves Thryv only one more tenuous textual lifeline
10 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

left to toss. If Congress had wanted to insulate from review
only "[t]he" "determination" that a petition has a "reason-
able likelihood" of success, the company suggests, Congress
could have spoken of insulating "the determination under
subsection (a)" rather than "the determination under this
section." And Thryv reminds us that Congress used that
latter formulation in nearby and predecessor statutes. See,
e.g., ("[a] determination by the Director pursuant to
subsection (a) of this section... will be final and nonappeal-
able"); (2006 ed.; repealed 2011) ("[a] determination
by the Director under subsection (a) shall be final and
non-appealable").
But so what? One could replace the phrase "my next-door
neighbor to the west" with "my neighbor at 123 Main
Street" (assuming that is her address) and the meaning
would be the same. Likewise, it hardly matters whether
Congress spoke of the "determination" "under this section"
or "under subsection (a)." Either way, our attention is di-
rected within, not beyond,. And what's Thryv's alter-
native? It would have us read language speaking of the Di-
rector's determination "under this section" to encompass
any decision related to the initiation of inter partes review
found anywhere in the AIA -- an entire chapter of the U. S.
Code. That's sort of like reading "my next-door neighbor to
the west" to include "anyone in town." Nor do things get
better for Thryv with a careful assessment of nearby and
predecessor statutes. They reveal that Congress knew ex-
actly how to give broader directions like the one Thryv ima-
gines when it wished to do so. See, e.g., (directing
our attention to the Director's decision whether to institute
inter partes review "under this chapter" rather than "under
this section").
Without any plausible textual or contextual hook for its
position, Thryv finishes by advancing a parade of policy
horribles. It notes that the AIA imposes lots of other con-
straints on inter partes review besides the timing
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

provision now before us. For example, the law bars peti-
tioners who have filed declaratory judgment actions from
challenging the same patent in inter partes review proceed-
ings, (1), and it estops petitioners from seeking other
forms of review once an inter partes proceeding finishes,. If courts are going to review the agency's applica-
tion of, Thryv wonders, are they going to have to
review the agency's application of these other provisions
too?
But we could just as easily march this parade in the op-
posite direction. Even assuming (without deciding) that
Thryv is right and the reviewability of all these provisions
stands or falls together, that seems at least as good an ar-
gument for as against judicial review. If so much more is
at stake, if many more kinds of agency errors could be insu-
lated from correction, isn't that a greater reason to pay as-
siduous attention to the statute's terms? Surely, Thryv's
professed concern for judicial economy supplies no license
to ignore our duty to decide the cases properly put to us in
accord with the statute's terms.
III
This last point leads to another reason why we should re-
ject Thryv's reading of the statute. Even if the company
could muster some doubt about the reach of, it
wouldn't be enough to overcome the "well-settled presump-
tion favoring interpretations of statutes that allow judicial
review of administrative action." McNary v. Haitian Refu-
gee Center, Inc., (1991). As this Court
has long explained, "we will... find an intent to preclude
such review only if presented with clear and convincing ev-
idence." Reno v. Catholic Social Services, Inc., (1993).
The presumption of judicial review is deeply rooted in our
history and separation of powers. To guard against arbi-
trary government, our founders knew, elections are not
12 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

enough: "An elective despotism was not the government we
fought for." The Federalist No. 48, p. 311 (C. Rossiter ed.
1961) (emphasis deleted). In a government "founded on free
principles," no one person, group, or branch may hold all
the keys of power over a private person's liberty or property.
Ibid. Instead, power must be set against power, "divided
and balanced among several bodies... checked and re-
strained by the others." Ibid. As Chief Justice Marshall
put it: "It would excite some surprise if, in a government of
laws and of principle... a department whose appropriate
duty it is to decide questions of right, not only between in-
dividuals, but between the government and individuals," a
statute might leave that individual "with no remedy, no ap-
peal to the laws of his country, if he should believe the claim
to be unjust." United States v. Nourse, 9 Pet. 8, 28 -- 29
(1835).
It should come as an equal surprise to think Congress
might have imposed an express limit on an executive bu-
reaucracy's authority to decide the rights of individuals,
and then entrusted that agency with the sole power to en-
force the limits of its own authority. Yet on Thryv's account,
's command that "inter partes review may not be in-
stituted" would be left entrusted to the good faith of the very
executive officials it is meant to constrain. (Emphasis
added.) We do not normally rush to a conclusion that Con-
gress has issued such " 'blank checks drawn to the credit of
some administrative officer.' " Bowen v. Michigan Academy
of Family Physicians, (1986) ).
That usually may be the case, Thryv counters, but this
statute's unusually modest purpose makes it plausible to
think Congress meant to shield its application from judicial
review. After all, the company submits, is not really
a firm limit on the agency's authority, only a claim pro-
cessing rule. For proof, the company reminds us that
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 13

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

bars challengers who have already spent a year lit-
igating in court from petitioning the agency, but leaves
open the possibility that the agency might still institute in-
ter partes review if a different, eligible petitioner happens
to come along. And this theoretical possibility, Thryv tells
us, suggests that the agency was meant to be allowed to act
as it wants.
But Thryv's reply here is like saying Article III's "case or
controversy" requirement isn't really a limit on the power
of federal courts, because it's always possible that some lit-
igant with a live dispute will come forward and require the
court to settle a particular legal question. The implacable
fact is that nothing in the AIA gives the Director or the
Board freewheeling authority to conduct inter partes re-
view. The statute demands the participation of a real party
in interest, a petitioner who is not barred by prior litigation
and who is willing to face estoppel should he lose.,
315. And if, as seems likely in our case and many others,
no one is willing and able to meet those conditions, the law
does not permit inter partes review. So rather than a claim
processing rule, is both a constraint on the agency's
power and a valuable guarantee that a patent owner must
battle the same foe only once.
Realizing that its textual arguments are too strained to
demonstrate clearly and convincingly that Congress meant
to displace judicial review, Thryv asks us to draw "infer-
ences" from the AIA "as a whole." Brief for Petitioner 16. In particular, the com-
pany tells us that Congress's "overriding purpose" in creat-
ing inter partes review was to "weed out poor quality pat-
ents," and that judicial enforcement of would slow
this progress. Id., at 24 (quotation altered). But to support
its thematic account of the law's goals, Thryv rests on one
thin reed after another -- a House Report here, a floor state-
ment there, and a few quotations from Cuozzo Speed Tech-
nologies, LLC v. Lee, 579 U. S. ___ (2016), that summarize
14 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

these same sources. All the rest is generously filled in by
the company's own account about how inter partes review
ought to work.
That's far from enough. The historic presumption of ju-
dicial review has never before folded before a couple stray
pieces of legislative history and naked policy appeals. Be-
sides, Thryv's submissions cannot withstand the mildest in-
spection even on their own terms. No one doubts that Con-
gress authorized inter partes review to encourage further
scrutiny of already issued patents. But lost in Thryv's tell-
ing about the purposes of the AIA is plenty of evidence that
Congress also included provisions to preserve the value of
patents and protect the rights of patent owners. For exam-
ple, Congress sharply limited the legal grounds that might
be pursued in inter partes review, ; afforded patent
owners an opportunity to respond to petitions prior to insti-
tution, ; and, most relevant today, protected patent
owners from the need to fight a two-front war before both
the Board and federal district court,. Legislating in-
volves compromise and it would be naive to think that, as
the price for their zealous new procedures for canceling pat-
ents, those who proposed the AIA didn't have to accept
some protections like these for patent holders. Yet, Thryv
glides past all these provisions without comment. Worse,
taking the company's argument to its logical conclusion
could render these protections into " 'merely advisory' " fea-
tures of the law. Bowen, 476 U. S., at 671. If adopted,
Thryv's vision of an administrative regime singularly fo-
cused on the efficient canceling of patents could become
self-fulfilling.
A case decided just weeks ago supplies a telling point of
comparison. In Guerrero-Lasprilla v. Barr, 589 U. S. ___
(2020), Congress sought to expedite the removal of aliens
convicted of certain aggravated felonies by foreclosing judi-
cial review of their cases unless they raised "questions of
law." See 8 U. S. C. (2)(C), (D). But the statute
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 15

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

there was ambiguous about mixed questions of law and fact:
Were these (reviewable) questions of law, or (unreviewable)
determinations of fact? Because the statute could be inter-
preted either way, this Court held, the presumption of re-
viewability preserved the aliens' ability to argue mixed
questions on appeal. Today, the textual arguments for
shielding the agency's decision from review are even
weaker, and the same presumption that preserved judicial
review for felons seeking discretionary relief from removal
should do no less work for patent holders seeking to defend
their inventions.
IV
Even if the statute's plain language and the presumption
in favor of review dictate a ruling against it, Thryv finishes
by suggesting we must ignore all that and rule for it anyway
because precedent commands it. Maybe our precedent is
wrong, the company says, but it binds us all the same.
In particular, Thryv points us to Cuozzo. There, the
Court suggested that could preclude review in
cases: (1) where a litigant challenges the Director's reason-
able likelihood of success determination under, or
(2) where a litigant "grounds its claim in a statute closely
related to that decision to institute inter partes review."
579 U. S., at ___. That first path is faithful
to the plain language of. The second appears no-
where in the statute but is, instead, a product of the judicial
imagination. Still, Thryv says, we must follow that path
wherever it leads and, because decisions are
"closely related" to decisions, we shouldn't review
them.
But Cuozzo hardly held so much. In fact, Cuozzo had no
need to explore the second path it imagined, for it quickly
concluded that the argument before it was "little more than
a challenge to the Patent Office's conclusion under,"
16 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

a decision shielded from judicial review under any interpre-
tation of. Id., at ___. So all the dis-
cussion about the reviewability of decisions outside 
turned out to be nothing more than dicta entirely unneces-
sary to the decision. Nor did anything in Cuozzo directly
address decisions, let alone declare them to
be "close enough" to decisions to preclude judicial
review.
That's just the beginning of Thryv's precedent problems,
too. In SAS Institute Inc. v. Iancu, 584 U. S. ___ (2018), an
inter partes review petitioner challenged the Director's
practice of instituting review of some, but not all, of the
claims challenged in a single petition. The government ar-
gued there -- much as Thryv argues today -- that 
shielded this unlawful practice from judicial review. In ad-
vancing this argument, the government seized on the same
language in Cuozzo that Thryv now embraces, claiming
that its opponent's "grounds for attacking the decision...
are closely tied" to the institution decision. Brief
for Federal Respondent in SAS Institute Inc. v. Iancu, O. T.
2017, No. 16 -- 969, p. 13. Because no one could say that the
petitioner's argument in SAS Institute was "little more than
a challenge to the Patent Office's conclusion under,"
584 U. S., at ___, we were forced to confront
whether Cuozzo and the relevant statutes actually barred
not just institution decisions under but things
"closely related" to them.
We held they did not. We began, as we did in Cuozzo, by
noting the "strong presumption in favor of judicial review."
SAS Institute, 584 U. S., at ___. We then put an end to any doubt
about what the dicta in that case might mean: "Given the
strength of this presumption and the statute's text, Cuozzo
concluded that precludes judicial review only of the
Director's 'initial determination' under." Ibid.
; emphasis
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 17

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

added). We did not need to overrule Cuozzo, because the
language the government seized upon from that opinion
was dicta from the start. Still, we made it clear that dicta's
day had come: To read Cuozzo as "foreclosing judicial re-
view of any legal question bearing on the institution deci-
sion," we explained, would "overrea[d] both the statute and
our precedent." SAS Institute, 584 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 13). The petitioner's challenge to the Director's
partial institution practice could go forward exactly because
it was something other than a disagreement about the Di-
rector's initial determination under. Id., at ___ -- ___
( -- 14).
It's not surprising that litigants would invite us to
overread dicta or overlook an unfavorable precedent. What
is surprising is that the Court would accept the invitation.
In ''cases involving property," after all, "considerations fa-
voring stare decisis are at their acme." Kimble v. Marvel
Entertainment, LLC, (2015). And we are often reminded that
"stare decisis carries enhanced force when a decision... in-
terprets a statute." Id., at 456. But rather than searching
for the kind of "superspecial justification," id., at 458, this
Court supposedly requires to overrule a precedent like SAS
Institute, today's majority quibbles with a few sentences
and quietly walks away. If, as some have worried, "[e]ach
time the Court overrules a case, the Court... cause[s] the
public to become increasingly uncertain about which cases
the Court will overrule," Franchise Tax Bd. of Cal. v. Hyatt,
587 U. S. ___, ___ (2019), (BREYER, J., dis-
senting), one can only imagine what a judicial shrug of the
shoulders like this might yield.
Litigants and lower courts will also have to be forgiven
for the confusion to come about the meaning of 's re-
view bar. Whether it is limited to the determina-
tion (as SAS Institute held and parts of Cuozzo suggested)
or also reaches to challenges grounded in "closely related"
18 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

statutes (as other parts of Cuozzo suggested and the Court
insists today) -- who can say? And even supposing that
"closely related to institution" really is the test we'll apply
next time, does anyone know what this judicially concocted
formulation even means? Despite three opinions interpret-
ing the same provision in under five years, only one thing
is clear: Neither the statute nor our precedent can be
counted upon to give the answer. Litigants and lower
courts alike will just have to wait and see.
V
It's a rough day when a decision manages to defy the
plain language of a statute, our interpretative presump-
tions, and our precedent. But today that's not the worst of
it. The Court's expansive reading of takes us fur-
ther down the road of handing over judicial powers involv-
ing the disposition of individual rights to executive agency
officials.
We started the wrong turn in Oil States Energy Services,
LLC v. Greene's Energy Group, LLC, 584 U. S. ___ (2018).
There, a majority of this Court acquiesced to the AIA's pro-
visions allowing agency officials to withdraw already-issued
patents subject to very limited judicial review. As the ma-
jority saw it, patents are merely another public franchise
that can be withdrawn more or less by executive grace. So
what if patents were, for centuries, regarded as a form of
personal property that, like any other, could be taken only
by a judgment of a court of law. So what if our separation
of powers and history frown on unfettered executive power
over individuals, their liberty, and their property. What the
government gives, the government may take away -- with or
without the involvement of the independent Judiciary. To-
day, a majority compounds that error by abandoning a good
part of what little judicial review even the AIA left behind.
Just try to imagine this Court treating other individual
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 19

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

liberties or forms of private property this way. Major por-
tions of this country were settled by homesteaders who
moved west on the promise of land patents from the federal
government. Much like an inventor seeking a patent for his
invention, settlers seeking these governmental grants had
to satisfy a number of conditions. But once a patent issued,
the granted lands became the recipient's private property,
a vested right that could be withdrawn only in a court of
law. No one thinks we would allow a bureaucracy in Wash-
ington to "cancel" a citizen's right to his farm, and do so de-
spite the government's admission that it acted in violation
of the very statute that gave it this supposed authority. For
most of this Nation's history it was thought an invention
patent holder "holds a property in his invention by as good
a title as the farmer holds his farm and flock." Hovey v.
Henry, 12 F. Cas. 603, 604 (No. 6,742) (CC Mass. 1846)
(Woodbury, J., for the court). Yet now inventors hold noth-
ing for long without executive grace. An issued patent be-
comes nothing more than a transfer slip from one agency
window to another.
Some seek to dismiss this concern by noting that the bu-
reaucracy the AIA empowers to revoke patents is the same
one that grants them. But what comfort is that when the
Constitution promises an independent judge in any case in-
volving the deprivation of life, liberty, or property? Would
it make things any better if we assigned the Department of
the Interior the task of canceling land patents because that
agency initially allocated many of them? The relevant con-
stitutional fact is not which agency granted a property
right, but that a property right was granted.
The abdication of our judicial duty comes with a price.
The Director of the Patent and Trademark Office is a polit-
ical appointee. The AIA vests him with unreviewable au-
thority to institute (or not) inter partes review. Nothing
would prevent him, it seems, from insulating his favorite
firms and industries from this process entirely. Those who
20 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

are not so fortunate proceed to an administrative "trial" be-
fore a panel of agency employees that the Director also has
the means to control. The AIA gives the Director the power
to select which employees, and how many of them, will hear
any particular inter partes challenge. It also gives him the
power to decide how much they are paid. And if a panel
reaches a result he doesn't like, the Director claims he may
order rehearing before a new panel, of any size, and includ-
ing even himself.
No one can doubt that this regime favors those with po-
litical clout, the powerful and the popular. But what about
those who lack the resources or means to influence and
maybe even capture a politically guided agency? Consider
Mr. DuVal, who 25 years ago, came up with something the
Patent Office agreed was novel and useful. His patent sur-
vived not only that initial review but a subsequent admin-
istrative ex parte review, a lawsuit, and the initiation of an-
other. Yet, now, after the patent has expired, it is
challenged in still another administrative proceeding and
retroactively expunged by an agency that has, by its own
admission, acted unlawfully. That is what happens when
power is not balanced against power and executive action
goes unchecked by judicial review. Rather than securing
incentives to invent, the regime creates incentives to curry
favor with officials in Washington.
Nor is it hard to imagine what might lie around the cor-
ner. Despite repeated lawsuits, no court ever ruled defini-
tively on Mr. DuVal's patents. But suppose one had -- and
suppose he had prevailed. According to the agency, even
that judgment might not matter much. In other cases, the
Board has claimed the power through inter partes review
to overrule final judicial judgments affirming patent rights.
In the Director's estimation, it appears, even this Court's
decisions must bow to the Board's will. See XY, LLC v.
Trans Ova Genetics, L. C., 890 F. 3d 1282, 1285 -- 1286,
1294 -- 1295 (CA Fed. 2018); Fresenius USA, Inc. v. Baxter
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 21

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Int'l, Inc., 721 F. 3d 1330, 1340 -- 1344 (CA Fed. 2013). It's
no wonder, then, that district courts sometimes throw up
their hands and let the Board take over whenever inter
partes review and patent litigation begin to overlap. Why
bother with a trial if "the finality of any judgment rendered
by [a] Court will be dubious"? Order Granting Stay in
Click-to-call Technologies LP v. Ingenio, Inc., No. 12 -- cv -- 
00465 (WD Tex.), Doc. No. 147, p. 4.
It's understandable, too, why the agency might think so
much is up for grabs. Not only did this Court give away
much of its Article III authority in Oil States on a mistaken
assessment that patents were historically treated as public
franchises rather than private rights. Some would have
had the Court go even further. Rather than looking to his-
tory to determine how patents were treated, as both the ma-
jority and dissent sought to do, these Members of the Court
suggested that agencies should be allowed to withdraw
even private rights if "a number of factors" -- taken to-
gether, of course -- suggest it's a good idea. Commodity Fu-
tures Trading Comm'n v. Schor, (1986);
see also Oil States, 584 U. S., at ___ (BREYER, J., concur-
ring). These "factors" turn out to include such
definitive and easily balanced considerations as the "nature
of the claim," the "nature of the non-Article III tribunal,"
and the "nature and importance of the legislative purpose
served by the grant of adjudicatory authority to a tribunal
with judges who lack Article III's tenure and compensation
protections." Stern v. Marshall, (2011)
(BREYER, J., dissenting). In other words, Article III prom-
ises that a person's private rights may be taken only in pro-
ceedings before an independent judge, unless the govern-
ment's goals would be better served by a judge who isn't so
independent.
Thryv seeks to assure us that affected parties can still file
writs of mandamus in courts if the Patent Office gets really
22 THRYV, INC. v. CLICK-TO-CALL TECHNOLOGIES, LP

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

out of hand. But the Court today will not say whether man-
damus is available where the bar applies, and the
Federal Circuit has cast doubt on that possibility. In re
Power Integrations, Inc., 899 F. 3d 1316, 1319 (2018) ("We
have held that the statutory prohibition on appeals from
decisions not to institute inter partes review cannot be side-
stepped simply by styling the request for review as a peti-
tion for mandamus"); In re Procter & Gamble Co., 749 F. 3d
1376 (2014); In re Dominion Dealer Solutions, LLC., 749
F. 3d 1379 (2014). Even assuming mandamus is available,
it is a "drastic [remedy], to be invoked only in extraordinary
situations." Kerr v. United States Dist. Court for Northern
Dist. of Cal., (1976). To be eligible for
this discretionary relief, a petitioner must first show a
"clear and indisputable" right. Id., at 403 (internal quota-
tion marks omitted). But how often could a litigant show
such a "clear and indisputable" right in an area where
courts shirk their duty to say what the law is in the first
place? And how would a court find the will to call a situa-
tion "extraordinary" once the agency has been free for so
long to ignore the limits on its power? If the case before us
doesn't qualify as "extraordinary," and if the Board's admit-
ted flouting of isn't "clear and indisputable," then
what extralegal act wouldn't be just another day at the
office?
*
Two years ago, this Court sanctioned a departure from
the constitutional plan, one in which the Executive Branch
assumed responsibilities long reserved to the Judiciary. In
so doing, we denied inventors the right to have their claims
tried before independent judges and juries. Today we com-
pound that error, not only requiring patent owners to try
their disputes before employees of a political branch, but
limiting their ability to obtain judicial review when those
 Cite as: 590 U. S. ____ (2020) 23

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

same employees fail or refuse to comply with the law. Noth-
ing in the statue commands this result, and nothing in the
Constitution permits it. Respectfully, I dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Armed Career Criminal Act (ACCA), 18 U. S. C., mandates a 15-year minimum sentence of impris-
onment for certain defendants with prior convictions for a
"serious drug offense." A state offense ranks as a "serious
drug offense" only if it "involv[es] manufacturing, distrib-
uting, or possessing with intent to manufacture or dis-
tribute, a controlled substance." (2)(A)(ii). This
case concerns the methodology courts use to apply that
definition.
While the parties agree that a court should look to the
state offense's elements, they disagree over what the court
should measure those elements against. In the Govern-
ment's view, the court should ask whether those elements
involve the conduct identified in (2)(A)(ii) -- namely,
"manufacturing, distributing, or possessing with intent to
manufacture or distribute, a controlled substance." Peti-
tioner Eddie Lee Shular, however, contends that the terms
employed in the statute identify not conduct, but offenses.
In his view, those terms are shorthand for the elements of
the offenses as commonly understood. According to Shular,
2 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the court must first identify the elements of the "generic"
offense, then ask whether the elements of the state offense
match those of the generic crime.
Under the approach he advances, Shular argues, his sen-
tence is not subject to ACCA enhancement. The generic of-
fenses named in (2)(A)(ii), as Shular understands
them, include a mens rea element of knowledge that the
substance is illicit. He emphasizes that his prior convic-
tions were for state offenses that do not make knowledge of
the substance's illegality an element of the offense; the
state offenses, he therefore maintains, do not match the ge-
neric offenses in (2)(A)(ii).
The question presented: Does (2)(A)(ii)'s "serious
drug offense" definition call for a comparison to a generic
offense? We hold it does not. The "serious drug offense"
definition requires only that the state offense involve the
conduct specified in the federal statute; it does not require
that the state offense match certain generic offenses.
I
Ordinarily, a defendant convicted of being a felon in pos-
session of a firearm, in violation of (1), faces a max-
imum sentence of ten years. (2). If the offender's
prior criminal record includes at least three convictions for
"serious drug offense[s]" or "violent felon[ies]," however,
ACCA mandates a minimum sentence of 15 years.
(1).
To determine whether an offender's prior convictions
qualify for ACCA enhancement, we have used a "categorical
approach," under which we look "only to the statutory defi-
nitions of the prior offenses." Taylor v. United States, (1990). Under this approach, we consider
neither "the particular facts underlying the prior convic-
tions" nor "the label a State assigns to [the] crime[s]."
Mathis v. United States, 579 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) (internal quotation marks and alterations omitted).
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of the Court

So, for example, to apply ACCA's provision defining "violent
felony" to include "burglary," (2)(B)(ii), we ask only
whether the elements of the prior conviction constitute bur-
glary; we do not ask what the person did or whether the
offense of conviction was named "burglary."
Under some statutes, using a categorical approach re-
quires the court to come up with a "generic" version of a
crime -- that is, the elements of "the offense as commonly
understood," id., at ___. 1 We have required
that step when the statute refers generally to an offense
without specifying its elements. In that situation, the court
must define the offense so that it can compare elements, not
labels. For example, in Taylor, confronted with ACCA's un-
adorned reference to "burglary," we identified the elements
of "generic burglary" based on the "sense in which the term
is now used in the criminal codes of most States." 495 U. S.,
at 598 -- 599; (2)(B)(ii). We then inquired whether the
elements of the offense of conviction matched those of the
generic crime. Id., at 602. See also, e.g., Esquivel-Quintana
v. Sessions, 581 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ("generic
federal definition of sexual abuse of a minor" for purposes
of 8 U. S. C. (43)(A)).
In contrast, other statutes calling for a categorical ap-
proach ask the court to determine not whether the prior
conviction was for a certain offense, but whether the convic-
tion meets some other criterion. For example, in Ka-
washima v. Holder, (2012), we applied a cat-
egorical approach to a statute assigning immigration
consequences to prior convictions for "an offense that...
involves fraud or deceit" with a loss exceeding $10,000.
(43)(M)(i). The quoted language, we held, "mean[s]
offenses with elements that necessarily entail fraudulent or
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 We have also used the term "generic crime" to mean the crime "in

general" as opposed to "the specific acts in which an offender engaged on
a specific occasion." Nijhawan v. Holder, -- 34 (2009).
That is not the sense in which we use "generic" in this opinion.
4 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

deceitful conduct." Id., at 484. Conse-
quently, no identification of generic offense elements was
necessary; we simply asked whether the prior convictions
before us met that measure. Id., at 483 -- 485. See also, e.g.,
Stokeling v. United States, 586 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2019)
( -- 13) (determining whether an offense "has as
an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of
physical force against the person of another," 18 U. S. C.
(2)(B)(i)).
This case invites us to decide which of the two categorical
methodologies just described applies in determining
whether a state offense is a "serious drug offense" under
ACCA. ACCA defines that term to include:
"an offense under State law, involving manufacturing,
distributing, or possessing with intent to manufacture
or distribute, a controlled substance (as defined in sec-
tion 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U. S. C.
[§]802)), for which a maximum term of imprisonment
of ten years or more is prescribed by law." 18 U. S. C.
(2)(A)(ii).
II
Shular pleaded guilty in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Florida to possessing a firearm
after having been convicted of a felony, in violation of
(1), and possessing with intent to distribute cocaine
and cocaine base, in violation of 21 U. S. C. (1) and
(b)(1)(C). The District Court sentenced Shular to imprison-
ment for 15 years, the mandatory minimum under ACCA,
to be followed by three years of supervised release.
In imposing that enhanced sentence, the District Court
took account of Shular's prior convictions under Florida
law. In 2012, Shular pleaded guilty to five counts of selling
cocaine and one count of possessing cocaine with intent to
sell, all in violation of Fla. Stat..13(1)(a). That law
makes it a crime to "sell, manufacture, or deliver, or possess
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of the Court

with intent to sell, manufacture, or deliver, a controlled
substance." Ibid. For those offenses, "knowledge of the il-
licit nature of a controlled substance is not an element," but
lack of such knowledge "is an affirmative defense.".101(2). Shular's six convictions under that Florida
law, the District Court concluded, qualified as "serious drug
offense[s]" triggering ACCA enhancement under 18 U. S. C.
(2)(A)(ii).
The United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Cir-
cuit affirmed the sentence. 736 Fed. Appx. 876 (2018). It
relied on Circuit precedent holding that a court applying
(2)(A)(ii) "need not search for the elements of 'ge-
neric' definitions" of any offense, because the statute "re-
quire[s] only that the predicate offense 'involv[e]'... certain
activities." United States v. Smith, 775 F. 3d 1262, 1267
(2014).
Courts of Appeals have divided on whether
(2)(A)(ii)'s "serious drug offense" definition requires
a comparison to a generic offense. Compare, e.g., id., at
1267 (no generic-offense comparison), with United States v.
Franklin, 904 F. 3d 793, 800 (CA9 2018) (court must define
a generic crime). We granted certiorari to resolve this con-
flict, 588 U. S. ___ (2019), and now affirm the Eleventh Cir-
cuit's judgment.
III
A
The parties here agree that (2)(A)(ii) requires a
categorical approach. A court must look only to the state
offense's elements, not the facts of the case or labels pinned
to the state conviction.
They differ, however, on what comparison
(2)(A)(ii) requires. Shular would require "a generic-
offense matching exercise": A court should define the
elements of the generic offenses identified in
(2)(A)(ii), then compare those elements to the
6 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

elements of the state offense. Brief for Petitioner 13 -- 14. In
the Government's view, a court should apply "the
Kawashima categorical approach": It should ask whether
the state offense's elements "necessarily entail one of the
types of conduct" identified in (2)(A)(ii). Brief for
United States 13, 20.
This methodological dispute is occasioned by an interpre-
tive disagreement over (2)(A)(ii)'s reference to "man-
ufacturing, distributing, or possessing with intent to man-
ufacture or distribute, a controlled substance." Those
terms, in the Government's view, describe conduct a court
can compare directly against the state crime's elements.
Shular sees them instead as offenses whose elements a
court must first expound.
B
The Government's reading, we are convinced, correctly
interprets the statutory text and context. Two features of
(2)(A)(ii), compared against a neighboring provision
referring to offenses, (2)(B)(ii), show that
(2)(A)(ii) refers to conduct.
First, the terms in (2)(A)(ii) -- "manufacturing,
distributing, or possessing with intent to manufacture or
distribute, a controlled substance" -- are unlikely names for
generic offenses. Those words undoubtedly can be used to
describe conduct. But as Shular acknowledges, they are not
universal names of offenses; instead, States define "core
drug offenses with all manner of terminology, including:
trafficking, selling, giving, dispensing, distributing,
delivering, promoting, and producing." Reply Brief 7.
Contrast (2)(A)(ii) with (2)(B)(ii), the
enumerated-offense clause of ACCA's "violent felony"
definition, appearing in the same section of the Career
Criminals Amendment Act of 1986, 100 Stat. 3207 -- 39 to
3207 -- 40. That provision, which refers to a crime that "is
burglary, arson, or extortion," requires a generic-offense
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

Opinion of the Court

analysis. See Mathis, 579 U. S., at ___. The
terms "burglary," "arson," and "extortion" -- given their
common-law history and widespread usage -- un-
ambiguously name offenses. Cf., e.g., Taylor, 495 U. S.,
at 590 -- 599 (discussing "burglary"). Drug offenses, Shular
admits, lack "the same heritage and the same established
lexicon." Brief for Petitioner 14.
Second, by speaking of activities a state-law drug offense
"involv[es]," (2)(A)(ii) suggests that the descriptive
terms immediately following the word "involving" identify
conduct. The parties agree that "involve" means
"necessarily requir[e]." Brief for Petitioner 14 ("to include as a necessary circumstance,
condition, or consequence")); Brief for United States 21
(same). It is natural to say that an offense "involves" or
"requires" certain conduct. E.g., (2)(B)(ii)
(addressing a crime "involv[ing] conduct that presents a
serious potential risk of physical injury to another");
Mathis, 579 U. S., at ___ ("The generic offense
[of burglary] requires unlawful entry into a building or
other structure." ).
To refer to offenses as Shular urges, it would have been
far more natural for the drafter to follow the enumerated-
offense clause in using "is," not "involving." See
(2)(B)(ii) (crime that "is burglary, arson, or
extortion"). There, the word "is" indicates a congruence
between "crime" and the terms that follow, terms that are
also crimes. See American Heritage Dictionary 114 (def.
7a) (1981) ("To equal in meaning or identity"). Yet Congress
did not adopt that formulation in (2)(A)(ii), opting
instead for language suited to conduct.
C
Shular principally urges that at the time of
(2)(A)(ii)'s enactment, federal and state criminal
8 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

laws widely prohibited the "core conduct" of manufacturing,
distributing, and possessing with intent to manufacture or
distribute drugs. Brief for Petitioner 10 -- 12. Some laws,
Shular observes, used those very terms. See, e.g., 21
U. S. C. (1) (1982 ed.). But even if the substance of
state drug laws was well established -- rather than their
nomenclature, which Shular concedes was not -- Congress
could capture that substance by reference to conduct, rather
than offenses.
Shular points out that the word "involving" can
accommodate a generic-offense approach. Cf. Scheidler v.
National Organization for Women, Inc., 
(2003) ("act or threat involving... extortion," 18 U. S. C., contemplates " 'generic' extortion" (some internal
quotation marks omitted)). But we have no reason to think
Congress intended that approach for (2)(A)(ii) -- 
which uses no deeply rooted offense name like "extortion"
and contrasts with the offense-oriented language of a
neighboring provision.
Endeavoring to explain why Congress might have chosen
"involving" over "is" in (2)(A)(ii), Shular suggests
that variation in state drug-offense terminology required a
word more approximate than "is." But if Congress was
concerned that state drug offenses lacked clear, universally
employed names, the evident solution was to identify them
instead by conduct. Using "involving" rather than "is" does
not clarify that the terms are names of offenses; quite the
opposite. See supra, at 7.
Shular asserts that to describe conduct rather than
offenses, Congress would have used the language of the
elements clause of the "violent felony" definition, which
captures a crime that "has as an element the use, attempted
use, or threatened use of physical force against the person
of another." (2)(B)(i). It would
have been awkward, however, to describe "possessing with
intent to manufacture or distribute" -- requiring both
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

Opinion of the Court

possession and intent -- as "an element." Congress may also
have wanted to clarify that the state offense need not
include the identified conduct as a formal element. Cf.
Kawashima, 565 U. S., at 483 -- 484 (the statutory phrase
"an offense that... involves fraud or deceit" "is not limited
to offenses that include fraud or deceit as formal elements"
but extends to offenses "that necessarily entail fraudulent
or deceitful conduct"). Whatever the reason, Congress'
choice not to describe each term in (2)(A)(ii) as "an
element" neither refutes that those terms refer to conduct
nor shows that they refer to offenses.
Nor does the other clause of the "serious drug offense"
definition shed light on the question before us. Section
924(e)(2)(A)(i) includes as "serious drug offenses"
"offense[s] under" specific portions of the U. S. Code. 2 That
provision, Shular observes, refers to fully defined crimes.
But "the divergent text of the two provisions" of the serious-
drug-offense definition, as the Government explains,
"makes any divergence in their application unremarkable."
Brief for United States 22. Congress' decision to identify
federal offenses by reference to the U. S. Code does not
speak to whether it identified state offenses by reference to
named offenses or conduct.
D
Shular expresses concern that rejecting a generic-offense
approach would yield an anomalous result. Unlike other
drug laws, Shular contends, the Florida law under which
he was previously convicted does not require that the
defendant know the substance is illicit. Unless
(2)(A)(ii) takes into account all the elements of the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Section 924(e)(2)(A)(i) provides that the term "serious drug offense"

includes "an offense under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U. S. C.
[§]801 et seq.), the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21
U. S. C. [§]951 et seq.), or chapter 705 of title 46 for which a maximum
term of imprisonment of ten years or more is prescribed by law."
10 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

offense as commonly understood, Shular maintains,
defendants would face ACCA enhancement based on outlier
state laws.
As an initial matter, Shular overstates Florida's
disregard for mens rea. Charged under Fla. Stat..13(1)(a), a defendant unaware of the substance's illicit
nature can raise that unawareness as an affirmative
defense, in which case the standard jury instructions
require a finding of knowledge beyond a reasonable doubt..101(2); Fla. Crim. Jury Instr..2 (2020), https://
www. floridasupremecourt. org / content / download / 568865/
6425767/file/EntireDocument.rtf.
In any event, both parties' interpretations of 18 U. S. C.
(2)(A)(ii) achieve a measure of consistency.
Resolving this case requires us to determine which form of
consistency Congress intended: application of ACCA to all
offenders who engaged in certain conduct or to all who
committed certain generic offenses (in either reading,
judging only by the elements of their prior convictions). For
the reasons explained, we are persuaded that Congress
chose the former.
E
Shular urges us to apply the rule of lenity in determining
whether (2)(A)(ii) requires a generic-offense-
matching analysis. The rule "applies only when, after
consulting traditional canons of statutory construction, we
are left with an ambiguous statute." United States v.
Shabani, (1994). Here, we are left with no
ambiguity for the rule of lenity to resolve. Section
924(e)(2)(A)(ii)'s text and context leave no doubt that it
refers to an offense involving the conduct of
"manufacturing, distributing, or possessing with intent to
manufacture or distribute, a controlled substance." Be-
cause those terms describe conduct and do not name of-
fenses, a court applying (2)(A)(ii) need not delineate
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

Opinion of the Court

the elements of generic offenses. 3
* * *
For the reasons stated, the judgment of the Court of
Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit is
Affirmed.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Shular argues in the alternative that even if (2)(A)(ii) does not

call for a generic-offense-matching analysis, it requires knowledge of the
substance's illicit nature. See Brief for Petitioner 23; Reply Brief 8 -- 10.
We do not address that argument. Not only does it fall outside the ques-
tion presented, Pet. for Cert. i, Shular disclaimed it at the certiorari
stage, Supp. Brief for Petitioner 3.
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 18 -- 6662
_________________

EDDIE LEE SHULAR, PETITIONER v.
UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[February 26, 2020]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full. In Part III -- E of the opin-
ion, the Court rejects Shular's argument for applying the
rule of lenity. I write separately to elaborate on why the
rule of lenity does not apply here.
This Court's longstanding precedents establish that the
rule of lenity applies when two conditions are met.
First, as the Court today says and as the Court has re-
peatedly held, a court may invoke the rule of lenity only
" 'after consulting traditional canons of statutory construc-
tion.' " Ante, at 10 ).1 In other words, a court must first em-
ploy all of the traditional tools of statutory interpretation,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See also, e.g., Ocasio v. United States, 578 U. S. ___, ___, (2016)

(, ); Robers v. United States, (2014);
Kasten v. Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics Corp., 
(2011); Abbott v. United States, (2010); United States
v. Hayes, (2009); Burgess v. United States, (2008); Muscarello v. United States, (1998);
Caron v. United States, (1998); United States v. Wells,
(1997); Reno v. Koray, (1995); Smith
v. United States, (1993); Gozlon-Peretz v. United
States, (1991); Moskal v. United States, (1990); Callanan v. United States, (1961). Cf.
Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., (1984) (instructing courts to employ "traditional tools
of statutory construction" before concluding that a statute is ambiguous
2 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

and a court may resort to the rule of lenity only " 'after seiz-
ing everything from which aid can be derived.' " Ocasio v.
United States, 578 U. S. ___, ___, (2016) (,
) ). In summarizing the case law, Justice
Scalia underscored that the rule of lenity " 'comes into oper-
ation at the end of the process of construing what Congress
has expressed, not at the beginning.' " A. Scalia & B. Gar-
ner, Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts 298
(2012) ). Of course, when "a reviewing court employs all
of the traditional tools of construction, the court will almost
always reach a conclusion about the best interpretation,"
thereby resolving any perceived ambiguity. Kisor v. Wilkie,
588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) (KAVANAUGH, J.,
concurring in judgment). That explains why the rule of len-
ity rarely comes into play.
Second, this Court has repeatedly explained that the rule
of lenity applies only in cases of " 'grievous' " ambiguity -- 
where the court, even after applying all of the traditional
tools of statutory interpretation, " 'can make no more than
a guess as to what Congress intended.' " Ocasio, 578 U. S.,
at ___, (, ). The Court has stated that the "simple
existence of some statutory ambiguity" is "not sufficient to
warrant application of that rule, for most statutes are am-
biguous to some degree." Id., at 138. To be sure, as Justice
Scalia rightly noted, the term " 'grievous ambiguity' " pro-
vides " 'little more than atmospherics, since it leaves open
the crucial question -- almost invariably present -- of how
much ambiguousness constitutes an ambiguity.' " Reading
Law, at 299 (Scalia, J., for the court)); see also
Kavanaugh, Fixing Statutory Interpretation, 129 Harv.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
and deferring to an agency's reasonable interpretation).
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

L. Rev. 2118 (2016). That said, atmospherics can matter.
Although the Court has not always been perfectly con-
sistent in its formulations, the Court has repeatedly em-
phasized that a court must find not just ambiguity but
"grievous ambiguity" before resorting to the rule of lenity.2
To sum up: Under this Court's longstanding precedents,
the rule of lenity applies when a court employs all of the
traditional tools of statutory interpretation and, after doing
so, concludes that the statute still remains grievously am-
biguous, meaning that the court can make no more than a
guess as to what the statute means.
Because the Court correctly concludes that the rule of len-
ity does not apply in this case, I join the Court's opinion in
full.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 See, e.g., Shaw v. United States, 580 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) ; Salman v. United States, 580 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) ;
Abramski v. United States, (2014); Robers, 572
U. S., at 646; United States v. Castleman, -- 173 (2014);
Barber v. Thomas, (2010); Dolan v. United States, (2010); Dean v. United States, (2009);
Hayes, 555 U. S., at 429; Staples v. United States, (1994); Chapman v. United States, (1991); Hud-
dleston v. United States, (1974).

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
Under the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of In-
ternational Child Abduction (Hague Convention or Conven-
tion), Oct. 25, 1980, T. I. A. S. No. 11670, S. Treaty Doc. No.
99 -- 11 (Treaty Doc.), a child wrongfully removed from her
country of "habitual residence" ordinarily must be returned
to that country. This case concerns the standard for deter-
mining a child's "habitual residence" and the standard for
reviewing that determination on appeal. The petitioner,
Michelle Monasky, is a U. S. citizen who brought her infant
daughter, A. M. T., to the United States from Italy after her
Italian husband, Domenico Taglieri, became abusive to
Monasky. Taglieri successfully petitioned the District
Court for A. M. T.'s return to Italy under the Convention,
and the Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court's
order.
Monasky assails the District Court's determination that
Italy was A. M. T.'s habitual residence. First of the ques-
tions presented: Could Italy qualify as A. M. T.'s "habitual
residence" in the absence of an actual agreement by her
parents to raise her there? The second question: Should the
2 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

Court of Appeals have reviewed the District Court's habitual-
residence determination independently rather than def-
erentially? In accord with decisions of the courts of other
countries party to the Convention, we hold that a child's ha-
bitual residence depends on the totality of the circum-
stances specific to the case. An actual agreement between
the parents is not necessary to establish an infant's habit-
ual residence. We further hold that a first-instance habitual-
residence determination is subject to deferential appel-
late review for clear error.
I
A
The Hague Conference on Private International Law
adopted the Hague Convention in 1980 "[t]o address the
problem of international child abductions during domestic
disputes." Lozano v. Montoya Alvarez, (2014). One hundred one coun-
tries, including the United States and Italy, are Convention
signatories. Hague Conference on Private Int'l Law, Con-
vention of 25 Oct. 1980 on the Civil Aspects of Int'l Child Ab-
duction, Status Table, https://www.hcch.net/en/instruments/
conventions/status-table/?cid=24. The International Child
Abduction Remedies Act (ICARA), 102 Stat. 437, as
amended, 22 U. S. C. et seq., implements our Na-
tion's obligations under the Convention. It is the Conven-
tion's core premise that "the interests of children... in mat-
ters relating to their custody" are best served when custody
decisions are made in the child's country of "habitual resi-
dence." Convention Preamble, Treaty Doc., at 7; see Abbott
v. Abbott, (2010).
To that end, the Convention ordinarily requires the
prompt return of a child wrongfully removed or retained
away from the country in which she habitually resides. Art.
12, Treaty Doc., at 9 (cross-referencing Art. 3, id., at 7). The
removal or retention is wrongful if done in violation of the
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of the Court

custody laws of the child's habitual residence. Art. 3, ibid.
The Convention recognizes certain exceptions to the return
obligation. Prime among them, a child's return is not in
order if the return would place her at a "grave risk" of harm
or otherwise in "an intolerable situation." Art. 13(b), id.,
at 10.
The Convention's return requirement is a "provisional"
remedy that fixes the forum for custody proceedings. Sil-
berman, Interpreting the Hague Abduction Convention: In
Search of a Global Jurisprudence, 38 U. C. D. L. Rev. 1049,
1054 (2005). Upon the child's return, the custody adjudica-
tion will proceed in that forum. See ibid. To avoid delaying
the custody proceeding, the Convention instructs contract-
ing states to "use the most expeditious procedures avail-
able" to return the child to her habitual residence. Art. 2,
Treaty Doc., at 7. See also Art. 11, id., at 9 (prescribing six
weeks as normal time for return-order decisions).
B
In 2011, Monasky and Taglieri were married in the
United States. Two years later, they relocated to Italy,
where they both found work. Neither then had definite
plans to return to the United States. During their first year
in Italy, Monasky and Taglieri lived together in Milan. But
the marriage soon deteriorated. Taglieri became physically
abusive, Monasky asserts, and "forced himself upon [her]
multiple times." 907 F. 3d 404, 406 (CA6 2018) (en banc).
About a year after their move to Italy, in May 2014,
Monasky became pregnant. Taglieri thereafter took up new
employment in the town of Lugo, while Monasky, who did
not speak Italian, remained about three hours away in Mi-
lan. The long-distance separation and a difficult pregnancy
further strained their marriage. Monasky looked into re-
turning to the United States. She applied for jobs there,
asked about U. S. divorce lawyers, and obtained cost infor-
mation from moving companies. At the same time, though,
4 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

she and Taglieri made preparations to care for their ex-
pected child in Italy. They inquired about childcare options
there, made purchases needed for their baby to live in Italy,
and found a larger apartment in a Milan suburb.
Their daughter, A. M. T., was born in February 2015.
Shortly thereafter, Monasky told Taglieri that she wanted
to divorce him, a matter they had previously broached, and
that she anticipated returning to the United States. Later,
however, she agreed to join Taglieri, together with A. M. T.,
in Lugo. The parties dispute whether they reconciled while
together in that town.
On March 31, 2015, after yet another heated argument,
Monasky fled with her daughter to the Italian police and
sought shelter in a safe house. In a written statement to
the police, Monasky alleged that Taglieri had abused her
and that she feared for her life. Two weeks later, in April
2015, Monasky and two-month-old A. M. T. left Italy for
Ohio, where they moved in with Monasky's parents.
Taglieri sought recourse in the courts. With Monasky ab-
sent from the proceedings, an Italian court granted Ta-
glieri's request to terminate Monasky's parental rights, dis-
crediting her statement to the Italian police. App. 183. In
the United States, on May 15, 2015, Taglieri petitioned the
U. S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio for the
return of A. M. T. to Italy under the Hague Convention,
pursuant to 22 U. S. C., on the ground that Italy
was her habitual residence.
The District Court granted Taglieri's petition after a four-
day bench trial. Sixth Circuit precedent at the time, the
District Court observed, instructed courts that a child ha-
bitually resides where the child has become "acclimatiz[ed]"
to her surroundings. App. to Pet. for Cert. 85a ). An infant,
however, is "too young" to acclimate to her surroundings.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 87a. The District Court therefore pro-
ceeded on the assumption that "the shared intent of the
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of the Court

[parents] is relevant in determining the habitual residence
of an infant," though "particular facts and circumstances... might necessitate the consideration [of] other factors."
Id., at 97a. The shared intention of A. M. T.'s parents, the
District Court found, was for their daughter to live in Italy,
where the parents had established a marital home "with no
definitive plan to return to the United States." Ibid. Even
if Monasky could change A. M. T.'s habitual residence uni-
laterally by making plans to raise A. M. T. away from Italy,
the District Court added, the evidence on that score indi-
cated that, until the day she fled her husband, Monasky
had "no definitive plans" to raise A. M. T. in the United
States. Id., at 98a. In line with its findings, the District
Court ordered A. M. T.'s prompt return to Italy.
The Sixth Circuit and this Court denied Monasky's re-
quests for a stay of the return order pending appeal. 907
F. 3d, at 407. In December 2016, A. M. T., nearly two years
old, was returned to Italy and placed in her father's care.1
In the United States, Monasky's appeal of the District
Court's return order proceeded. See Chafin v. Chafin, (2013) (the return of a child under the Hague
Convention does not moot an appeal of the return order). A
divided three-judge panel of the Sixth Circuit affirmed the
District Court's order, and a divided en banc court adhered
to that disposition.
The en banc majority noted first that, after the District
Court's decision, a precedential Sixth Circuit opinion, Ah-
med v. Ahmed, 867 F. 3d 682 (2017), established that, as
the District Court had assumed, an infant's habitual resi-
dence depends on "shared parental intent." 907 F. 3d, at
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Taglieri represents that "[a]n order issued by the Italian court in De-

cember 2018 awarded legal custody of A. M. T., on an interim basis, to
the Lugo municipality... with placement at [Taglieri's] residence; and
provided that mother-daughter visits would continue under the plan pre-
scribed in a court order issued earlier in 2018." Brief for Respondent 56,.
6 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

408. The en banc ma-
jority then reviewed the District Court's habitual-residence
determination for clear error and found none. Sustaining
the District Court's determination that A. M. T.'s habitual
residence was Italy, the majority rejected Monasky's argu-
ment that the District Court erred because "she and Ta-
glieri never had a 'meeting of the minds' about their child's
future home." 907 F. 3d, at 410.
No member of the en banc court disagreed with the ma-
jority's rejection of Monasky's proposed actual-agreement
requirement. Nor did any judge maintain that Italy was
not A. M. T.'s habitual residence. Judge Boggs wrote a con-
curring opinion adhering to the reasoning of his three-judge
panel majority opinion: "[A]bsent unusual circumstances,
where a child has resided exclusively in a single country,
especially with both parents, that country is the child's ha-
bitual residence." Id., at 411. The dissenters urged two
discrete objections. Some would have reviewed the District
Court's habitual-residence determination de novo. See id.,
at 419 (opinion of Moore, J.). All would have remanded for
the District Court to reconsider A. M. T.'s habitual resi-
dence in light of the Sixth Circuit's Ahmed precedent. See
907 F. 3d, at 419 -- 420; id., at 421 -- 422 (opinion of Gibbons,
J.); id., at 423 (opinion of Stranch, J.).
We granted certiorari to clarify the standard for habitual
residence, an important question of federal and interna-
tional law, in view of differences in emphasis among the
Courts of Appeals. 587 U. S. ___ (2019). Compare, e.g., 907
F. 3d, at 407 (case below) (describing inquiry into the child's
acclimatization as the "primary" approach), with, e.g.,
Mozes v. Mozes, 239 F. 3d 1067, 1073 -- 1081 (CA9 2001)
(placing greater weight on the shared intentions of the par-
ents), with, e.g., Redmond v. Redmond, 724 F. 3d 729, 746
(CA7 2013) (rejecting "rigid rules, formulas, or presump-
tions"). Certiorari was further warranted to resolve a divi-
sion in Courts of Appeals over the appropriate standard of
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

Opinion of the Court

appellate review. Compare, e.g., 907 F. 3d, at 408 -- 409 (case
below) (clear error), with, e.g., Mozes, 239 F. 3d, at 1073
(de novo).
II
The first question presented concerns the standard for
habitual residence: Is an actual agreement between the
parents on where to raise their child categorically necessary
to establish an infant's habitual residence? We hold that
the determination of habitual residence does not turn on
the existence of an actual agreement.
A
We begin with "the text of the treaty and the context in
which the written words are used." Air France v. Saks, (1985). The Hague Convention does not de-
fine the term "habitual residence." A child "resides" where
she lives. See Black's Law Dictionary 1176 (5th ed. 1979).
Her residence in a particular country can be deemed "ha-
bitual," however, only when her residence there is more
than transitory. "Habitual" implies "[c]ustomary, usual, of
the nature of a habit." Id., at 640. The Hague Convention's
text alone does not definitively tell us what makes a child's
residence sufficiently enduring to be deemed "habitual." It
surely does not say that habitual residence depends on an
actual agreement between a child's parents. But the term
"habitual" does suggest a fact-sensitive inquiry, not a cate-
gorical one.
The Convention's explanatory report confirms what the
Convention's text suggests. The report informs that habit-
ual residence is a concept "well-established... in the
Hague Conference." 1980 Conférence de La Haye de droit
international privé, Enlèvement d'enfants, E. Pérez-Vera,
8 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

Explanatory Report in 3 Actes et documents de la Qua-
torzième session, p. 445, ¶66 (1982) (Pérez-Vera).2 The re-
port refers to a child's habitual residence in fact-focused
terms: "the family and social environment in which [the
child's] life has developed." Id., at 428, ¶11. What makes a
child's residence "habitual" is therefore "some degree of in-
tegration by the child in a social and family environment."
OL v. PQ, 2017 E. C. R. No. C -- 111/17, ¶42 (Judgt. of June
8); accord Office of the Children's Lawyer v. Balev, [2018] 1
S. C. R. 398, 421, ¶43, 424 D. L. R. (4th) 391, 410, ¶43
(Can.); A v. A, [2014] A. C., ¶54 (2013) (U. K.). Accordingly,
while Federal Courts of Appeals have diverged, if only in
emphasis, in the standards they use to locate a child's ha-
bitual residence, see supra, at 6, they share a "common"
understanding: The place where a child is at home, at the
time of removal or retention, ranks as the child's habitual
residence. Karkkainen v. Kovalchuk, 445 F. 3d 280, 291
(CA3 2006).
Because locating a child's home is a fact-driven inquiry,
courts must be "sensitive to the unique circumstances of the
case and informed by common sense." Redmond, 724 F. 3d,
at 744. For older children capable of acclimating to their
surroundings, courts have long recognized, facts indicating

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 According to an analysis provided by the Department of State to the

Senate during the ratification process, the "explanatory report is recog-
nized by the [Hague] Conference as the official history and commentary
on the Convention and is a source of background on the meaning of the
provisions of the Convention." Hague International Child Abduction
Convention; Text and Legal Analysis, 51 Fed. Reg. 10503 (1986). The
explanatory report notes, however, that "it has not been approved by the
Conference, and it is possible that, despite the Rapporter's [sic] efforts to
remain objective, certain passages reflect a viewpoint which is in part
subjective." Pérez-Vera 427 -- 428, ¶8. See Abbott v. Abbott, (2010) ("We need not decide whether this Report should be given
greater weight than a scholarly commentary.").
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

Opinion of the Court

acclimatization will be highly relevant.3 Because children,
especially those too young or otherwise unable to acclimate,
depend on their parents as caregivers, the intentions and
circumstances of caregiving parents are relevant consider-
ations. No single fact, however, is dispositive across all
cases. Common sense suggests that some cases will be
straightforward: Where a child has lived in one place with
her family indefinitely, that place is likely to be her habit-
ual residence. But suppose, for instance, that an infant
lived in a country only because a caregiving parent had
been coerced into remaining there. Those circumstances
should figure in the calculus. See Karkkainen, 445 F. 3d,
at 291 ("The inquiry into a child's habitual residence is a
fact-intensive determination that cannot be reduced to a
predetermined formula and necessarily varies with the cir-
cumstances of each case.").
The treaty's "negotiation and drafting history" corrobo-
rates that a child's habitual residence depends on the spe-
cific circumstances of the particular case. Medellín v.
Texas, (2008) (noting that such history
may aid treaty interpretation). The Convention's explana-
tory report states that the Hague Conference regarded ha-
bitual residence as "a question of pure fact, differing in that
respect from domicile." Pérez-Vera 445, ¶66. The Confer-
ence deliberately chose "habitual residence" for its factual
character, making it the foundation for the Convention's re-
turn remedy in lieu of formal legal concepts like domicile

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Facts courts have considered include: "a change in geography com-

bined with the passage of an appreciable period of time," "age of the
child," "immigration status of child and parent," "academic activities,"
"social engagements," "participation in sports programs and excursions,"
"meaningful connections with the people and places in the child's new
country," "language proficiency," and "location of personal belongings."
Federal Judicial Center, J. Garbolino, The 1980 Hague Convention on
the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction: A Guide for Judges
67 -- 68 (2d ed. 2015).
10 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

and nationality. See Anton, The Hague Convention on In-
ternational Child Abduction, 30 Int'l & Comp. L. Q. 537,
544 (1981) (history of the Convention authored by the draft-
ing commission's chairman). That choice is instructive.
The signatory nations sought to afford courts charged with
determining a child's habitual residence "maximum flex-
ibility" to respond to the particular circumstances of each
case. P. Beaumont & P. McEleavy, The Hague Convention
on International Child Abduction 89 -- 90 (1999) (Beaumont
& McEleavy). The aim: to ensure that custody is adjudi-
cated in what is presumptively the most appropriate fo-
rum -- the country where the child is at home.
Our conclusion that a child's habitual residence depends
on the particular circumstances of each case is bolstered by
the views of our treaty partners. ICARA expressly recog-
nizes "the need for uniform international interpretation of
the Convention." 22 U. S. C. (3)(B). See Lozano,
572 U. S., at 13; Abbott, 560 U. S., at 16. The understand-
ing that the opinions of our sister signatories to a treaty are
due "considerable weight," this Court has said, has "special
force" in Hague Convention cases. Ibid., in turn quoting Air France, 470 U. S., at 404). The
"clear trend" among our treaty partners is to treat the de-
termination of habitual residence as a fact-driven inquiry
into the particular circumstances of the case. Balev, [2018]
1 S. C. R., at 423, ¶50, 424 D. L. R. (4th), at 411, ¶50.
Lady Hale wrote for the Supreme Court of the United
Kingdom: A child's habitual residence "depends on numer-
ous factors... with the purposes and intentions of the par-
ents being merely one of the relevant factors.... The essen-
tially factual and individual nature of the inquiry should
not be glossed with legal concepts." A, [2014] A. C., at ¶54.
The Court of Justice of the European Union, the Supreme
Court of Canada, and the High Court of Australia agree.
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

Opinion of the Court

See OL, 2017 E. C. R. No. C -- 111/17, ¶42 (the habitual res-
idence of a child "must be established... taking account of
all the circumstances of fact specific to each individual
case"); Balev, [2018] 1 S. C. R., at 421, 423 -- 430, ¶¶43, 48 -- 
71, 424 D. L. R. (4th), at 410 -- 417, ¶¶43, 48 -- 71 (adopting an
approach to habitual residence under which "[t]he judge
considers all relevant links and circumstances"); LK v.
Director-General, Dept. of Community Servs., [2009] 237
C. L. R. 582, 596, ¶35 (Austl.) ("to seek to identify a set list
of criteria that bear upon where a child is habitually resi-
dent... would deny the simple observation that the ques-
tion of habitual residence will fall for decision in a very wide
range of circumstances"). Intermediate appellate courts in
Hong Kong and New Zealand have similarly stated what
"habitual residence" imports. See LCYP v. JEK, [2015] 4
H. K. L. R. D. 798, 809 -- 810, ¶7.7 (H. K.); Punter v. Secre-
tary for Justice, [2007] 1 N. Z. L. R. 40, 71, ¶130 (N. Z.).
Tellingly, Monasky has not identified a single treaty part-
ner that has adopted her actual-agreement proposal. See
Tr. of Oral Arg. 9.4
The bottom line: There are no categorical requirements
for establishing a child's habitual residence -- least of all an
actual-agreement requirement for infants. Monasky's pro-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Monasky disputes that foreign courts apply a totality-of-the-

circumstances standard to infants, as opposed to older children. In this
regard, she points out, the Court of Justice of the European Union in-
structs that, "where 'the infant is in fact looked after by her mother,' 'it
is necessary to assess the mother's integration in her social and family
environment' in the relevant country." Reply Brief 5 -- 6. True, a caregiving par-
ent's ties to the country at issue are highly relevant. But the Court of
Justice did not hold that the caregiver's ties are the end of the inquiry.
Rather, the deciding court must "tak[e] account of all the circumstances
of fact specific to each individual case." Id., ¶56 (also
considering, among other factors, the infant's physical presence and du-
ration of time in the country).
12 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

posed actual-agreement requirement is not only unsup-
ported by the Convention's text and inconsistent with
the leeway and international harmony the Convention
demands; her proposal would thwart the Convention's
"objects and purposes." Abbott, 560 U. S., at 20. An actual-
agreement requirement would enable a parent, by with-
holding agreement, unilaterally to block any finding of ha-
bitual residence for an infant. If adopted, the requirement
would undermine the Convention's aim to stop unilateral
decisions to remove children across international borders.
Moreover, when parents' relations are acrimonious, as is of-
ten the case in controversies arising under the Convention,
agreement can hardly be expected. In short, as the Court
of Appeals observed below, "Monasky's approach would cre-
ate a presumption of no habitual residence for infants, leav-
ing the population most vulnerable to abduction the least
protected." 907 F. 3d, at 410.
B
Monasky counters that an actual-agreement requirement
is necessary to ensure "that an infant's mere physical pres-
ence in a country has a sufficiently settled quality to be
deemed 'habitual.' " Brief for Petitioner 32. An infant's
"mere physical presence," we agree, is not a dispositive in-
dicator of an infant's habitual residence. But a wide range
of facts other than an actual agreement, including facts in-
dicating that the parents have made their home in a partic-
ular place, can enable a trier to determine whether an in-
fant's residence in that place has the quality of being
"habitual."
Monasky also argues that a bright-line rule like her pro-
posed actual-agreement requirement would promote
prompt returns of abducted children and deter would-be ab-
ductors from "tak[ing] their chances" in the first place. Id.,
at 35, 38. Adjudicating a winner-takes-all evidentiary dis-
pute over whether an agreement existed, however, is
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 13

Opinion of the Court

scarcely more expeditious than providing courts with lee-
way to make "a quick impression gained on a panoramic
view of the evidence." Beaumont & McEleavy 103. When all the circumstances are
in play, would-be abductors should find it more, not less,
difficult to manipulate the reality on the ground, thus im-
peding them from forging "artificial jurisdictional links...
with a view to obtaining custody of a child." Pérez-Vera
428, ¶11.
Finally, Monasky and amici curiae raise a troublesome
matter: An actual-agreement requirement, they say, is nec-
essary to protect children born into domestic violence. Brief
for Petitioner 42 -- 44; Brief for Sanctuary for Families et al.
as Amici Curiae 11 -- 20. Domestic violence poses an "intrac-
table" problem in Hague Convention cases involving care-
giving parents fleeing with their children from abuse. Hale,
Taking Flight -- Domestic Violence and Child Abduction, 70
Current Legal Prob. 3, 11 (2017). We doubt, however, that
imposing a categorical actual-agreement requirement is an
appropriate solution, for it would leave many infants with-
out a habitual residence, and therefore outside the Conven-
tion's domain. See supra, at 11 -- 12. Settling the forum for
adjudication of a dispute over a child's custody, of course,
does not dispose of the merits of the controversy over cus-
tody. Domestic violence should be an issue fully explored
in the custody adjudication upon the child's return.
The Hague Convention, we add, has a mechanism for
guarding children from the harms of domestic violence:
Article 13(b). See Hale, 70 Current Legal Prob., at 10 -- 16
(on Hague Conference working group to develop a best-
practices guide to the interpretation and application of Article
13(b) in cases involving domestic violence). Article 13(b), as
noted supra, at 3, allows a court to refrain from ordering a
child's return to her habitual residence if "there is a grave
risk that [the child's] return would expose the child to phys-
ical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an
14 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

intolerable situation." Art. 13(b), Treaty Doc., at 10.
Monasky raised below an Article 13(b) defense to Taglieri's
return petition. In response, the District Court credited
Monasky's "deeply troubl[ing]" allegations of her exposure
to Taglieri's physical abuse. App. to Pet. for Cert. 105a. But
the District Court found "no evidence" that Taglieri ever
abused A. M. T. or otherwise disregarded her well-being.
Id., at 103a, 105a. That court also followed Circuit prece-
dent disallowing consideration of psychological harm
A. M. T. might experience due to separation from her
mother. Id., at 102a. Monasky does not challenge those
dispositions in this Court.
III
Turning to the second question presented: What is the
appropriate standard of appellate review of an initial adju-
dicator's habitual-residence determination? Neither the
Convention nor ICARA prescribes modes of appellate re-
view, other than the directive to act "expeditiously." Art.
11, Treaty Doc., at 9; see Federal Judicial Center, J. Gar-
bolino, The 1980 Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of
International Child Abduction: A Guide for Judges 162 (2d
ed. 2015) (the Convention's "emphasis on prompt disposi-
tion applies to appellate proceedings").5
Absent a treaty or statutory prescription, the appropriate
level of deference to a trial court's habitual-residence deter-
mination depends on whether that determination resolves
a question of law, a question of fact, or a mixed question of
law and fact. Generally, questions of law are reviewed

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Monasky contends that only de novo review can satisfy "the need for

uniform international interpretation of the Convention." 22 U. S. C.
(3)(B). See Brief for Petitioner 19 -- 21. However, ICARA's recog-
nition of the need for harmonious international interpretation is hardly
akin to the "clear statutory prescription" on the standard of appellate
review that Congress has provided "[f]or some few trial court determina-
tions." Pierce v. Underwood, (1988).
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 15

Opinion of the Court

de novo and questions of fact, for clear error, while the ap-
propriate standard of appellate review for a mixed question
"depends... on whether answering it entails primarily le-
gal or factual work." U. S. Bank N. A. v. Village at Lak-
eridge, LLC, 583 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2018) ( -- 9).
A child's habitual residence presents what U. S. law
types a "mixed question" of law and fact -- albeit barely so.
Id., at ___. The inquiry begins with a legal
question: What is the appropriate standard for habitual res-
idence? Once the trial court correctly identifies the govern-
ing totality-of-the-circumstances standard, however, what
remains for the court to do in applying that standard, as we
explained supra, at 7 -- 11, is to answer a factual question:
Was the child at home in the particular country at issue?
The habitual-residence determination thus presents a task
for factfinding courts, not appellate courts, and should be
judged on appeal by a clear-error review standard deferen-
tial to the factfinding court.
In selecting standards of appellate review, the Court has
also asked whether there is "a long history of appellate
practice" indicating the appropriate standard, for arriving
at the standard from first principles can prove "uncom-
monly difficult." Pierce v. Underwood, 
(1988). Although some Federal Courts of Appeals have re-
viewed habitual-residence determinations de novo, there
has been no uniform, reasoned practice in this regard, noth-
ing resembling "a historical tradition." Ibid. See also
supra, at 6 -- 7 (noting a Circuit split). Moreover, when a
mixed question has a factual foundation as evident as the
habitual-residence inquiry here does, there is scant cause
to default to historical practice.
Clear-error review has a particular virtue in Hague Con-
vention cases. As a deferential standard of review, clear-
error review speeds up appeals and thus serves the Conven-
tion's premium on expedition. See Arts. 2, 11, Treaty Doc.,
at 7, 9. Notably, courts of our treaty partners review first-
16 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

instance habitual-residence determinations deferentially.
See, e.g., Balev, [2018] 1 S. C. R., at 419, ¶38, 424 D. L. R.
(4th), at 408, ¶38; Punter, [2007] 1 N. Z. L. R., at 88, ¶204;
AR v. RN, [2015] UKSC 35, ¶18.
IV
Although agreeing with the manner in which the Court
has resolved the two questions presented, the United
States, as an amicus curiae supporting neither party, sug-
gests remanding to the Court of Appeals rather than affirm-
ing that court's judgment. Brief for United States as Ami-
cus Curiae 28. Ordinarily, we might take that course,
giving the lower courts an opportunity to apply the gov-
erning totality-of-the-circumstances standard in the first
instance.
Under the circumstances of this case, however, we decline
to disturb the judgment below. True, the lower courts
viewed A. M. T.'s situation through the lens of her parents'
shared intentions. But, after a four-day bench trial, the
District Court had before it all the facts relevant to the dis-
pute. Asked at oral argument to identify any additional fact
the District Court did not digest, counsel for the United
States offered none. Tr. of Oral Arg. 38. Monasky and Ta-
glieri agree that their dispute "requires no 'further factual
development,' " and neither party asks for a remand. Reply
Brief 22.
Monasky does urge the Court to reverse if it rests
A. M. T.'s habitual residence on all relevant circumstances.
She points to her "absence of settled ties to Italy" and the
"unsettled and unstable conditions in which A. M. T. re-
sided in Italy." Reply Brief 19 (internal quotation marks
and alteration omitted). The District Court considered the
competing facts bearing on those assertions, however, in-
cluding the fraught circumstances in which the parties'
marriage unraveled. That court nevertheless found that
Monasky had sufficient ties to Italy such that "[a]rguably,
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 17

Opinion of the Court

[she] was a habitual resident of Italy." App. to Pet. for Cert.
91a. And, despite the rocky state of the marriage, the Dis-
trict Court found beyond question that A. M. T. was born
into "a marital home in Italy," one that her parents estab-
lished "with no definitive plan to return to the United
States." Id., at 97a. Nothing in the record suggests that
the District Court would appraise the facts differently on
remand.
A remand would consume time when swift resolution is
the Convention's objective. The instant return-order pro-
ceedings began a few months after A. M. T.'s birth. She is
now five years old. The more than four-and-a-half-year du-
ration of this litigation dwarfs the six-week target time for
resolving a return-order petition. See Art. 11, Treaty Doc.,
at 9. Taglieri represents that custody of A. M. T. has so far
been resolved only "on an interim basis," Brief for Respond-
ent 56, and that custody proceedings, including the
matter of Monasky's parental rights, remain pending in It-
aly. Tr. of Oral Arg. 60 -- 61. Given the exhaustive record
before the District Court, the absence of any reason to an-
ticipate that the District Court's judgment would change on
a remand that neither party seeks, and the protraction of
proceedings thus far, final judgment on A. M. T.'s return is
in order.
* * *
For the reasons stated, the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit is
Affirmed.
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 18 -- 935
_________________

MICHELLE MONASKY, PETITIONER v.
DOMENICO TAGLIERI
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT
[February 25, 2020]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
The Court correctly concludes that an actual agreement
between parents is not necessary to establish the habitual
residence of an infant who is too young to acclimatize.* I
also agree with the Court's conclusion that the habitual-
residence inquiry is intensely fact driven, requiring courts
to take account of the unique circumstances of each case. I
write separately, however, because I would decide this case
principally on the plain meaning of the treaty's text.
I
This case requires us to interpret the Hague Convention
on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction, Oct.
25, 1980, T. I. A. S. No. 11670, S. Treaty Doc. No. 99 -- 11, as
implemented by the International Child Abduction Reme-
dies Act (ICARA), as amended, 22 U. S. C. et seq. Ar-
ticle 3 of the Convention provides that the "removal or the
retention of a child is to be considered wrongful" when "it is
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* The Court states that we "granted certiorari to clarify the standard
for habitual residence," ante, at 6, and the opinion contains language that
may be read to apply to older children, see, e.g., ante, at 8 -- 9. But the
relevant question presented focuses exclusively on the habitual residence
of "an infant [who] is too young to acclimate to her surroundings." Pet.
for Cert. i. I would confine our analysis to that distinct question, which
is the only one briefed by the parties.
2 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

in breach of rights of custody attributed to a person... un-
der the law of the State in which the child was habitually
resident immediately before the removal or retention" and
"at the time of removal or retention those rights were actu-
ally exercised." S. Treaty Doc. No. 99 -- 11, at 7. Under
ICARA, a parent may petition a federal or state court to re-
turn an abducted child to the child's country of habitual res-
idence.. ICARA does not define habitual resi-
dence; it merely states that the petitioning parent must
"establish by a preponderance of the evidence... that the
child has been wrongfully removed or retained within the
meaning of the Convention." (1)(A). The Conven-
tion also does not define the phrase.
" 'The interpretation of a treaty, like the interpretation of
a statute, begins with its text.' " Abbott v. Abbott, (2010) ). The Court recognizes this fact, but it concludes
that the text only "suggests" that habitual residence is a
fact-driven inquiry, and ultimately relies on atextual
sources to "confir[m] what the Convention's text suggests."
Ante, at 7. In my view, the ordinary meaning of the relevant
language at the time of the treaty's enactment provides
strong evidence that the habitual-residence inquiry is in-
herently fact driven. See Schindler Elevator Corp. v.
United States ex rel. Kirk, (2011).
In 1980, as today, "habitual" referred to something that
was "[c]ustomary" or "usual." Black's Law Dictionary 640
(5th ed. 1979); see also 6 Oxford English Dictionary 996 (2d
ed. 1989) ("existing as a settled practice or condition; con-
stantly repeated or continued; customary"); Webster's
Third New International Dictionary 1017 (1976) (similar).
And "residence" referred to a "[p]ersonal presence at some
place of abode," Black's Law Dictionary, at 1176, "one's
usual dwelling-place," 13 Oxford English Dictionary, at
707, or "the act or fact of abiding or dwelling in a place for
some time," Webster's Third New International Dictionary,
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

at 1931; see also ibid. ("a temporary or permanent dwelling
place, abode, or habitation").
These definitions demonstrate that the concept of habit-
ual residence for a child too young to acclimatize cannot be
reduced to a neat set of necessary and sufficient conditions.
Answering the question of what is customary or usual, for
instance, requires judges to consider a host of facts, such as
the presence or absence of bank accounts and driver's li-
censes, the length and type of employment, and the
strength and duration of other community ties. Determin-
ing whether there is a residence involves the consideration
of factors such as the presence or absence of a permanent
home, the duration in the country at issue, and, in some
cases, an actual agreement between the parents to reside in
a particular place. Accordingly, the ordinary meaning of
the phrase "habitual residence" provides strong support for
the conclusion that an objective agreement between the
child's parents is not required. This plain meaning should
serve as the primary guide for our interpretation. See Wa-
ter Splash, Inc. v. Menon, 581 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ; Olympic Airways v. Husain, (2004).
II
This case exemplifies the wisdom of firmly anchoring our
discussion in the text before turning to the decisions of sis-
ter signatories -- especially when those decisions are not
contemporaneous with the treaty's passage. Here, the
Court finds it meaningful that foreign courts have inter-
preted the phrase "habitual residence" as a fact-driven in-
quiry. Ante, at 10 -- 11. Though a " 'clear trend' " has cer-
tainly emerged in foreign courts, ante, at 10, this consensus
appears to have developed only within the past decade.
Lady Hale of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom
noted as much in the 2013 decision cited by the Court. As
she explained, for many years "the English courts [had]
4 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

been tempted to overlay the factual concept of habitual res-
idence with legal constructs," creating legal rules that dic-
tated a child's habitual residence. A v. A, [2014] A. C. ¶39
(2013) (U. K.); see also id., ¶37. According to one commen-
tator writing in 2001, though "academics and judges" had
stressed "that the term should not be treated as a term of
art and should not be complicated by technical legal re-
quirements similar to those applicable to the concept of
domicile," "in some cases these statements seem[ed] to have
been pure lip-service, since many courts [were] unable to
resist the temptation to 'legalise' the concept." Schuz, Ha-
bitual Residence of Children Under the Hague Child Ab-
duction Convention -- Theory and Practice, 13 Child & Fam-
ily L. Q. 1, 4 (2001). Thus, until recently, "[t]he approach of
many [foreign] courts [had] been to focus exclusively on the
purpose of the parents in relocating," an inquiry that
speaks to the legal concept of domicile. Schuz, Policy Con-
siderations in Determining the Habitual Residence of a
Child and the Relevance Of Context, 11 J. Transnat'l L. &
Pol'y 101, 103 (2001) (footnote omitted).
It seems, then, that it took approximately 30 years from
the time of the Convention's enactment in 1980 for foreign
jurisdictions to coalesce around an interpretation of habit-
ual residence. This relatively recent evolution brings into
bold relief the risk of relying too heavily on the decisions of
foreign courts in lieu of a fulsome textual analysis. Because
the decisions are not contemporaneous with the treaty's
passage, they do not necessarily provide the best evidence
of the original understanding of the phrase. And reflexively
looking to foreign courts raises the question whether this
Court would have resolved this case differently had the is-
sue been presented in 1990, 2000, or even 2010, before the
clear trend emerged.
The Court attempts to sidestep this difficulty by pointing
to a statement in ICARA's preamble that stresses "the need
for uniform international interpretation of the Convention."
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

22 U. S. C. (3)(B); see ante, at 10. It should go with-
out saying that if our independent assessment of habitual
residence led to a conclusion that diverged from the emerg-
ing consensus, invocation of this prefatory language to force
agreement at the expense of plain meaning would be un-
founded. By relying too heavily on the judicial decisions of
the treaty's other signatories, rather than on a more thor-
ough textual analysis, we risk being persuaded to reach the
popular answer, but perhaps not the correct one. In short,
"we should not substitute the judgment of other courts for
our own." Abbott, 560 U. S., at 43 (Stevens, J., dissenting);
see also Olympic Airways, 540 U. S., at 655,.
To avoid these potential pitfalls, I would rely on the plain
meaning of "habitual residence" to conclude that an actual
agreement is not necessary. See supra, at 2 -- 3. That con-
clusion is bolstered by the Convention's explanatory report.
Interpretations from the courts of sister signatories, though
recent, also support the conclusion because they align with
the meaning of the text and our own independent judgment.
Because the Court places insufficient weight on the treaty's
text, I cannot join Part II of its opinion.
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2019) 1

Opinion of ALITO, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 18 -- 935
_________________

MICHELLE MONASKY, PETITIONER v.
DOMENICO TAGLIERI
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT
[February 25, 2020]

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring in part and concurring in the
judgment.
I agree with the Court on almost all the issues in this
case. Specifically, I agree (1) that analysis of the question
of "habitual residence" should be based on a range of factors
and should be attentive to the particular facts of each case,
(2) that a child may have a habitual residence in a country
without a parental agreement to that effect, (3) that our in-
terpretation of habitual residence should take into account
the interpretations of other signatory nations, (4) that a dis-
trict court's decision on habitual residence is entitled to def-
erence on appeal, and (5) that the judgment below should
be affirmed. I also agree with JUSTICE THOMAS that we
must independently interpret the meaning of "habitual
residence."
So what does it mean? The term "habitual" is used to
refer to a cluster of related concepts. It can be used to refer
to things done by habit, as well as things that are "con-
stantly repeated or continued," "usual," or "accustomed." 6
Oxford English Dictionary 996 (2d ed. 1989); see also Web-
ster's Third New International Dictionary 1017 (1976). If
taken in isolation, each of these understandings might lead
to a different analysis in applying the concept of "habitual
residence" under the Convention. See Hague Convention
on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction, Oct.
2 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of ALITO, J.

25, 1980, T. I. A. S. No. 11670, S. Treaty Doc. No. 99 -- 11.
But I think the Court accurately captures what the term
means under the Convention when it says that a child's ha-
bitual residence is the child's "home." Ante, at 8, 10, 15.
Of course the concept of "home" is also multifaceted. It
can be used to signify the place where a person generally
sleeps, eats, works, and engages in social and recreational
activities, but it can also mean the place where a person
feels most comfortable and the place to which the person
has the strongest emotional ties. See 7 Oxford English Dic-
tionary, at 322 -- 323; Webster's Third New International
Dictionary, at 1082. As best I can determine, the concept of
"habitual residence" under the Convention embraces all of
these meanings to some degree. If forced to try to synthe-
size them, I would say it means the place where the child in
fact has been living for an extended period -- unless that
place was never regarded as more than temporary or there
is another place to which the child has a strong attachment.
I think this is the core of what courts have made of the con-
cept of "habitual residence," and it appears to represent the
best distillation of the various shades of meaning of the
term taken in context.
So interpreted, "habitual residence" is not a pure ques-
tion of fact, at least as we understand that concept in our
legal system. But it does involve a heavily factual inquiry.
For these reasons, I would say that the standard of review
on appeal is abuse of discretion, not clear error. As a prac-
tical matter, the difference may be no more than minimal.
The important point is that great deference should be af-
forded to the District Court's determination.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Armed Career Criminal Act (ACCA), 18 U. S. C., mandates a 15-year minimum sentence of impris-
onment for certain defendants with prior convictions for a
"serious drug offense." A state offense ranks as a "serious
drug offense" only if it "involv[es] manufacturing, distrib-
uting, or possessing with intent to manufacture or dis-
tribute, a controlled substance." (2)(A)(ii). This
case concerns the methodology courts use to apply that
definition.
While the parties agree that a court should look to the
state offense's elements, they disagree over what the court
should measure those elements against. In the Govern-
ment's view, the court should ask whether those elements
involve the conduct identified in (2)(A)(ii) -- namely,
"manufacturing, distributing, or possessing with intent to
manufacture or distribute, a controlled substance." Peti-
tioner Eddie Lee Shular, however, contends that the terms
employed in the statute identify not conduct, but offenses.
In his view, those terms are shorthand for the elements of
the offenses as commonly understood. According to Shular,
2 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the court must first identify the elements of the "generic"
offense, then ask whether the elements of the state offense
match those of the generic crime.
Under the approach he advances, Shular argues, his sen-
tence is not subject to ACCA enhancement. The generic of-
fenses named in (2)(A)(ii), as Shular understands
them, include a mens rea element of knowledge that the
substance is illicit. He emphasizes that his prior convic-
tions were for state offenses that do not make knowledge of
the substance's illegality an element of the offense; the
state offenses, he therefore maintains, do not match the ge-
neric offenses in (2)(A)(ii).
The question presented: Does (2)(A)(ii)'s "serious
drug offense" definition call for a comparison to a generic
offense? We hold it does not. The "serious drug offense"
definition requires only that the state offense involve the
conduct specified in the federal statute; it does not require
that the state offense match certain generic offenses.
I
Ordinarily, a defendant convicted of being a felon in pos-
session of a firearm, in violation of (1), faces a max-
imum sentence of ten years. (2). If the offender's
prior criminal record includes at least three convictions for
"serious drug offense[s]" or "violent felon[ies]," however,
ACCA mandates a minimum sentence of 15 years.
(1).
To determine whether an offender's prior convictions
qualify for ACCA enhancement, we have used a "categorical
approach," under which we look "only to the statutory defi-
nitions of the prior offenses." Taylor v. United States, (1990). Under this approach, we consider
neither "the particular facts underlying the prior convic-
tions" nor "the label a State assigns to [the] crime[s]."
Mathis v. United States, 579 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) (internal quotation marks and alterations omitted).
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of the Court

So, for example, to apply ACCA's provision defining "violent
felony" to include "burglary," (2)(B)(ii), we ask only
whether the elements of the prior conviction constitute bur-
glary; we do not ask what the person did or whether the
offense of conviction was named "burglary."
Under some statutes, using a categorical approach re-
quires the court to come up with a "generic" version of a
crime -- that is, the elements of "the offense as commonly
understood," id., at ___.1 We have required
that step when the statute refers generally to an offense
without specifying its elements. In that situation, the court
must define the offense so that it can compare elements, not
labels. For example, in Taylor, confronted with ACCA's un-
adorned reference to "burglary," we identified the elements
of "generic burglary" based on the "sense in which the term
is now used in the criminal codes of most States." 495 U. S.,
at 598 -- 599; (2)(B)(ii). We then inquired whether the
elements of the offense of conviction matched those of the
generic crime. Id., at 602. See also, e.g., Esquivel-Quintana
v. Sessions, 581 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ("generic
federal definition of sexual abuse of a minor" for purposes
of 8 U. S. C. (43)(A)).
In contrast, other statutes calling for a categorical ap-
proach ask the court to determine not whether the prior
conviction was for a certain offense, but whether the convic-
tion meets some other criterion. For example, in Ka-
washima v. Holder, (2012), we applied a cat-
egorical approach to a statute assigning immigration
consequences to prior convictions for "an offense that...
involves fraud or deceit" with a loss exceeding $10,000.
(43)(M)(i). The quoted language, we held, "mean[s]
offenses with elements that necessarily entail fraudulent or
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 We have also used the term "generic crime" to mean the crime "in

general" as opposed to "the specific acts in which an offender engaged on
a specific occasion." Nijhawan v. Holder, -- 34 (2009).
That is not the sense in which we use "generic" in this opinion.
4 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

deceitful conduct." Id., at 484. Conse-
quently, no identification of generic offense elements was
necessary; we simply asked whether the prior convictions
before us met that measure. Id., at 483 -- 485. See also, e.g.,
Stokeling v. United States, 586 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2019)
( -- 13) (determining whether an offense "has as
an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of
physical force against the person of another," 18 U. S. C.
(2)(B)(i)).
This case invites us to decide which of the two categorical
methodologies just described applies in determining
whether a state offense is a "serious drug offense" under
ACCA. ACCA defines that term to include:
"an offense under State law, involving manufacturing,
distributing, or possessing with intent to manufacture
or distribute, a controlled substance (as defined in sec-
tion 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U. S. C.
[§]802)), for which a maximum term of imprisonment
of ten years or more is prescribed by law." 18 U. S. C.
(2)(A)(ii).
II
Shular pleaded guilty in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Florida to possessing a firearm
after having been convicted of a felony, in violation of
(1), and possessing with intent to distribute cocaine
and cocaine base, in violation of 21 U. S. C. (1) and
(b)(1)(C). The District Court sentenced Shular to imprison-
ment for 15 years, the mandatory minimum under ACCA,
to be followed by three years of supervised release.
In imposing that enhanced sentence, the District Court
took account of Shular's prior convictions under Florida
law. In 2012, Shular pleaded guilty to five counts of selling
cocaine and one count of possessing cocaine with intent to
sell, all in violation of Fla. Stat..13(1)(a). That law
makes it a crime to "sell, manufacture, or deliver, or possess
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of the Court

with intent to sell, manufacture, or deliver, a controlled
substance." Ibid. For those offenses, "knowledge of the il-
licit nature of a controlled substance is not an element," but
lack of such knowledge "is an affirmative defense.".101(2). Shular's six convictions under that Florida
law, the District Court concluded, qualified as "serious drug
offense[s]" triggering ACCA enhancement under 18 U. S. C.
(2)(A)(ii).
The United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Cir-
cuit affirmed the sentence. 736 Fed. Appx. 876 (2018). It
relied on Circuit precedent holding that a court applying
(2)(A)(ii) "need not search for the elements of 'ge-
neric' definitions" of any offense, because the statute "re-
quire[s] only that the predicate offense 'involv[e]'... certain
activities." United States v. Smith, 775 F. 3d 1262, 1267
(2014).
Courts of Appeals have divided on whether
(2)(A)(ii)'s "serious drug offense" definition requires
a comparison to a generic offense. Compare, e.g., id., at
1267 (no generic-offense comparison), with United States v.
Franklin, 904 F. 3d 793, 800 (CA9 2018) (court must define
a generic crime). We granted certiorari to resolve this con-
flict, 588 U. S. ___ (2019), and now affirm the Eleventh Cir-
cuit's judgment.
III
A
The parties here agree that (2)(A)(ii) requires a
categorical approach. A court must look only to the state
offense's elements, not the facts of the case or labels pinned
to the state conviction.
They differ, however, on what comparison
(2)(A)(ii) requires. Shular would require "a generic-
offense matching exercise": A court should define the
elements of the generic offenses identified in
(2)(A)(ii), then compare those elements to the
6 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

elements of the state offense. Brief for Petitioner 13 -- 14. In
the Government's view, a court should apply "the
Kawashima categorical approach": It should ask whether
the state offense's elements "necessarily entail one of the
types of conduct" identified in (2)(A)(ii). Brief for
United States 13, 20.
This methodological dispute is occasioned by an interpre-
tive disagreement over (2)(A)(ii)'s reference to "man-
ufacturing, distributing, or possessing with intent to man-
ufacture or distribute, a controlled substance." Those
terms, in the Government's view, describe conduct a court
can compare directly against the state crime's elements.
Shular sees them instead as offenses whose elements a
court must first expound.
B
The Government's reading, we are convinced, correctly
interprets the statutory text and context. Two features of
(2)(A)(ii), compared against a neighboring provision
referring to offenses, (2)(B)(ii), show that
(2)(A)(ii) refers to conduct.
First, the terms in (2)(A)(ii) -- "manufacturing,
distributing, or possessing with intent to manufacture or
distribute, a controlled substance" -- are unlikely names for
generic offenses. Those words undoubtedly can be used to
describe conduct. But as Shular acknowledges, they are not
universal names of offenses; instead, States define "core
drug offenses with all manner of terminology, including:
trafficking, selling, giving, dispensing, distributing,
delivering, promoting, and producing." Reply Brief 7.
Contrast (2)(A)(ii) with (2)(B)(ii), the
enumerated-offense clause of ACCA's "violent felony"
definition, appearing in the same section of the Career
Criminals Amendment Act of 1986, 100 Stat. 3207 -- 39 to
3207 -- 40. That provision, which refers to a crime that "is
burglary, arson, or extortion," requires a generic-offense
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

Opinion of the Court

analysis. See Mathis, 579 U. S., at ___. The
terms "burglary," "arson," and "extortion" -- given their
common-law history and widespread usage -- un-
ambiguously name offenses. Cf., e.g., Taylor, 495 U. S.,
at 590 -- 599 (discussing "burglary"). Drug offenses, Shular
admits, lack "the same heritage and the same established
lexicon." Brief for Petitioner 14.
Second, by speaking of activities a state-law drug offense
"involv[es]," (2)(A)(ii) suggests that the descriptive
terms immediately following the word "involving" identify
conduct. The parties agree that "involve" means
"necessarily requir[e]." Brief for Petitioner 14 ("to include as a necessary circumstance,
condition, or consequence")); Brief for United States 21
(same). It is natural to say that an offense "involves" or
"requires" certain conduct. E.g., (2)(B)(ii)
(addressing a crime "involv[ing] conduct that presents a
serious potential risk of physical injury to another");
Mathis, 579 U. S., at ___ ("The generic offense
[of burglary] requires unlawful entry into a building or
other structure." ).
To refer to offenses as Shular urges, it would have been
far more natural for the drafter to follow the enumerated-
offense clause in using "is," not "involving." See
(2)(B)(ii) (crime that "is burglary, arson, or
extortion"). There, the word "is" indicates a congruence
between "crime" and the terms that follow, terms that are
also crimes. See American Heritage Dictionary 114 (def.
7a) (1981) ("To equal in meaning or identity"). Yet Congress
did not adopt that formulation in (2)(A)(ii), opting
instead for language suited to conduct.
C
Shular principally urges that at the time of
(2)(A)(ii)'s enactment, federal and state criminal
8 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

laws widely prohibited the "core conduct" of manufacturing,
distributing, and possessing with intent to manufacture or
distribute drugs. Brief for Petitioner 10 -- 12. Some laws,
Shular observes, used those very terms. See, e.g., 21
U. S. C. (1) (1982 ed.). But even if the substance of
state drug laws was well established -- rather than their
nomenclature, which Shular concedes was not -- Congress
could capture that substance by reference to conduct, rather
than offenses.
Shular points out that the word "involving" can
accommodate a generic-offense approach. Cf. Scheidler v.
National Organization for Women, Inc., 
(2003) ("act or threat involving... extortion," 18 U. S. C., contemplates " 'generic' extortion" (some internal
quotation marks omitted)). But we have no reason to think
Congress intended that approach for (2)(A)(ii) -- 
which uses no deeply rooted offense name like "extortion"
and contrasts with the offense-oriented language of a
neighboring provision.
Endeavoring to explain why Congress might have chosen
"involving" over "is" in (2)(A)(ii), Shular suggests
that variation in state drug-offense terminology required a
word more approximate than "is." But if Congress was
concerned that state drug offenses lacked clear, universally
employed names, the evident solution was to identify them
instead by conduct. Using "involving" rather than "is" does
not clarify that the terms are names of offenses; quite the
opposite. See supra, at 7.
Shular asserts that to describe conduct rather than
offenses, Congress would have used the language of the
elements clause of the "violent felony" definition, which
captures a crime that "has as an element the use, attempted
use, or threatened use of physical force against the person
of another." (2)(B)(i). It would
have been awkward, however, to describe "possessing with
intent to manufacture or distribute" -- requiring both
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

Opinion of the Court

possession and intent -- as "an element." Congress may also
have wanted to clarify that the state offense need not
include the identified conduct as a formal element. Cf.
Kawashima, 565 U. S., at 483 -- 484 (the statutory phrase
"an offense that... involves fraud or deceit" "is not limited
to offenses that include fraud or deceit as formal elements"
but extends to offenses "that necessarily entail fraudulent
or deceitful conduct"). Whatever the reason, Congress'
choice not to describe each term in (2)(A)(ii) as "an
element" neither refutes that those terms refer to conduct
nor shows that they refer to offenses.
Nor does the other clause of the "serious drug offense"
definition shed light on the question before us. Section
924(e)(2)(A)(i) includes as "serious drug offenses"
"offense[s] under" specific portions of the U. S. Code.2 That
provision, Shular observes, refers to fully defined crimes.
But "the divergent text of the two provisions" of the serious-
drug-offense definition, as the Government explains,
"makes any divergence in their application unremarkable."
Brief for United States 22. Congress' decision to identify
federal offenses by reference to the U. S. Code does not
speak to whether it identified state offenses by reference to
named offenses or conduct.
D
Shular expresses concern that rejecting a generic-offense
approach would yield an anomalous result. Unlike other
drug laws, Shular contends, the Florida law under which
he was previously convicted does not require that the
defendant know the substance is illicit. Unless
(2)(A)(ii) takes into account all the elements of the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Section 924(e)(2)(A)(i) provides that the term "serious drug offense"

includes "an offense under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U. S. C.
[§]801 et seq.), the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21
U. S. C. [§]951 et seq.), or chapter 705 of title 46 for which a maximum
term of imprisonment of ten years or more is prescribed by law."
10 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

offense as commonly understood, Shular maintains,
defendants would face ACCA enhancement based on outlier
state laws.
As an initial matter, Shular overstates Florida's
disregard for mens rea. Charged under Fla. Stat..13(1)(a), a defendant unaware of the substance's illicit
nature can raise that unawareness as an affirmative
defense, in which case the standard jury instructions
require a finding of knowledge beyond a reasonable doubt..101(2); Fla. Crim. Jury Instr..2 (2020), https://
www. floridasupremecourt. org / content / download / 568865/
6425767/file/EntireDocument.rtf.
In any event, both parties' interpretations of 18 U. S. C.
(2)(A)(ii) achieve a measure of consistency.
Resolving this case requires us to determine which form of
consistency Congress intended: application of ACCA to all
offenders who engaged in certain conduct or to all who
committed certain generic offenses (in either reading,
judging only by the elements of their prior convictions). For
the reasons explained, we are persuaded that Congress
chose the former.
E
Shular urges us to apply the rule of lenity in determining
whether (2)(A)(ii) requires a generic-offense-
matching analysis. The rule "applies only when, after
consulting traditional canons of statutory construction, we
are left with an ambiguous statute." United States v.
Shabani, (1994). Here, we are left with no
ambiguity for the rule of lenity to resolve. Section
924(e)(2)(A)(ii)'s text and context leave no doubt that it
refers to an offense involving the conduct of
"manufacturing, distributing, or possessing with intent to
manufacture or distribute, a controlled substance." Be-
cause those terms describe conduct and do not name of-
fenses, a court applying (2)(A)(ii) need not delineate
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

Opinion of the Court

the elements of generic offenses.3
* * *
For the reasons stated, the judgment of the Court of
Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit is
Affirmed.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Shular argues in the alternative that even if (2)(A)(ii) does not

call for a generic-offense-matching analysis, it requires knowledge of the
substance's illicit nature. See Brief for Petitioner 23; Reply Brief 8 -- 10.
We do not address that argument. Not only does it fall outside the ques-
tion presented, Pet. for Cert. i, Shular disclaimed it at the certiorari
stage, Supp. Brief for Petitioner 3.
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 18 -- 6662
_________________

EDDIE LEE SHULAR, PETITIONER v.
UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[February 26, 2020]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full. In Part III -- E of the opin-
ion, the Court rejects Shular's argument for applying the
rule of lenity. I write separately to elaborate on why the
rule of lenity does not apply here.
This Court's longstanding precedents establish that the
rule of lenity applies when two conditions are met.
First, as the Court today says and as the Court has re-
peatedly held, a court may invoke the rule of lenity only
" 'after consulting traditional canons of statutory construc-
tion.' " Ante, at 10 ).1 In other words, a court must first em-
ploy all of the traditional tools of statutory interpretation,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See also, e.g., Ocasio v. United States, 578 U. S. ___, ___, (2016)

(, ); Robers v. United States, (2014);
Kasten v. Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics Corp., 
(2011); Abbott v. United States, (2010); United States
v. Hayes, (2009); Burgess v. United States, (2008); Muscarello v. United States, (1998);
Caron v. United States, (1998); United States v. Wells,
(1997); Reno v. Koray, (1995); Smith
v. United States, (1993); Gozlon-Peretz v. United
States, (1991); Moskal v. United States, (1990); Callanan v. United States, (1961). Cf.
Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., (1984) (instructing courts to employ "traditional tools
of statutory construction" before concluding that a statute is ambiguous
2 SHULAR v. UNITED STATES

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

and a court may resort to the rule of lenity only " 'after seiz-
ing everything from which aid can be derived.' " Ocasio v.
United States, 578 U. S. ___, ___, (2016) (,
) ). In summarizing the case law, Justice
Scalia underscored that the rule of lenity " 'comes into oper-
ation at the end of the process of construing what Congress
has expressed, not at the beginning.' " A. Scalia & B. Gar-
ner, Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts 298
(2012) ). Of course, when "a reviewing court employs all
of the traditional tools of construction, the court will almost
always reach a conclusion about the best interpretation,"
thereby resolving any perceived ambiguity. Kisor v. Wilkie,
588 U. S. ___, ___ (2019) (KAVANAUGH, J.,
concurring in judgment). That explains why the rule of len-
ity rarely comes into play.
Second, this Court has repeatedly explained that the rule
of lenity applies only in cases of " 'grievous' " ambiguity -- 
where the court, even after applying all of the traditional
tools of statutory interpretation, " 'can make no more than
a guess as to what Congress intended.' " Ocasio, 578 U. S.,
at ___, (, ). The Court has stated that the "simple
existence of some statutory ambiguity" is "not sufficient to
warrant application of that rule, for most statutes are am-
biguous to some degree." Id., at 138. To be sure, as Justice
Scalia rightly noted, the term " 'grievous ambiguity' " pro-
vides " 'little more than atmospherics, since it leaves open
the crucial question -- almost invariably present -- of how
much ambiguousness constitutes an ambiguity.' " Reading
Law, at 299 (Scalia, J., for the court)); see also
Kavanaugh, Fixing Statutory Interpretation, 129 Harv.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
and deferring to an agency's reasonable interpretation).
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

L. Rev. 2118 (2016). That said, atmospherics can matter.
Although the Court has not always been perfectly con-
sistent in its formulations, the Court has repeatedly em-
phasized that a court must find not just ambiguity but
"grievous ambiguity" before resorting to the rule of lenity.2
To sum up: Under this Court's longstanding precedents,
the rule of lenity applies when a court employs all of the
traditional tools of statutory interpretation and, after doing
so, concludes that the statute still remains grievously am-
biguous, meaning that the court can make no more than a
guess as to what the statute means.
Because the Court correctly concludes that the rule of len-
ity does not apply in this case, I join the Court's opinion in
full.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 See, e.g., Shaw v. United States, 580 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) ; Salman v. United States, 580 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) ;
Abramski v. United States, (2014); Robers, 572
U. S., at 646; United States v. Castleman, -- 173 (2014);
Barber v. Thomas, (2010); Dolan v. United States, (2010); Dean v. United States, (2009);
Hayes, 555 U. S., at 429; Staples v. United States, (1994); Chapman v. United States, (1991); Hud-
dleston v. United States, (1974).

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
Under the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of In-
ternational Child Abduction (Hague Convention or Conven-
tion), Oct. 25, 1980, T. I. A. S. No. 11670, S. Treaty Doc. No.
99 -- 11 (Treaty Doc.), a child wrongfully removed from her
country of "habitual residence" ordinarily must be returned
to that country. This case concerns the standard for deter-
mining a child's "habitual residence" and the standard for
reviewing that determination on appeal. The petitioner,
Michelle Monasky, is a U. S. citizen who brought her infant
daughter, A. M. T., to the United States from Italy after her
Italian husband, Domenico Taglieri, became abusive to
Monasky. Taglieri successfully petitioned the District
Court for A. M. T.'s return to Italy under the Convention,
and the Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court's
order.
Monasky assails the District Court's determination that
Italy was A. M. T.'s habitual residence. First of the ques-
tions presented: Could Italy qualify as A. M. T.'s "habitual
residence" in the absence of an actual agreement by her
parents to raise her there? The second question: Should the
2 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

Court of Appeals have reviewed the District Court's habitual-
residence determination independently rather than def-
erentially? In accord with decisions of the courts of other
countries party to the Convention, we hold that a child's ha-
bitual residence depends on the totality of the circum-
stances specific to the case. An actual agreement between
the parents is not necessary to establish an infant's habit-
ual residence. We further hold that a first-instance habitual-
residence determination is subject to deferential appel-
late review for clear error.
I
A
The Hague Conference on Private International Law
adopted the Hague Convention in 1980 "[t]o address the
problem of international child abductions during domestic
disputes." Lozano v. Montoya Alvarez, (2014). One hundred one coun-
tries, including the United States and Italy, are Convention
signatories. Hague Conference on Private Int'l Law, Con-
vention of 25 Oct. 1980 on the Civil Aspects of Int'l Child Ab-
duction, Status Table, https://www.hcch.net/en/instruments/
conventions/status-table/?cid=24. The International Child
Abduction Remedies Act (ICARA), 102 Stat. 437, as
amended, 22 U. S. C. et seq., implements our Na-
tion's obligations under the Convention. It is the Conven-
tion's core premise that "the interests of children... in mat-
ters relating to their custody" are best served when custody
decisions are made in the child's country of "habitual resi-
dence." Convention Preamble, Treaty Doc., at 7; see Abbott
v. Abbott, (2010).
To that end, the Convention ordinarily requires the
prompt return of a child wrongfully removed or retained
away from the country in which she habitually resides. Art.
12, Treaty Doc., at 9 (cross-referencing Art. 3, id., at 7). The
removal or retention is wrongful if done in violation of the
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of the Court

custody laws of the child's habitual residence. Art. 3, ibid.
The Convention recognizes certain exceptions to the return
obligation. Prime among them, a child's return is not in
order if the return would place her at a "grave risk" of harm
or otherwise in "an intolerable situation." Art. 13(b), id.,
at 10.
The Convention's return requirement is a "provisional"
remedy that fixes the forum for custody proceedings. Sil-
berman, Interpreting the Hague Abduction Convention: In
Search of a Global Jurisprudence, 38 U. C. D. L. Rev. 1049,
1054 (2005). Upon the child's return, the custody adjudica-
tion will proceed in that forum. See ibid. To avoid delaying
the custody proceeding, the Convention instructs contract-
ing states to "use the most expeditious procedures avail-
able" to return the child to her habitual residence. Art. 2,
Treaty Doc., at 7. See also Art. 11, id., at 9 (prescribing six
weeks as normal time for return-order decisions).
B
In 2011, Monasky and Taglieri were married in the
United States. Two years later, they relocated to Italy,
where they both found work. Neither then had definite
plans to return to the United States. During their first year
in Italy, Monasky and Taglieri lived together in Milan. But
the marriage soon deteriorated. Taglieri became physically
abusive, Monasky asserts, and "forced himself upon [her]
multiple times." 907 F. 3d 404, 406 (CA6 2018) (en banc).
About a year after their move to Italy, in May 2014,
Monasky became pregnant. Taglieri thereafter took up new
employment in the town of Lugo, while Monasky, who did
not speak Italian, remained about three hours away in Mi-
lan. The long-distance separation and a difficult pregnancy
further strained their marriage. Monasky looked into re-
turning to the United States. She applied for jobs there,
asked about U. S. divorce lawyers, and obtained cost infor-
mation from moving companies. At the same time, though,
4 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

she and Taglieri made preparations to care for their ex-
pected child in Italy. They inquired about childcare options
there, made purchases needed for their baby to live in Italy,
and found a larger apartment in a Milan suburb.
Their daughter, A. M. T., was born in February 2015.
Shortly thereafter, Monasky told Taglieri that she wanted
to divorce him, a matter they had previously broached, and
that she anticipated returning to the United States. Later,
however, she agreed to join Taglieri, together with A. M. T.,
in Lugo. The parties dispute whether they reconciled while
together in that town.
On March 31, 2015, after yet another heated argument,
Monasky fled with her daughter to the Italian police and
sought shelter in a safe house. In a written statement to
the police, Monasky alleged that Taglieri had abused her
and that she feared for her life. Two weeks later, in April
2015, Monasky and two-month-old A. M. T. left Italy for
Ohio, where they moved in with Monasky's parents.
Taglieri sought recourse in the courts. With Monasky ab-
sent from the proceedings, an Italian court granted Ta-
glieri's request to terminate Monasky's parental rights, dis-
crediting her statement to the Italian police. App. 183. In
the United States, on May 15, 2015, Taglieri petitioned the
U. S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio for the
return of A. M. T. to Italy under the Hague Convention,
pursuant to 22 U. S. C., on the ground that Italy
was her habitual residence.
The District Court granted Taglieri's petition after a four-
day bench trial. Sixth Circuit precedent at the time, the
District Court observed, instructed courts that a child ha-
bitually resides where the child has become "acclimatiz[ed]"
to her surroundings. App. to Pet. for Cert. 85a ). An infant,
however, is "too young" to acclimate to her surroundings.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 87a. The District Court therefore pro-
ceeded on the assumption that "the shared intent of the
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of the Court

[parents] is relevant in determining the habitual residence
of an infant," though "particular facts and circumstances... might necessitate the consideration [of] other factors."
Id., at 97a. The shared intention of A. M. T.'s parents, the
District Court found, was for their daughter to live in Italy,
where the parents had established a marital home "with no
definitive plan to return to the United States." Ibid. Even
if Monasky could change A. M. T.'s habitual residence uni-
laterally by making plans to raise A. M. T. away from Italy,
the District Court added, the evidence on that score indi-
cated that, until the day she fled her husband, Monasky
had "no definitive plans" to raise A. M. T. in the United
States. Id., at 98a. In line with its findings, the District
Court ordered A. M. T.'s prompt return to Italy.
The Sixth Circuit and this Court denied Monasky's re-
quests for a stay of the return order pending appeal. 907
F. 3d, at 407. In December 2016, A. M. T., nearly two years
old, was returned to Italy and placed in her father's care.1
In the United States, Monasky's appeal of the District
Court's return order proceeded. See Chafin v. Chafin, (2013) (the return of a child under the Hague
Convention does not moot an appeal of the return order). A
divided three-judge panel of the Sixth Circuit affirmed the
District Court's order, and a divided en banc court adhered
to that disposition.
The en banc majority noted first that, after the District
Court's decision, a precedential Sixth Circuit opinion, Ah-
med v. Ahmed, 867 F. 3d 682 (2017), established that, as
the District Court had assumed, an infant's habitual resi-
dence depends on "shared parental intent." 907 F. 3d, at
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Taglieri represents that "[a]n order issued by the Italian court in De-

cember 2018 awarded legal custody of A. M. T., on an interim basis, to
the Lugo municipality... with placement at [Taglieri's] residence; and
provided that mother-daughter visits would continue under the plan pre-
scribed in a court order issued earlier in 2018." Brief for Respondent 56,.
6 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

408. The en banc ma-
jority then reviewed the District Court's habitual-residence
determination for clear error and found none. Sustaining
the District Court's determination that A. M. T.'s habitual
residence was Italy, the majority rejected Monasky's argu-
ment that the District Court erred because "she and Ta-
glieri never had a 'meeting of the minds' about their child's
future home." 907 F. 3d, at 410.
No member of the en banc court disagreed with the ma-
jority's rejection of Monasky's proposed actual-agreement
requirement. Nor did any judge maintain that Italy was
not A. M. T.'s habitual residence. Judge Boggs wrote a con-
curring opinion adhering to the reasoning of his three-judge
panel majority opinion: "[A]bsent unusual circumstances,
where a child has resided exclusively in a single country,
especially with both parents, that country is the child's ha-
bitual residence." Id., at 411. The dissenters urged two
discrete objections. Some would have reviewed the District
Court's habitual-residence determination de novo. See id.,
at 419 (opinion of Moore, J.). All would have remanded for
the District Court to reconsider A. M. T.'s habitual resi-
dence in light of the Sixth Circuit's Ahmed precedent. See
907 F. 3d, at 419 -- 420; id., at 421 -- 422 (opinion of Gibbons,
J.); id., at 423 (opinion of Stranch, J.).
We granted certiorari to clarify the standard for habitual
residence, an important question of federal and interna-
tional law, in view of differences in emphasis among the
Courts of Appeals. 587 U. S. ___ (2019). Compare, e.g., 907
F. 3d, at 407 (case below) (describing inquiry into the child's
acclimatization as the "primary" approach), with, e.g.,
Mozes v. Mozes, 239 F. 3d 1067, 1073 -- 1081 (CA9 2001)
(placing greater weight on the shared intentions of the par-
ents), with, e.g., Redmond v. Redmond, 724 F. 3d 729, 746
(CA7 2013) (rejecting "rigid rules, formulas, or presump-
tions"). Certiorari was further warranted to resolve a divi-
sion in Courts of Appeals over the appropriate standard of
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

Opinion of the Court

appellate review. Compare, e.g., 907 F. 3d, at 408 -- 409 (case
below) (clear error), with, e.g., Mozes, 239 F. 3d, at 1073
(de novo).
II
The first question presented concerns the standard for
habitual residence: Is an actual agreement between the
parents on where to raise their child categorically necessary
to establish an infant's habitual residence? We hold that
the determination of habitual residence does not turn on
the existence of an actual agreement.
A
We begin with "the text of the treaty and the context in
which the written words are used." Air France v. Saks, (1985). The Hague Convention does not de-
fine the term "habitual residence." A child "resides" where
she lives. See Black's Law Dictionary 1176 (5th ed. 1979).
Her residence in a particular country can be deemed "ha-
bitual," however, only when her residence there is more
than transitory. "Habitual" implies "[c]ustomary, usual, of
the nature of a habit." Id., at 640. The Hague Convention's
text alone does not definitively tell us what makes a child's
residence sufficiently enduring to be deemed "habitual." It
surely does not say that habitual residence depends on an
actual agreement between a child's parents. But the term
"habitual" does suggest a fact-sensitive inquiry, not a cate-
gorical one.
The Convention's explanatory report confirms what the
Convention's text suggests. The report informs that habit-
ual residence is a concept "well-established... in the
Hague Conference." 1980 Conférence de La Haye de droit
international privé, Enlèvement d'enfants, E. Pérez-Vera,
8 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

Explanatory Report in 3 Actes et documents de la Qua-
torzième session, p. 445, ¶66 (1982) (Pérez-Vera).2 The re-
port refers to a child's habitual residence in fact-focused
terms: "the family and social environment in which [the
child's] life has developed." Id., at 428, ¶11. What makes a
child's residence "habitual" is therefore "some degree of in-
tegration by the child in a social and family environment."
OL v. PQ, 2017 E. C. R. No. C -- 111/17, ¶42 (Judgt. of June
8); accord Office of the Children's Lawyer v. Balev, [2018] 1
S. C. R. 398, 421, ¶43, 424 D. L. R. (4th) 391, 410, ¶43
(Can.); A v. A, [2014] A. C., ¶54 (2013) (U. K.). Accordingly,
while Federal Courts of Appeals have diverged, if only in
emphasis, in the standards they use to locate a child's ha-
bitual residence, see supra, at 6, they share a "common"
understanding: The place where a child is at home, at the
time of removal or retention, ranks as the child's habitual
residence. Karkkainen v. Kovalchuk, 445 F. 3d 280, 291
(CA3 2006).
Because locating a child's home is a fact-driven inquiry,
courts must be "sensitive to the unique circumstances of the
case and informed by common sense." Redmond, 724 F. 3d,
at 744. For older children capable of acclimating to their
surroundings, courts have long recognized, facts indicating

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 According to an analysis provided by the Department of State to the

Senate during the ratification process, the "explanatory report is recog-
nized by the [Hague] Conference as the official history and commentary
on the Convention and is a source of background on the meaning of the
provisions of the Convention." Hague International Child Abduction
Convention; Text and Legal Analysis, 51 Fed. Reg. 10503 (1986). The
explanatory report notes, however, that "it has not been approved by the
Conference, and it is possible that, despite the Rapporter's [sic] efforts to
remain objective, certain passages reflect a viewpoint which is in part
subjective." Pérez-Vera 427 -- 428, ¶8. See Abbott v. Abbott, (2010) ("We need not decide whether this Report should be given
greater weight than a scholarly commentary.").
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

Opinion of the Court

acclimatization will be highly relevant.3 Because children,
especially those too young or otherwise unable to acclimate,
depend on their parents as caregivers, the intentions and
circumstances of caregiving parents are relevant consider-
ations. No single fact, however, is dispositive across all
cases. Common sense suggests that some cases will be
straightforward: Where a child has lived in one place with
her family indefinitely, that place is likely to be her habit-
ual residence. But suppose, for instance, that an infant
lived in a country only because a caregiving parent had
been coerced into remaining there. Those circumstances
should figure in the calculus. See Karkkainen, 445 F. 3d,
at 291 ("The inquiry into a child's habitual residence is a
fact-intensive determination that cannot be reduced to a
predetermined formula and necessarily varies with the cir-
cumstances of each case.").
The treaty's "negotiation and drafting history" corrobo-
rates that a child's habitual residence depends on the spe-
cific circumstances of the particular case. Medellín v.
Texas, (2008) (noting that such history
may aid treaty interpretation). The Convention's explana-
tory report states that the Hague Conference regarded ha-
bitual residence as "a question of pure fact, differing in that
respect from domicile." Pérez-Vera 445, ¶66. The Confer-
ence deliberately chose "habitual residence" for its factual
character, making it the foundation for the Convention's re-
turn remedy in lieu of formal legal concepts like domicile

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Facts courts have considered include: "a change in geography com-

bined with the passage of an appreciable period of time," "age of the
child," "immigration status of child and parent," "academic activities,"
"social engagements," "participation in sports programs and excursions,"
"meaningful connections with the people and places in the child's new
country," "language proficiency," and "location of personal belongings."
Federal Judicial Center, J. Garbolino, The 1980 Hague Convention on
the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction: A Guide for Judges
67 -- 68 (2d ed. 2015).
10 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

and nationality. See Anton, The Hague Convention on In-
ternational Child Abduction, 30 Int'l & Comp. L. Q. 537,
544 (1981) (history of the Convention authored by the draft-
ing commission's chairman). That choice is instructive.
The signatory nations sought to afford courts charged with
determining a child's habitual residence "maximum flex-
ibility" to respond to the particular circumstances of each
case. P. Beaumont & P. McEleavy, The Hague Convention
on International Child Abduction 89 -- 90 (1999) (Beaumont
& McEleavy). The aim: to ensure that custody is adjudi-
cated in what is presumptively the most appropriate fo-
rum -- the country where the child is at home.
Our conclusion that a child's habitual residence depends
on the particular circumstances of each case is bolstered by
the views of our treaty partners. ICARA expressly recog-
nizes "the need for uniform international interpretation of
the Convention." 22 U. S. C. (3)(B). See Lozano,
572 U. S., at 13; Abbott, 560 U. S., at 16. The understand-
ing that the opinions of our sister signatories to a treaty are
due "considerable weight," this Court has said, has "special
force" in Hague Convention cases. Ibid., in turn quoting Air France, 470 U. S., at 404). The
"clear trend" among our treaty partners is to treat the de-
termination of habitual residence as a fact-driven inquiry
into the particular circumstances of the case. Balev, [2018]
1 S. C. R., at 423, ¶50, 424 D. L. R. (4th), at 411, ¶50.
Lady Hale wrote for the Supreme Court of the United
Kingdom: A child's habitual residence "depends on numer-
ous factors... with the purposes and intentions of the par-
ents being merely one of the relevant factors.... The essen-
tially factual and individual nature of the inquiry should
not be glossed with legal concepts." A, [2014] A. C., at ¶54.
The Court of Justice of the European Union, the Supreme
Court of Canada, and the High Court of Australia agree.
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

Opinion of the Court

See OL, 2017 E. C. R. No. C -- 111/17, ¶42 (the habitual res-
idence of a child "must be established... taking account of
all the circumstances of fact specific to each individual
case"); Balev, [2018] 1 S. C. R., at 421, 423 -- 430, ¶¶43, 48 -- 
71, 424 D. L. R. (4th), at 410 -- 417, ¶¶43, 48 -- 71 (adopting an
approach to habitual residence under which "[t]he judge
considers all relevant links and circumstances"); LK v.
Director-General, Dept. of Community Servs., [2009] 237
C. L. R. 582, 596, ¶35 (Austl.) ("to seek to identify a set list
of criteria that bear upon where a child is habitually resi-
dent... would deny the simple observation that the ques-
tion of habitual residence will fall for decision in a very wide
range of circumstances"). Intermediate appellate courts in
Hong Kong and New Zealand have similarly stated what
"habitual residence" imports. See LCYP v. JEK, [2015] 4
H. K. L. R. D. 798, 809 -- 810, ¶7.7 (H. K.); Punter v. Secre-
tary for Justice, [2007] 1 N. Z. L. R. 40, 71, ¶130 (N. Z.).
Tellingly, Monasky has not identified a single treaty part-
ner that has adopted her actual-agreement proposal. See
Tr. of Oral Arg. 9.4
The bottom line: There are no categorical requirements
for establishing a child's habitual residence -- least of all an
actual-agreement requirement for infants. Monasky's pro-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Monasky disputes that foreign courts apply a totality-of-the-

circumstances standard to infants, as opposed to older children. In this
regard, she points out, the Court of Justice of the European Union in-
structs that, "where 'the infant is in fact looked after by her mother,' 'it
is necessary to assess the mother's integration in her social and family
environment' in the relevant country." Reply Brief 5 -- 6. True, a caregiving par-
ent's ties to the country at issue are highly relevant. But the Court of
Justice did not hold that the caregiver's ties are the end of the inquiry.
Rather, the deciding court must "tak[e] account of all the circumstances
of fact specific to each individual case." Id., ¶56 (also
considering, among other factors, the infant's physical presence and du-
ration of time in the country).
12 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

posed actual-agreement requirement is not only unsup-
ported by the Convention's text and inconsistent with
the leeway and international harmony the Convention
demands; her proposal would thwart the Convention's
"objects and purposes." Abbott, 560 U. S., at 20. An actual-
agreement requirement would enable a parent, by with-
holding agreement, unilaterally to block any finding of ha-
bitual residence for an infant. If adopted, the requirement
would undermine the Convention's aim to stop unilateral
decisions to remove children across international borders.
Moreover, when parents' relations are acrimonious, as is of-
ten the case in controversies arising under the Convention,
agreement can hardly be expected. In short, as the Court
of Appeals observed below, "Monasky's approach would cre-
ate a presumption of no habitual residence for infants, leav-
ing the population most vulnerable to abduction the least
protected." 907 F. 3d, at 410.
B
Monasky counters that an actual-agreement requirement
is necessary to ensure "that an infant's mere physical pres-
ence in a country has a sufficiently settled quality to be
deemed 'habitual.' " Brief for Petitioner 32. An infant's
"mere physical presence," we agree, is not a dispositive in-
dicator of an infant's habitual residence. But a wide range
of facts other than an actual agreement, including facts in-
dicating that the parents have made their home in a partic-
ular place, can enable a trier to determine whether an in-
fant's residence in that place has the quality of being
"habitual."
Monasky also argues that a bright-line rule like her pro-
posed actual-agreement requirement would promote
prompt returns of abducted children and deter would-be ab-
ductors from "tak[ing] their chances" in the first place. Id.,
at 35, 38. Adjudicating a winner-takes-all evidentiary dis-
pute over whether an agreement existed, however, is
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 13

Opinion of the Court

scarcely more expeditious than providing courts with lee-
way to make "a quick impression gained on a panoramic
view of the evidence." Beaumont & McEleavy 103. When all the circumstances are
in play, would-be abductors should find it more, not less,
difficult to manipulate the reality on the ground, thus im-
peding them from forging "artificial jurisdictional links...
with a view to obtaining custody of a child." Pérez-Vera
428, ¶11.
Finally, Monasky and amici curiae raise a troublesome
matter: An actual-agreement requirement, they say, is nec-
essary to protect children born into domestic violence. Brief
for Petitioner 42 -- 44; Brief for Sanctuary for Families et al.
as Amici Curiae 11 -- 20. Domestic violence poses an "intrac-
table" problem in Hague Convention cases involving care-
giving parents fleeing with their children from abuse. Hale,
Taking Flight -- Domestic Violence and Child Abduction, 70
Current Legal Prob. 3, 11 (2017). We doubt, however, that
imposing a categorical actual-agreement requirement is an
appropriate solution, for it would leave many infants with-
out a habitual residence, and therefore outside the Conven-
tion's domain. See supra, at 11 -- 12. Settling the forum for
adjudication of a dispute over a child's custody, of course,
does not dispose of the merits of the controversy over cus-
tody. Domestic violence should be an issue fully explored
in the custody adjudication upon the child's return.
The Hague Convention, we add, has a mechanism for
guarding children from the harms of domestic violence:
Article 13(b). See Hale, 70 Current Legal Prob., at 10 -- 16
(on Hague Conference working group to develop a best-
practices guide to the interpretation and application of Article
13(b) in cases involving domestic violence). Article 13(b), as
noted supra, at 3, allows a court to refrain from ordering a
child's return to her habitual residence if "there is a grave
risk that [the child's] return would expose the child to phys-
ical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an
14 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

intolerable situation." Art. 13(b), Treaty Doc., at 10.
Monasky raised below an Article 13(b) defense to Taglieri's
return petition. In response, the District Court credited
Monasky's "deeply troubl[ing]" allegations of her exposure
to Taglieri's physical abuse. App. to Pet. for Cert. 105a. But
the District Court found "no evidence" that Taglieri ever
abused A. M. T. or otherwise disregarded her well-being.
Id., at 103a, 105a. That court also followed Circuit prece-
dent disallowing consideration of psychological harm
A. M. T. might experience due to separation from her
mother. Id., at 102a. Monasky does not challenge those
dispositions in this Court.
III
Turning to the second question presented: What is the
appropriate standard of appellate review of an initial adju-
dicator's habitual-residence determination? Neither the
Convention nor ICARA prescribes modes of appellate re-
view, other than the directive to act "expeditiously." Art.
11, Treaty Doc., at 9; see Federal Judicial Center, J. Gar-
bolino, The 1980 Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of
International Child Abduction: A Guide for Judges 162 (2d
ed. 2015) (the Convention's "emphasis on prompt disposi-
tion applies to appellate proceedings").5
Absent a treaty or statutory prescription, the appropriate
level of deference to a trial court's habitual-residence deter-
mination depends on whether that determination resolves
a question of law, a question of fact, or a mixed question of
law and fact. Generally, questions of law are reviewed

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Monasky contends that only de novo review can satisfy "the need for

uniform international interpretation of the Convention." 22 U. S. C.
(3)(B). See Brief for Petitioner 19 -- 21. However, ICARA's recog-
nition of the need for harmonious international interpretation is hardly
akin to the "clear statutory prescription" on the standard of appellate
review that Congress has provided "[f]or some few trial court determina-
tions." Pierce v. Underwood, (1988).
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 15

Opinion of the Court

de novo and questions of fact, for clear error, while the ap-
propriate standard of appellate review for a mixed question
"depends... on whether answering it entails primarily le-
gal or factual work." U. S. Bank N. A. v. Village at Lak-
eridge, LLC, 583 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2018) ( -- 9).
A child's habitual residence presents what U. S. law
types a "mixed question" of law and fact -- albeit barely so.
Id., at ___. The inquiry begins with a legal
question: What is the appropriate standard for habitual res-
idence? Once the trial court correctly identifies the govern-
ing totality-of-the-circumstances standard, however, what
remains for the court to do in applying that standard, as we
explained supra, at 7 -- 11, is to answer a factual question:
Was the child at home in the particular country at issue?
The habitual-residence determination thus presents a task
for factfinding courts, not appellate courts, and should be
judged on appeal by a clear-error review standard deferen-
tial to the factfinding court.
In selecting standards of appellate review, the Court has
also asked whether there is "a long history of appellate
practice" indicating the appropriate standard, for arriving
at the standard from first principles can prove "uncom-
monly difficult." Pierce v. Underwood, 
(1988). Although some Federal Courts of Appeals have re-
viewed habitual-residence determinations de novo, there
has been no uniform, reasoned practice in this regard, noth-
ing resembling "a historical tradition." Ibid. See also
supra, at 6 -- 7 (noting a Circuit split). Moreover, when a
mixed question has a factual foundation as evident as the
habitual-residence inquiry here does, there is scant cause
to default to historical practice.
Clear-error review has a particular virtue in Hague Con-
vention cases. As a deferential standard of review, clear-
error review speeds up appeals and thus serves the Conven-
tion's premium on expedition. See Arts. 2, 11, Treaty Doc.,
at 7, 9. Notably, courts of our treaty partners review first-
16 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of the Court

instance habitual-residence determinations deferentially.
See, e.g., Balev, [2018] 1 S. C. R., at 419, ¶38, 424 D. L. R.
(4th), at 408, ¶38; Punter, [2007] 1 N. Z. L. R., at 88, ¶204;
AR v. RN, [2015] UKSC 35, ¶18.
IV
Although agreeing with the manner in which the Court
has resolved the two questions presented, the United
States, as an amicus curiae supporting neither party, sug-
gests remanding to the Court of Appeals rather than affirm-
ing that court's judgment. Brief for United States as Ami-
cus Curiae 28. Ordinarily, we might take that course,
giving the lower courts an opportunity to apply the gov-
erning totality-of-the-circumstances standard in the first
instance.
Under the circumstances of this case, however, we decline
to disturb the judgment below. True, the lower courts
viewed A. M. T.'s situation through the lens of her parents'
shared intentions. But, after a four-day bench trial, the
District Court had before it all the facts relevant to the dis-
pute. Asked at oral argument to identify any additional fact
the District Court did not digest, counsel for the United
States offered none. Tr. of Oral Arg. 38. Monasky and Ta-
glieri agree that their dispute "requires no 'further factual
development,' " and neither party asks for a remand. Reply
Brief 22.
Monasky does urge the Court to reverse if it rests
A. M. T.'s habitual residence on all relevant circumstances.
She points to her "absence of settled ties to Italy" and the
"unsettled and unstable conditions in which A. M. T. re-
sided in Italy." Reply Brief 19 (internal quotation marks
and alteration omitted). The District Court considered the
competing facts bearing on those assertions, however, in-
cluding the fraught circumstances in which the parties'
marriage unraveled. That court nevertheless found that
Monasky had sufficient ties to Italy such that "[a]rguably,
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 17

Opinion of the Court

[she] was a habitual resident of Italy." App. to Pet. for Cert.
91a. And, despite the rocky state of the marriage, the Dis-
trict Court found beyond question that A. M. T. was born
into "a marital home in Italy," one that her parents estab-
lished "with no definitive plan to return to the United
States." Id., at 97a. Nothing in the record suggests that
the District Court would appraise the facts differently on
remand.
A remand would consume time when swift resolution is
the Convention's objective. The instant return-order pro-
ceedings began a few months after A. M. T.'s birth. She is
now five years old. The more than four-and-a-half-year du-
ration of this litigation dwarfs the six-week target time for
resolving a return-order petition. See Art. 11, Treaty Doc.,
at 9. Taglieri represents that custody of A. M. T. has so far
been resolved only "on an interim basis," Brief for Respond-
ent 56, and that custody proceedings, including the
matter of Monasky's parental rights, remain pending in It-
aly. Tr. of Oral Arg. 60 -- 61. Given the exhaustive record
before the District Court, the absence of any reason to an-
ticipate that the District Court's judgment would change on
a remand that neither party seeks, and the protraction of
proceedings thus far, final judgment on A. M. T.'s return is
in order.
* * *
For the reasons stated, the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit is
Affirmed.
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 18 -- 935
_________________

MICHELLE MONASKY, PETITIONER v.
DOMENICO TAGLIERI
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT
[February 25, 2020]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
The Court correctly concludes that an actual agreement
between parents is not necessary to establish the habitual
residence of an infant who is too young to acclimatize.* I
also agree with the Court's conclusion that the habitual-
residence inquiry is intensely fact driven, requiring courts
to take account of the unique circumstances of each case. I
write separately, however, because I would decide this case
principally on the plain meaning of the treaty's text.
I
This case requires us to interpret the Hague Convention
on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction, Oct.
25, 1980, T. I. A. S. No. 11670, S. Treaty Doc. No. 99 -- 11, as
implemented by the International Child Abduction Reme-
dies Act (ICARA), as amended, 22 U. S. C. et seq. Ar-
ticle 3 of the Convention provides that the "removal or the
retention of a child is to be considered wrongful" when "it is
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* The Court states that we "granted certiorari to clarify the standard
for habitual residence," ante, at 6, and the opinion contains language that
may be read to apply to older children, see, e.g., ante, at 8 -- 9. But the
relevant question presented focuses exclusively on the habitual residence
of "an infant [who] is too young to acclimate to her surroundings." Pet.
for Cert. i. I would confine our analysis to that distinct question, which
is the only one briefed by the parties.
2 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

in breach of rights of custody attributed to a person... un-
der the law of the State in which the child was habitually
resident immediately before the removal or retention" and
"at the time of removal or retention those rights were actu-
ally exercised." S. Treaty Doc. No. 99 -- 11, at 7. Under
ICARA, a parent may petition a federal or state court to re-
turn an abducted child to the child's country of habitual res-
idence.. ICARA does not define habitual resi-
dence; it merely states that the petitioning parent must
"establish by a preponderance of the evidence... that the
child has been wrongfully removed or retained within the
meaning of the Convention." (1)(A). The Conven-
tion also does not define the phrase.
" 'The interpretation of a treaty, like the interpretation of
a statute, begins with its text.' " Abbott v. Abbott, (2010) ). The Court recognizes this fact, but it concludes
that the text only "suggests" that habitual residence is a
fact-driven inquiry, and ultimately relies on atextual
sources to "confir[m] what the Convention's text suggests."
Ante, at 7. In my view, the ordinary meaning of the relevant
language at the time of the treaty's enactment provides
strong evidence that the habitual-residence inquiry is in-
herently fact driven. See Schindler Elevator Corp. v.
United States ex rel. Kirk, (2011).
In 1980, as today, "habitual" referred to something that
was "[c]ustomary" or "usual." Black's Law Dictionary 640
(5th ed. 1979); see also 6 Oxford English Dictionary 996 (2d
ed. 1989) ("existing as a settled practice or condition; con-
stantly repeated or continued; customary"); Webster's
Third New International Dictionary 1017 (1976) (similar).
And "residence" referred to a "[p]ersonal presence at some
place of abode," Black's Law Dictionary, at 1176, "one's
usual dwelling-place," 13 Oxford English Dictionary, at
707, or "the act or fact of abiding or dwelling in a place for
some time," Webster's Third New International Dictionary,
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

at 1931; see also ibid. ("a temporary or permanent dwelling
place, abode, or habitation").
These definitions demonstrate that the concept of habit-
ual residence for a child too young to acclimatize cannot be
reduced to a neat set of necessary and sufficient conditions.
Answering the question of what is customary or usual, for
instance, requires judges to consider a host of facts, such as
the presence or absence of bank accounts and driver's li-
censes, the length and type of employment, and the
strength and duration of other community ties. Determin-
ing whether there is a residence involves the consideration
of factors such as the presence or absence of a permanent
home, the duration in the country at issue, and, in some
cases, an actual agreement between the parents to reside in
a particular place. Accordingly, the ordinary meaning of
the phrase "habitual residence" provides strong support for
the conclusion that an objective agreement between the
child's parents is not required. This plain meaning should
serve as the primary guide for our interpretation. See Wa-
ter Splash, Inc. v. Menon, 581 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ; Olympic Airways v. Husain, (2004).
II
This case exemplifies the wisdom of firmly anchoring our
discussion in the text before turning to the decisions of sis-
ter signatories -- especially when those decisions are not
contemporaneous with the treaty's passage. Here, the
Court finds it meaningful that foreign courts have inter-
preted the phrase "habitual residence" as a fact-driven in-
quiry. Ante, at 10 -- 11. Though a " 'clear trend' " has cer-
tainly emerged in foreign courts, ante, at 10, this consensus
appears to have developed only within the past decade.
Lady Hale of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom
noted as much in the 2013 decision cited by the Court. As
she explained, for many years "the English courts [had]
4 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

been tempted to overlay the factual concept of habitual res-
idence with legal constructs," creating legal rules that dic-
tated a child's habitual residence. A v. A, [2014] A. C. ¶39
(2013) (U. K.); see also id., ¶37. According to one commen-
tator writing in 2001, though "academics and judges" had
stressed "that the term should not be treated as a term of
art and should not be complicated by technical legal re-
quirements similar to those applicable to the concept of
domicile," "in some cases these statements seem[ed] to have
been pure lip-service, since many courts [were] unable to
resist the temptation to 'legalise' the concept." Schuz, Ha-
bitual Residence of Children Under the Hague Child Ab-
duction Convention -- Theory and Practice, 13 Child & Fam-
ily L. Q. 1, 4 (2001). Thus, until recently, "[t]he approach of
many [foreign] courts [had] been to focus exclusively on the
purpose of the parents in relocating," an inquiry that
speaks to the legal concept of domicile. Schuz, Policy Con-
siderations in Determining the Habitual Residence of a
Child and the Relevance Of Context, 11 J. Transnat'l L. &
Pol'y 101, 103 (2001) (footnote omitted).
It seems, then, that it took approximately 30 years from
the time of the Convention's enactment in 1980 for foreign
jurisdictions to coalesce around an interpretation of habit-
ual residence. This relatively recent evolution brings into
bold relief the risk of relying too heavily on the decisions of
foreign courts in lieu of a fulsome textual analysis. Because
the decisions are not contemporaneous with the treaty's
passage, they do not necessarily provide the best evidence
of the original understanding of the phrase. And reflexively
looking to foreign courts raises the question whether this
Court would have resolved this case differently had the is-
sue been presented in 1990, 2000, or even 2010, before the
clear trend emerged.
The Court attempts to sidestep this difficulty by pointing
to a statement in ICARA's preamble that stresses "the need
for uniform international interpretation of the Convention."
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

22 U. S. C. (3)(B); see ante, at 10. It should go with-
out saying that if our independent assessment of habitual
residence led to a conclusion that diverged from the emerg-
ing consensus, invocation of this prefatory language to force
agreement at the expense of plain meaning would be un-
founded. By relying too heavily on the judicial decisions of
the treaty's other signatories, rather than on a more thor-
ough textual analysis, we risk being persuaded to reach the
popular answer, but perhaps not the correct one. In short,
"we should not substitute the judgment of other courts for
our own." Abbott, 560 U. S., at 43 (Stevens, J., dissenting);
see also Olympic Airways, 540 U. S., at 655,.
To avoid these potential pitfalls, I would rely on the plain
meaning of "habitual residence" to conclude that an actual
agreement is not necessary. See supra, at 2 -- 3. That con-
clusion is bolstered by the Convention's explanatory report.
Interpretations from the courts of sister signatories, though
recent, also support the conclusion because they align with
the meaning of the text and our own independent judgment.
Because the Court places insufficient weight on the treaty's
text, I cannot join Part II of its opinion.
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2019) 1

Opinion of ALITO, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 18 -- 935
_________________

MICHELLE MONASKY, PETITIONER v.
DOMENICO TAGLIERI
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT
[February 25, 2020]

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring in part and concurring in the
judgment.
I agree with the Court on almost all the issues in this
case. Specifically, I agree (1) that analysis of the question
of "habitual residence" should be based on a range of factors
and should be attentive to the particular facts of each case,
(2) that a child may have a habitual residence in a country
without a parental agreement to that effect, (3) that our in-
terpretation of habitual residence should take into account
the interpretations of other signatory nations, (4) that a dis-
trict court's decision on habitual residence is entitled to def-
erence on appeal, and (5) that the judgment below should
be affirmed. I also agree with JUSTICE THOMAS that we
must independently interpret the meaning of "habitual
residence."
So what does it mean? The term "habitual" is used to
refer to a cluster of related concepts. It can be used to refer
to things done by habit, as well as things that are "con-
stantly repeated or continued," "usual," or "accustomed." 6
Oxford English Dictionary 996 (2d ed. 1989); see also Web-
ster's Third New International Dictionary 1017 (1976). If
taken in isolation, each of these understandings might lead
to a different analysis in applying the concept of "habitual
residence" under the Convention. See Hague Convention
on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction, Oct.
2 MONASKY v. TAGLIERI

Opinion of ALITO, J.

25, 1980, T. I. A. S. No. 11670, S. Treaty Doc. No. 99 -- 11.
But I think the Court accurately captures what the term
means under the Convention when it says that a child's ha-
bitual residence is the child's "home." Ante, at 8, 10, 15.
Of course the concept of "home" is also multifaceted. It
can be used to signify the place where a person generally
sleeps, eats, works, and engages in social and recreational
activities, but it can also mean the place where a person
feels most comfortable and the place to which the person
has the strongest emotional ties. See 7 Oxford English Dic-
tionary, at 322 -- 323; Webster's Third New International
Dictionary, at 1082. As best I can determine, the concept of
"habitual residence" under the Convention embraces all of
these meanings to some degree. If forced to try to synthe-
size them, I would say it means the place where the child in
fact has been living for an extended period -- unless that
place was never regarded as more than temporary or there
is another place to which the child has a strong attachment.
I think this is the core of what courts have made of the con-
cept of "habitual residence," and it appears to represent the
best distillation of the various shades of meaning of the
term taken in context.
So interpreted, "habitual residence" is not a pure ques-
tion of fact, at least as we understand that concept in our
legal system. But it does involve a heavily factual inquiry.
For these reasons, I would say that the standard of review
on appeal is abuse of discretion, not clear error. As a prac-
tical matter, the difference may be no more than minimal.
The important point is that great deference should be af-
forded to the District Court's determination.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
Under the Bankruptcy Code, filing a petition for bank-
ruptcy automatically "operates as a stay" of creditors' debt-
collection efforts outside the umbrella of the bankruptcy
case. 11 U. S. C.. The question this case presents
concerns the finality of, and therefore the time allowed for
appeal from, a bankruptcy court's order denying a creditor's
request for relief from the automatic stay. In civil litigation
generally, a court's decision ordinarily becomes "final," for
purposes of appeal, only upon completion of the entire case,
i.e., when the decision "terminate[s the] action" or "ends the
litigation on the merits and leaves nothing for the court to
do but execute the judgment." Gelboim v. Bank of America
Corp., (2015). The regime in bankruptcy is different. A bank-
ruptcy case embraces "an aggregation of individual contro-
versies." 1 Collier on Bankruptcy ¶5.08[b], p. 5 -- 43 (16th
ed. 2019). Orders in bankruptcy cases qualify as "final"
when they definitively dispose of discrete disputes within
the overarching bankruptcy case. Bullard v. Blue Hills
Bank, (2015).
2 RITZEN GROUP, INC. v. JACKSON MASONRY, LLC

Opinion of the Court

The precise issue the Court today decides: Does a credi-
tor's motion for relief from the automatic stay initiate a dis-
tinct proceeding terminating in a final, appealable order
when the bankruptcy court rules dispositively on the mo-
tion? In agreement with the courts below, our answer is
"yes." We hold that the adjudication of a motion for relief
from the automatic stay forms a discrete procedural unit
within the embracive bankruptcy case. That unit yields a
final, appealable order when the bankruptcy court unre-
servedly grants or denies relief.
I
In civil litigation generally, 28 U. S. C. governs ap-
peals from "final decisions." Under that provision, a party
may appeal to a court of appeals as of right from "final de-
cisions of the district courts." Ibid. A "final decision" within
the meaning of is normally limited to an order that
resolves the entire case. Accordingly, the appellant must
raise all claims of error in a single appeal. See In re Saco
Local Development Corp., 711 F. 2d 441, 443 (CA1 1983)
(Breyer, J.) ("Traditionally, every civil action in a federal
court has been viewed as a 'single judicial unit,' from which
only one appeal would lie."). This understanding of the
term "final decision" precludes "piecemeal, prejudgment ap-
peals" that would "undermin[e] efficient judicial admin-
istration and encroac[h] upon the prerogatives of district
court judges." Bullard, 575 U. S., at 501 ; in-
ternal quotation marks omitted).
The ordinary understanding of "final decision" is not at-
tuned to the distinctive character of bankruptcy litigation.
A bankruptcy case encompasses numerous "individual con-
troversies, many of which would exist as stand-alone law-
suits but for the bankrupt status of the debtor." Bullard,
575 U. S., at 501. It is
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 3

Opinion of the Court

thus common for bankruptcy courts to resolve discrete con-
troversies definitively while the umbrella bankruptcy case re-
mains pending. Delaying appeals from discrete, controversy-
resolving decisions in bankruptcy cases would long
postpone appellate review of fully adjudicated disputes.
Moreover, controversies adjudicated during the life of a
bankruptcy case may be linked, one dependent on the out-
come of another. Delaying appeal until the termination of
the entire bankruptcy case, therefore, could have this unto-
ward consequence: Reversal of a decision made early on
could require the bankruptcy court to unravel later adjudi-
cations rendered in reliance on an earlier decision.
The provision on appeals to U. S. district courts from de-
cisions of bankruptcy courts is 28 U. S. C.. Under
that provision, an appeal of right lies from "final judgments,
orders, and decrees" entered by bankruptcy courts "in cases
and proceedings." Ibid. By providing for appeals from final
decisions in bankruptcy "proceedings," as distinguished
from bankruptcy "cases," Congress made "orders in bank-
ruptcy cases... immediately appeal[able] if they finally dis-
pose of discrete disputes within the larger [bankruptcy]
case." Bullard, 575 U. S., at 501 ); see In re Saco Local Development Corp., 711
F. 2d, at 444 -- 447. In short, "the usual judicial unit for an-
alyzing finality in ordinary civil litigation is the case, [but]
in bankruptcy[,] it is [often] the proceeding." Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae 10.
Correct delineation of the dimensions of a bankruptcy
"proceeding" is a matter of considerable importance. An er-
roneous identification of an interlocutory order as a final
decision may yield an appeal over which the appellate fo-
rum lacks jurisdiction. Conversely, an erroneous identifi-
cation of a final order as interlocutory may cause a party to
miss the appellate deadline.
4 RITZEN GROUP, INC. v. JACKSON MASONRY, LLC

Opinion of the Court

II
The dispute at hand involves a contract in which Ritzen
Group, Inc. (Ritzen) agreed to buy land in Nashville, Ten-
nessee from Jackson Masonry, LLC (Jackson). The land
sale was never effected. Blaming Jackson for the deal's un-
raveling, Ritzen sued for breach of contract in Tennessee
state court. After over a year of litigation, just days before
trial was to begin, Jackson filed for bankruptcy under
Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. By operation of the
Bankruptcy Code's automatic stay provision, 11 U. S. C., the state-court litigation was put on hold.
Ritzen filed a motion in the Federal Bankruptcy Court for
relief from the automatic stay, seeking an order allowing
the trial to proceed in state court. Ritzen argued that relief
would promote judicial economy and that Jackson had filed
for bankruptcy in bad faith. After a hearing, the Bank-
ruptcy Court denied the motion. The Bankruptcy Code and
Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure require parties to
appeal from a final order "within 14 days after entry of the... order... being appealed." 28 U. S. C. (2); Fed.
Rule Bkrtcy. Proc. 8002(a). Ritzen did not appeal from the
order refusing to lift the stay within the prescribed period.
In pursuit of the breach-of-contract claim initially com-
menced in state court, Ritzen filed a proof of claim against
the bankruptcy estate. Following an adversary proceeding,
the Bankruptcy Court found that Ritzen, not Jackson, was
the party in breach of the land-sale contract because Ritzen
failed to secure financing by the closing date. The court
therefore disallowed Ritzen's claim against the bankruptcy
estate. Without objection from Ritzen, the court confirmed
Jackson's plan of reorganization. The plan permanently en-
joined all creditors from the "commencement or continua-
tion of any... proceeding against [d]ebtor... on account
of [c]laims against [d]ebtor." Debtor's Plan of Reorganiza-
tion in No. 3:16 -- bk -- 02065 (MD Tenn.), p. 15.
Thereafter, Ritzen filed two separate notices of appeal in
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 5

Opinion of the Court

the District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee.
First, Ritzen challenged the Bankruptcy Court's order
denying relief from the automatic stay. Second, Ritzen
challenged the court's resolution of its breach-of-contract
claim.
The District Court rejected the first of Ritzen's appeals as
untimely, holding that under (2) and Federal Rule of
Bankruptcy Procedure 8002(a), time to appeal expired 14
days after the Bankruptcy Court's entry of the order deny-
ing relief from the automatic stay. Turning to the appeal
from the Bankruptcy Court's rejection of Ritzen's breach-of-
contract claim, the District Court ruled against Ritzen on
the merits.
On further appeal, the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit affirmed the District Court's dispositions. As to the
timeliness of the first notice of appeal, the Court of Appeals
rendered this determination: Adjudication of Ritzen's mo-
tion for relief from the automatic stay qualified as a discrete
"proceeding," commencing with the filing of the motion, fol-
lowed by procedural steps, and culminating in a "[disposi-
tive] decision based on the application of a legal standard."
In re Jackson Masonry, LLC, 906 F. 3d 494, 499 -- 500
(2018).1 The 14-day appeal clock, the Court of Appeals
therefore concluded, ran from the order denying the motion
to lift the stay, a disposition "(1) entered in a proceeding
and (2) final[ ly] terminating that proceeding." Id., at 499
(alterations omitted).
We granted certiorari to resolve whether orders denying
relief from bankruptcy's automatic stay are final, therefore

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The "procedural steps" included Ritzen's provision of notice to Jack-

son and the Bankruptcy Court's conduct of a hearing at which the parties
presented witness testimony and other evidence. App. to Pet. for Cert.
48a. The question under the "applicable legal standard": Did Ritzen es-
tablish "cause" to permit the state-court litigation to proceed. See id., at
52a -- 67a; 11 U. S. C. (1).
6 RITZEN GROUP, INC. v. JACKSON MASONRY, LLC

Opinion of the Court

immediately appealable under (1). 587 U. S. ___
(2019).
III
A
This Court's opinion in Bullard v. Blue Hills Bank, guides our application of 's finality re-
quirement. Addressing repayment plan confirmations un-
der Chapter 13, we held in Bullard that a bankruptcy
court's order rejecting a proposed plan was not "final" under
because it did not conclusively resolve the relevant
"proceeding." Id., at 499, 502 -- 503. The plan-confirmation
process, the Bullard opinion explains, involves back and
forth negotiations. See id., at 502. Plan proposal rejections
may be followed by amended or new proposals. Only plan
approval, we observed, "alters the status quo and fixes the
rights and obligations of the parties." Ibid. "Denial of con-
firmation with leave to amend," by contrast, leaves the
"parties' rights and obligations... unsettled," and therefore
cannot be typed "final." Id., at 503. The appropriate proce-
dural unit for determining finality, we concluded, is not a
plan proposal, it is "the process of attempting to arrive at
an approved plan." Id., at 502.
B
We take up next the application of Bullard's analysis to
a bankruptcy court's order denying relief from the auto-
matic stay. As earlier stated, see supra, at 1, under the
Bankruptcy Code, the filing of a bankruptcy petition auto-
matically halts efforts to collect prepetition debts from the
bankrupt debtor outside the bankruptcy forum. 11 U. S. C.. The stay serves to "maintai[n] the status quo and
preven[t] dismemberment of the estate" during the pen-
dency of the bankruptcy case. 1 Collier ¶1.05, p. 1 -- 19; 3
id., ¶362.03, p. 362 -- 23. Among other things, the stay bars
commencement or continuation of lawsuits to recover from
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 7

Opinion of the Court

the debtor, enforcement of liens or judgments against the
debtor, and exercise of control over the debtor's property..
A creditor may seek relief from the stay by filing in the
bankruptcy court a motion for an order "terminating, an-
nulling, modifying, or conditioning" the stay, asserting in
support of the motion either "cause" or the presence of spec-
ified conditions.. A majority of circuits and the
leading treatises regard orders denying such motions as fi-
nal, immediately appealable decisions.2 We reach the same
conclusion.
Bullard instructs that we inquire "how to define the im-
mediately appealable 'proceeding' in the context of [stay-
relief motions]." 575 U. S., at 502. Jackson urges that, as the
Court of Appeals held, adjudication of a stay-relief motion
is a discrete "proceeding." Ritzen urges that stay-relief ad-
judication is properly considered a first step in the process
of adjudicating a creditor's claim against the estate.
We agree with the Court of Appeals and Jackson that the
appropriate "proceeding" is the stay-relief adjudication. A
bankruptcy court's order ruling on a stay-relief motion dis-
poses of a procedural unit anterior to, and separate from,

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 See, e.g., Rajala v. Gardner, 709 F. 3d 1031, 1034 (CA10 2013); In re

Excel Innovations, Inc., 502 F. 3d 1086, 1092 (CA9 2007); In re James
Wilson Assocs., 965 F. 2d 160, 166 (CA7 1992); In re Sonnax Industries,
Inc., 907 F. 2d 1280, 1284 -- 1285 (CA2 1990); In re Lieb, 915 F. 2d 180,
185, (CA5 1990); Grundy Nat. Bank v. Tandem Mining Corp., 754
F. 2d 1436, 1439 (CA4 1985), overruled in part on other grounds by
United Sav. Assn. of Tex. v. Timbers of Inwood Forest Associates, Ltd.,
(1988); In re American Mariner Industries, Inc., 734 F. 2d
426, 429 (CA9 1984), overruled in part on other grounds by Timbers of
Inwood Forest Associates, Ltd., ; In re Leimer, 724 F. 2d 744,
745 (CA8 1984); 16 C. Wright, A. Miller, & E. Cooper, Federal Practice
and Procedure.2, p. 352, nn. 39 -- 40 (3d ed. 2012 and Supp. 2019)
("Automatic-stay rulings by a bankruptcy judge or appellate panel
should be appealable as final decisions."). See also 1 Collier on Bank-
ruptcy ¶5.09, pp. 5 -- 55 to 5 -- 57 (16th ed. 2019).
8 RITZEN GROUP, INC. v. JACKSON MASONRY, LLC

Opinion of the Court

claim-resolution proceedings. Adjudication of a stay-relief
motion, as just observed, occurs before and apart from pro-
ceedings on the merits of creditors' claims: The motion ini-
tiates a discrete procedural sequence, including notice and
a hearing, and the creditor's qualification for relief turns on
the statutory standard, i.e., "cause" or the presence of spec-
ified conditions., (e); Fed. Rules Bkrtcy. Proc.
4001(a)(1) and (2), 9014 (describing procedure for adjudicat-
ing motions for relief from automatic stay). Resolution of
stay-relief motions does not occur as part of the adversary
claims-adjudication process, proceedings typically governed
by state substantive law. See Butner v. United States, -- 55 (1979). Under Bullard, a discrete dispute
of this kind constitutes an independent "proceeding" within
the meaning of 28 U. S. C.. 575 U. S., at 502 -- 505.
Our conclusion that the relevant "proceeding" is the stay-
relief adjudication is consistent with statutory text. See id.,
at 503. A provision neighboring, (2)(G),
types motions to terminate, annul, or modify the automatic
stay as "core proceedings" arising in a bankruptcy case.
Section 157(b)(2) lists those motions separately from the
"allowance or disallowance of claims against the estate."
(2)(B), (G). Although the discrete "core proceedings"
listings "hardly clinc[h] the matter," as the "provision's pur-
pose is not to explain appealability," they are a "textual
clue" that Congress viewed adjudication of stay-relief mo-
tions as "proceedings" distinct from claim adjudication.
Bullard, 575 U. S., at 503.
C
In Ritzen's view, the position Jackson advances and we
adopt "slic[es] the case too thin." Id., at 502. Ritzen asserts
that an order denying stay relief simply decides the forum
for adjudication of adversary claims -- bankruptcy court or
state court -- and therefore should be treated as merely a
preliminary step in the claims-adjudication process. Brief
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 9

Opinion of the Court

for Petitioner 19 -- 21, 26 -- 28.
Courts, we agree, should not define "proceeding" to in-
clude disputes over minor details about how a bankruptcy
case will unfold. As we put it in Bullard, "[t]he concept of
finality cannot stretch to cover, for example, an order re-
solving a disputed request for an extension of time." 575
U. S., at 505.
But Ritzen incorrectly characterizes denial of stay relief
as determining nothing more than the forum for claim ad-
judication. Resolution of a motion for stay relief can have
large practical consequences. See 3 Collier ¶362.03, pp.
362 -- 23 to 362 -- 24. Disposition of the motion determines
whether a creditor can isolate its claim from those of other
creditors and go it alone outside bankruptcy. It can also
affect the manner in which adversary claims will be adjudi-
cated. See 11 U. S. C. (permitting summary adjudica-
tion or estimation of amounts due in bankruptcy claims ad-
judication). These are not matters of minor detail; they can
significantly increase creditors' costs. Leaving the stay in
place may, inter alia, delay collection of a debt or cause col-
lateral to decline in value. See Brief for United States as
Amicus Curiae 14.
Ruling on a motion for stay relief, it is true, will deter-
mine where the adjudication of an adversary claim will take
place -- in the bankruptcy forum or state court. But that ef-
fect does not render a ruling nonfinal. Orders denying a
plaintiff the opportunity to seek relief in its preferred forum
often qualify as final and immediately appealable, though
they leave the plaintiff free to sue elsewhere. Notably, dis-
missal for want of personal jurisdiction ranks as a final de-
cision. See Daimler AG v. Bauman, -- 125
(2014). So too, dismissal for improper venue, or under the
doctrine of forum non conveniens. See United States v. Wal-
lace & Tiernan Co., -- 795, (1949); 15A
C. Wright, A. Miller, & E. Cooper, Federal Practice and Pro-
10 RITZEN GROUP, INC. v. JACKSON MASONRY, LLC

Opinion of the Court

cedure.6, 3914.12 (2d ed. 1992 and Supp. 2019) (col-
lecting cases on appealability of dismissal without prejudice
to filing in another forum).3
Ritzen's position encounters a further shoal: Many mo-
tions to lift the automatic stay do not involve adversary
claims against the debtor that would be pursued in another
forum but for bankruptcy. Bankruptcy's embracive auto-
matic stay stops even nonjudicial efforts to obtain or control
the debtor's assets. See. Motions for stay relief
may, for example, seek permission to repossess or liquidate
collateral, to terminate a lease, or to set off debts. Ibid.
These matters do not concern the forum for, and cannot be
considered part of, any subsequent claim adjudication. See
Brief for National Association of Consumer Bankruptcy At-
torneys as Amicus Curiae 23 -- 24. We see no good reason to
treat stay adjudication as the relevant "proceeding" in only
a subset of cases. As we have held in another context, "the
issue of appealability" should "be determined for the entire
category to which a claim belongs." Digital Equipment
Corp. v. Desktop Direct, Inc., (1994) (ad-
dressing collateral order doctrine).
Ritzen alternatively argues that, even if an order denying
stay relief is not part of the claims-adjudication process, the
order should nonetheless rank as nonfinal where, as here,
the bankruptcy court's decision turns on a substantive issue
that may be raised later in the litigation. Brief for Peti-
tioner 45. Specifically, Ritzen stresses that it based its
stay-relief motion largely on an argument that Jackson
filed for bankruptcy in bad faith, an issue that could have
been urged again later in the bankruptcy case. Ibid.
That argument is misaddressed. Section 158(a) asks

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 We note, however, that within the federal court system, when venue

is laid in the wrong district, or when the plaintiff chooses an inconvenient
forum, transfer rather than dismissal is ordinarily ordered if "in the in-
terest of justice." 28 U. S. C., 1406.
 Cite as: 589 U. S. ____ (2020) 11

Opinion of the Court

whether the order in question terminates a procedural unit
separate from the remaining case, not whether the bank-
ruptcy court has preclusively resolved a substantive issue.
It does not matter whether the court rested its decision on
a determination potentially pertinent to other disputes in
the bankruptcy case, so long as the order conclusively re-
solved the movant's entitlement to the requested relief.
Finally, Ritzen protests that the rule we adopt will en-
courage piecemeal appeals and unduly disrupt the effi-
ciency of the bankruptcy process. Id., at 48 -- 52. As we see
it, classifying as final all orders conclusively resolving stay-
relief motions will avoid, rather than cause, "delays and in-
efficiencies." Bullard, 575 U. S., at 504. Immediate appeal,
if successful, will permit creditors to establish their rights
expeditiously outside the bankruptcy process, affecting the
relief sought and awarded later in the bankruptcy case.
The rule Ritzen urges "would force creditors who lose stay-
relief motions to fully litigate their claims in bankruptcy
court and then, after the bankruptcy case is over, appeal
and seek to redo the litigation all over again in the original
court." 906 F. 3d, at 503.
This case is illustrative. After the Bankruptcy Court de-
nied Ritzen's motion for relief from the automatic stay,
Ritzen filed a claim against Jackson in the Bankruptcy
Court. The parties and court expended substantial re-
sources definitively litigating the dueling breach-of-
contract allegations, and Ritzen lost. The Bankruptcy Court
thereafter considered and confirmed Jackson's reorganiza-
tion plan. By endeavoring now to appeal the stay-relief or-
der, after forgoing an appeal directly after the denial,
Ritzen seeks to return to square one. Its aim, to relitigate
the opposing contract claims in state court. Nevermind
that the Bankruptcy Court has fully adjudicated the con-
tract claims and has, without objection from Ritzen, ap-
proved Jackson's reorganization plan. The second bite
Ritzen seeks scarcely advances the finality principle.
12 RITZEN GROUP, INC. v. JACKSON MASONRY, LLC

Opinion of the Court

IV
Because the appropriate "proceeding" in this case is the
adjudication of the motion for relief from the automatic
stay, the Bankruptcy Court's order conclusively denying
that motion is "final." The court's order ended the stay-
relief adjudication and left nothing more for the Bankruptcy
Court to do in that proceeding.4 The Court of Appeals there-
fore correctly ranked the order as final and immediately ap-
pealable, and correctly affirmed the District Court's dismis-
sal of Ritzen's appeal as untimely.
* * *
For the reasons stated, the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals is
Affirmed.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 We do not decide whether finality would attach to an order denying

stay relief if the bankruptcy court enters it "without prejudice" because
further developments might change the stay calculus. Nothing in the
record before us suggests that this is such an order.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Court resolves in this opinion a question of standing
to appeal. In 2011, after the 2010 census, Virginia redrew
legislative districts for the State's Senate and House of
Delegates. Voters in 12 of the impacted House districts
sued two Virginia state agencies and four election officials
(collectively, State Defendants) charging that the redrawn
districts were racially gerrymandered in violation of the
Fourteenth Amendment's Equal Protection Clause. The
Virginia House of Delegates and its Speaker (collectively,
the House) intervened as defendants and carried the
laboring oar in urging the constitutionality of the chal-
lenged districts at a bench trial, see Bethune-Hill v. Vir-
ginia State Bd. of Elections, 141 F. Supp. 3d 505 (ED Va.
2015), on appeal to this Court, see Bethune-Hill v. Virginia
State Bd. of Elections, 580 U. S. ___ (2017), and at a sec-
ond bench trial. In June 2018, after the second bench
trial, a three-judge District Court in the Eastern District
of Virginia, dividing 2 to 1, held that in 11 of the districts
"the [S]tate ha[d] [unconstitutionally] sorted voters...
based on the color of their skin." Bethune-Hill v. Virginia
2 VIRGINIA HOUSE OF DELEGATES v. BETHUNE-HILL

Opinion of the Court

State Bd. of Elections, 326 F. Supp. 3d 128, 180 (2018).
The court therefore enjoined Virginia "from conducting
any elections... for the office of Delegate... in the Chal-
lenged Districts until a new redistricting plan is adopted."
Id., at 227. Recognizing the General Assembly's "primary
jurisdiction" over redistricting, the District Court gave the
General Assembly approximately four months to "adop[t] a
new redistricting plan that eliminate[d] the constitutional
infirmity." Ibid.
A few weeks after the three-judge District Court's rul-
ing, Virginia's Attorney General announced, both publicly
and in a filing with the District Court, that the State
would not pursue an appeal to this Court. Continuing the
litigation, the Attorney General concluded, "would not be
in the best interest of the Commonwealth or its citizens."
Defendants' Opposition to Intervenor-Defendants' Motion
to Stay Injunction Pending Appeal Under 28 U. S. C.
in No. 3:14 -- cv -- 852 (ED Va.), Doc. 246, p. 1. The
House, however, filed an appeal to this Court, App. to
Juris. Statement 357 -- 358, which the State Defendants
moved to dismiss for want of standing. We postponed
probable jurisdiction, 586 U. S. ___ (2018), and now grant
the State Defendants' motion. The House, we hold, lacks
authority to displace Virginia's Attorney General as repre-
sentative of the State. We further hold that the House, as
a single chamber of a bicameral legislature, has no stand-
ing to appeal the invalidation of the redistricting plan
separately from the State of which it is a part. 1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 After
the General Assembly failed to enact a new redistricting plan
within the four months allowed by the District Court, that court en-
tered a remedial order delineating districts for the 2019 election. The
House has noticed an appeal to this Court from that order as well, and
the State Defendants have moved to dismiss the follow-on appeal for
lack of standing. See Virginia House of Delegates v. Bethune-Hill,
No. 18 -- 1134. In the appeal from the remedial order, the House and the
State Defendants largely repeat the arguments on standing earlier
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

Opinion of the Court

I
To reach the merits of a case, an Article III court must
have jurisdiction. "One essential aspect of this require-
ment is that any person invoking the power of a federal
court must demonstrate standing to do so." Hollingsworth
v. Perry, (2013). The three elements of
standing, this Court has reiterated, are (1) a concrete and
particularized injury, that (2) is fairly traceable to the
challenged conduct, and (3) is likely to be redressed by a
favorable decision. Ibid. ). Although rulings
on standing often turn on a plaintiff 's stake in initially
filing suit, "Article III demands that an 'actual contro-
versy' persist throughout all stages of litigation." Hol-
lingsworth, 570 U. S., at 705 ). The standing
requirement therefore "must be met by persons seeking
appellate review, just as it must be met by persons ap-
pearing in courts of first instance." Arizonans for Official
English v. Arizona, (1997). As a jurisdic-
tional requirement, standing to litigate cannot be waived
or forfeited. And when standing is questioned by a court
or an opposing party, the litigant invoking the court's
jurisdiction must do more than simply allege a nonobvious
harm. See Wittman v. Personhuballah, 578 U. S. ___, ___ -- 
___ (2016) ( -- 6). To cross the standing thresh-
old, the litigant must explain how the elements essential
to standing are met.
Before the District Court, the House participated in both
bench trials as an intervenor in support of the State De-
fendants. And in the prior appeal to this Court, the House
participated as an appellee. Because neither role entailed
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
advanced in this appeal. The House's claim to standing to pursue an
appeal from the remedial order fares no better than its assertion of
standing here. See post, p. ___.
4 VIRGINIA HOUSE OF DELEGATES v. BETHUNE-HILL

Opinion of the Court

invoking a court's jurisdiction, it was not previously in-
cumbent on the House to demonstrate its standing. That
situation changed when the House alone endeavored to
appeal from the District Court's order holding 11 districts
unconstitutional, thereby seeking to invoke this Court's
jurisdiction. As the Court has repeatedly recognized, to
appeal a decision that the primary party does not chal-
lenge, an intervenor must independently demonstrate
standing. Wittman, 578 U. S. ___; Diamond v. Charles,
(1986). We find unconvincing the House's
arguments that it has standing, either to represent the
State's interests or in its own right.
II
A
The House urges first that it has standing to represent
the State's interests. Of course, "a State has standing to
defend the constitutionality of its statute." Id., at 62. No
doubt, then, the State itself could press this appeal. And,
as this Court has held, "a State must be able to designate
agents to represent it in federal court." Hollingsworth,
570 U. S., at 710. So if the State had designated the
House to represent its interests, and if the House had in
fact carried out that mission, we would agree that the
House could stand in for the State. Neither precondition,
however, is met here.
To begin with, the House has not identified any legal
basis for its claimed authority to litigate on the State's
behalf. Authority and responsibility for representing the
State's interests in civil litigation, Virginia law prescribes,
rest exclusively with the State's Attorney General:
"All legal service in civil matters for the Common-
wealth, the Governor, and every state department, in-
stitution, division, commission, board, bureau, agency,
entity, official, court, or judge... shall be rendered
and performed by the Attorney General, except as
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

Opinion of the Court

provided in this chapter and except for [certain judi-
cial misconduct proceedings]." Va. Code Ann..2 -- 
507(A) (2017). 2
Virginia has thus chosen to speak as a sovereign entity
with a single voice. In this regard, the State has adopted
an approach resembling that of the Federal Government,
which "centraliz[es]" the decision whether to seek certiorari
by "reserving litigation in this Court to the Attorney Gen-
eral and the Solicitor General." United States v. Provi-
dence Journal Co., (1988) (dismissing a
writ of certiorari sought by a special prosecutor without
authorization from the Solicitor General); see 28 U. S. C.
; 28 CFR.20(a) (2018). Virginia, had it so cho-
sen, could have authorized the House to litigate on the
State's behalf, either generally or in a defined class of
cases. Hollingsworth, 570 U. S., at 710. Some States have
done just that. Indiana, for example, empowers "[t]he
House of Representatives and Senate of the Indiana Gen-
eral Assembly... to employ attorneys other than the
Attorney General to defend any law enacted creating
legislative or congressional districts for the State of Indi-
ana." Ind. Code -- 3 -- 8 -- 1 (2011). But the choice belongs
to Virginia, and the House's argument that it has authority
to represent the State's interests is foreclosed by the
State's contrary decision.
The House observes that Virginia state courts have
permitted it to intervene to defend legislation. But the
sole case the House cites on this point -- Vesilind v. Virginia
State Bd. of Elections, 295 Va. 427, 813 S. E. 2d 739

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The exceptions referenced in the statute's text are inapposite here.

They include circumstances where, "in the opinion of the Attorney
General, it is impracticable or uneconomical for [the] legal service to be
rendered by him or one of his assistants," or where the Virginia Su-
preme Court or any of its justices are litigating matters "arising out of
[that court's] official duties.".2 -- 507(C).
6 VIRGINIA HOUSE OF DELEGATES v. BETHUNE-HILL

Opinion of the Court

(2018) -- does not bear the weight the House would place
upon it. In Vesilind, the House intervened in support of
defendants in the trial court, and continued to defend the
trial court's favorable judgment on appeal. Id., at 433 -- 
434, 813 S. E. 2d, at 742. The House's participation in
Vesilind thus occurred in the same defensive posture as
did the House's participation in earlier phases of this case,
when the House did not need to establish standing. More-
over, the House has pointed to nothing in the Virginia
courts' decisions in the Vesilind litigation suggesting that
the courts understood the House to be representing the
interests of the State itself.
Nonetheless, the House insists, this Court's decision in
Karcher v. May, (1987), dictates that we treat
Vesilind as establishing conclusively the House's authority
to litigate on the State's behalf. True, in Karcher, the
Court noted a record, similar to that in Vesilind, of litiga-
tion by state legislative bodies in state court, and concluded
without extensive explanation that "the New Jersey Legis-
lature had authority under state law to represent the
State's interests...." 484 U. S., at 82. Of crucial signifi-
cance, however, the Court in Karcher noted no New Jersey
statutory provision akin to Virginia's law vesting the
Attorney General with exclusive authority to speak for the
Commonwealth in civil litigation. Karcher therefore
scarcely impels the conclusion that, despite Virginia's
clear enactment making the Attorney General the State's
sole representative in civil litigation, Virginia has desig-
nated the House as its agent to assert the State's interests
in this Court.
Moreover, even if, contrary to the governing statute, we
indulged the assumption that Virginia had authorized the
House to represent the State's interests, as a factual mat-
ter the House never indicated in the District Court that it
was appearing in that capacity. Throughout this litiga-
tion, the House has purported to represent its own inter-
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

Opinion of the Court

ests. Thus, in its motion to intervene, the House observed
that it was "the legislative body that actually drew the
redistricting plan at issue," and argued that the existing
parties -- including the State Defendants -- could not ade-
quately protect its interests. App. 2965 -- 2967. Nowhere
in its motion did the House suggest it was intervening as
agent of the State. That silence undermines the House's
attempt to proceed before us on behalf of the State. As
another portion of the Court's Karcher decision clarifies, a
party may not wear on appeal a hat different from the one
it wore at trial. 484 U. S., at 78 (parties may not appeal in
particular capacities "unless the record shows that they
participated in those capacities below"). 3
B
The House also maintains that, even if it lacks standing
to pursue this appeal as the State's agent, it has standing
in its own right. To support standing, an injury must be
"legally and judicially cognizable." Raines v. Byrd, (1997). This Court has never held that a
judicial decision invalidating a state law as unconstitu-
tional inflicts a discrete, cognizable injury on each organ of
government that participated in the law's passage. The
Court's precedent thus lends no support for the notion that
one House of a bicameral legislature, resting solely on its
role in the legislative process, may appeal on its own
behalf a judgment invalidating a state enactment.
Seeking to demonstrate its asserted injury, the House
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Nor can we give ear to the House's assertion that forfeiture or ac-

quiescence bar the State Defendants from contesting the House's
authority to represent the State's interests. See Brief for Appellants
29 -- 30. As earlier observed, standing to sue (or appeal) is a nonwaiv-
able jurisdictional requirement. See supra, at 3. Moreover, even if
forfeiture were not beyond the pale, the State Defendants here could
hardly be held to have relinquished an objection to the House's partici-
pation in a capacity -- on behalf of the State itself -- in which the House
was not participating in the District Court.
8 VIRGINIA HOUSE OF DELEGATES v. BETHUNE-HILL

Opinion of the Court

emphasizes its role in enacting redistricting legislation in
particular. The House observes that, under Virginia law,
"members of the Senate and of the House of Delegates of
the General Assembly shall be elected from electoral
districts established by the General Assembly." Va.
Const., Art. 2,. The House has standing, it contends,
because it is "the legislative body that actually drew the
redistricting plan," and because, the House asserts, any
remedial order will transfer redistricting authority from it
to the District Court. Brief for Appellants 23, 26 -- 28 (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). But the Virginia consti-
tutional provision the House cites allocates redistricting
authority to the "General Assembly," of which the House
constitutes only a part.
That fact distinguishes this case from Arizona State
Legislature v. Arizona Independent Redistricting Comm'n,
576 U. S. ___ (2015), in which the Court recognized the
standing of the Arizona House and Senate -- acting to-
gether -- to challenge a referendum that gave redistricting
authority exclusively to an independent commission,
thereby allegedly usurping the legislature's authority
under the Federal Constitution over congressional redis-
tricting. In contrast to this case, in Arizona State Legisla-
ture there was no mismatch between the body seeking to
litigate and the body to which the relevant constitutional
provision allegedly assigned exclusive redistricting author-
ity. See 576 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 12). Just as
individual members lack standing to assert the institu-
tional interests of a legislature, see Raines, 521 U. S., at
829, 4 a single House of a bicameral legislature lacks ca-
pacity to assert interests belonging to the legislature as a
whole.
Moreover, in Arizona State Legislature, the challenged
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Raines held that individual Members of Congress lacked standing to

challenge the Line Item Veto Act.
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

Opinion of the Court

referendum was assailed on the ground that it permanently
deprived the legislative plaintiffs of their role in the redis-
tricting process. Here, by contrast, the challenged order
does not alter the General Assembly's dominant initiating
and ongoing role in redistricting. Compare Arizona State
Legislature, 576 U. S., at ___ (allegation of
nullification of "any vote by the Legislature, now or in the
future, purporting to adopt a redistricting plan" ), with 326 F. Supp. 3d, at 227
(recognizing the General Assembly's "primary jurisdiction"
over redistricting and giving the General Assembly first
crack at enacting a revised redistricting plan). 5
Nor does Coleman v. Miller, (1939), aid
the House. There, the Court recognized the standing of 20
state legislators who voted against a resolution ratifying
the proposed Child Labor Amendment to the Federal
Constitution. Id., at 446. The resolution passed, the
opposing legislators stated, only because the Lieutenant
Governor cast a tie-breaking vote -- a procedure the legis-
lators argued was impermissible under Article V of the
Federal Constitution. See Arizona State Legislature, 576
U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 14). As the Court has since observed, Coleman
stands "at most" "for the proposition that legislators whose
votes would have been sufficient to defeat (or enact) a
specific legislative Act have standing to sue if that legisla-
tive action goes into effect (or does not go into effect), on

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Misplaced for similar reasons is the House's reliance on this Court's

statements in INS v. Chadha, -- 931, and nn. 5 -- 6,
939 -- 940 (1983), that the United States House and Senate were "proper
parties" or "adverse parties." First, it is far from clear that the Court
meant those terms to refer to standing, as opposed to the simple fact
that both Houses of Congress had intervened. In any event, the statute
at issue in Chadha granted each Chamber of Congress an ongoing
power -- to veto certain Executive Branch decisions -- that each House
could exercise independent of any other body.
10 VIRGINIA HOUSE OF DELEGATES v. BETHUNE-HILL

Opinion of the Court

the ground that their votes have been completely nulli-
fied." Raines, 521 U. S., at 823. Nothing of that sort
happened here. Unlike Coleman, this case does not con-
cern the results of a legislative chamber's poll or the valid-
ity of any counted or uncounted vote. At issue here, in-
stead, is the constitutionality of a concededly enacted
redistricting plan. As we have already explained, a single
House of a bicameral legislature generally lacks standing
to appeal in cases of this order.
Aside from its role in enacting the invalidated redistrict-
ing plan, the House, echoed by the dissent, see post, at
1 -- 5, asserts that the House has standing because altered
district boundaries may affect its composition. For sup-
port, the House and the dissent rely on Sixty-seventh
Minnesota State Senate v. Beens, (1972) (per
curiam), in which this Court allowed the Minnesota Sen-
ate to challenge a District Court malapportionment litiga-
tion order that reduced the Senate's size from 67 to 35
members. The Court said in Beens: "[C]ertainly the [Min-
nesota Senate] is directly affected by the District Court's
orders," rendering the Senate "an appropriate legal entity
for purpose of intervention and, as a consequence, of an
appeal in a case of this kind." Id., at 194.
Beens predated this Court's decisions in Diamond v.
Charles and other cases holding that intervenor status
alone is insufficient to establish standing to appeal.
Whether Beens established law on the question of stand-
ing, as distinct from intervention, is thus less than pellu-
cid. But even assuming, arguendo, that Beens was, and
remains, binding precedent on standing, the order there at
issue injured the Minnesota Senate in a way the order
challenged here does not injure the Virginia House. Cut-
ting the size of a legislative chamber in half would neces-
sarily alter its day-to-day operations. Among other things,
leadership selection, committee structures, and voting
rules would likely require alteration. By contrast, al-
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 11

Opinion of the Court

though redrawing district lines indeed may affect the
membership of the chamber, the House as an institution
has no cognizable interest in the identity of its members. 6
Although the House urges that changes to district lines
will "profoundly disrupt its day-to-day operations," Reply
Brief 3, it is scarcely obvious how or why that is so. As the
party invoking this Court's jurisdiction, the House bears
the burden of doing more than "simply alleg[ing] a nonob-
vious harm." Wittman, 578 U. S., at ___.
Analogizing to "group[s] other than a legislative body,"
the dissent insists that the House has suffered an "obvi-
ous" injury. Post, at 3. But groups like the string quartet
and basketball team posited by the dissent select their
own members. Similarly, the political parties involved in
the cases the dissent cites, see post, at 3, and Eu v. San Francisco County Democratic
Central Comm., -- 230 (1989)), select
their own leadership and candidates. In stark contrast,
the House does not select its own members. Instead, it is
a representative body composed of members chosen by the
people. Changes to its membership brought about by the
voting public thus inflict no cognizable injury on the
House. 7
The House additionally asserts injury from the creation
of what it calls "divided constituencies," suggesting that a
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The dissent urges that changes to district lines will alter the
House's future legislative output. See post, at 1 -- 5. A legislative
chamber as an institution, however, suffers no legally cognizable injury
from changes to the content of legislation its future members may elect
to enact. By contrast, the House has an obvious institutional interest
in the manner in which it goes about its business.
7 The dissent further suggests that "we must assume that the district-

ing plan enacted by the legislature embodies the House's judgment"
regarding the best way to select its members. Post, at 4. For the
reasons explained supra, at 7 -- 10, however, the House's role in the
legislative process does not give it standing to pursue this appeal.
12 VIRGINIA HOUSE OF DELEGATES v. BETHUNE-HILL

Opinion of the Court

court order causing legislators to seek reelection in dis-
tricts different from those they currently represent affects
the House's representational nature. But legislative
districts change frequently -- indeed, after every decennial
census -- and the Virginia Constitution resolves any confu-
sion over which district is being represented. It provides
that delegates continue to represent the districts that
elected them, even if their reelection campaigns will be
waged in different districts. Va. Const., Art. 2, ("A
member in office at the time that a decennial redistricting
law is enacted shall complete his term of office and shall
continue to represent the district from which he was elected
for the duration of such term of office...."). We see little
reason why the same would not hold true after districting
changes caused by judicial decisions, and we thus foresee
no representational confusion. And if harms centered on
costlier or more difficult election campaigns are cogniza-
ble -- a question that, as in Wittman, 578 U. S., at ___ -- ___
( -- 6), we need not decide today -- those harms
would be suffered by individual legislators or candidates,
not by the House as a body.
In short, Virginia would rather stop than fight on. One
House of its bicameral legislature cannot alone continue
the litigation against the will of its partners in the legisla-
tive process.
* * *
For the reasons stated, we dismiss the House's appeal
for lack of jurisdiction.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 18 -- 281
_________________

VIRGINIA HOUSE OF DELEGATES, ET AL.,
APPELLANTS v. GOLDEN BETHUNE-HILL, ET AL.
ON APPEAL FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR
THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA
[June 17, 2019]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom THE CHIEF JUSTICE, JUSTICE
BREYER, and JUSTICE KAVANAUGH join, dissenting.
I would hold that the Virginia House of Delegates has
standing to take this appeal. The Court disagrees for two
reasons: first, because Virginia law does not authorize the
House to defend the invalidated redistricting plan on
behalf of the Commonwealth, see ante, at 4 -- 7, and, sec-
ond, because the imposition of the District Court's district-
ing plan would not cause the House the kind of harm
required by Article III of the Constitution, see ante, at 7 -- 
12. I am convinced that the second holding is wrong and
therefore will not address the first.
I
Our decision in Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, (1992), identified the three elements that consti-
tute the "irreducible constitutional minimum of standing"
demanded by Article III. A party invoking the jurisdiction
of a federal court must have "(1) suffered an injury in fact,
(2) that is fairly traceable to the challenged conduct of the
defendant, and (3) that is likely to be redressed by a favor-
able judicial decision." Spokeo, Inc. v. Robins, 578 U. S.
___, ___ (2016). The Virginia House of
Delegates satisfies all those requirements in this case.
I begin with "injury in fact." It is clear, in my judgment,
2 VIRGINIA HOUSE OF DELEGATES v. BETHUNE-HILL

ALITO, J., dissenting

that the new districting plan ordered by the lower court
will harm the House in a very fundamental way. A legis-
lative districting plan powerfully affects a legislative
body's output of work. Each legislator represents a par-
ticular district, and each district contains a particular set
of constituents with particular interests and views. Cf.,
e.g., App. 165 (noting the "varied factors that can create or
contribute to communities of interest" in districts (House
Committee on Privileges and Elections resolution)). The
interests and views of these constituents generally have
an important effect on everything that a legislator does -- 
meeting with the representatives of organizations and
groups seeking the legislator's help in one way or another,
drafting and sponsoring bills, pushing for and participat-
ing in hearings, writing or approving reports, and of
course, voting. When the boundaries of a district are
changed, the constituents and communities of interest
present within the district are altered, and this is likely to
change the way in which the district's representative does
his or her work. And while every individual voter will end
up being represented by a legislator no matter which
districting plan is ultimately used, it matters a lot how
voters with shared interests and views are concentrated or
split up. The cumulative effects of all the decisions that go
into a districting plan have an important impact on the
overall work of the body.
All of this should really go without saying. After all, it
is precisely because of the connections between the way
districts are drawn, the composition of a legislature, and
the things that a legislature does that so much effort is
invested in drawing, contesting, and defending districting
plans. Districting matters because it has institutional and
legislative consequences. To suggest otherwise, to argue
that substituting one plan for another has no effect on the
work or output of the legislative body whose districts are
changed, would really be quite astounding. If the selection
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

of a districting plan did not alter what the legislative body
does, why would there be such pitched battles over redis-
tricting efforts?
What the Court says on this point is striking. According
to the Court, "the House as an institution has no cogniza-
ble interest in the identity of its members," and thus
suffers no injury from the imposition of a districting plan
that "may affect the membership of the chamber" or the
"content of legislation its future members may elect to
enact." Ante, at 11, and (emphasis deleted). Really?
It seems obvious that any group consisting of members
who must work together to achieve the group's aims has a
keen interest in the identity of its members, and it follows
that the group also has a strong interest in how its mem-
bers are selected. And what is more important to such a
group than the content of its work?
Apply what the Court says to a group other than a
legislative body and it is immediately obvious that the
Court is wrong. Does a string quartet have an interest in
the identity of its cellist? Does a basketball team have an
interest in the identity of its point guard? Does a board of
directors have an interest in the identity of its chairper-
son? Does it matter to these groups how their members
are selected? Do these groups care if the selection method
affects their performance? Of course.
The Virginia House of Delegates exists for a purpose: to
represent and serve the interests of the people of the
Commonwealth. The way in which its members are se-
lected has a powerful effect on how it goes about this
purpose 1 -- a proposition reflected by the Commonwealth's
choice to mandate certain districting criteria in its consti-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The Court has not hesitated to recognize this link in other contexts.
See, e.g., New York State Bd. of Elections v. Lopez Torres, (2008); Eu v. San Francisco County Democratic Central Comm.,
-- 230 (1989).
4 VIRGINIA HOUSE OF DELEGATES v. BETHUNE-HILL

ALITO, J., dissenting

tution. See Va. Const., Art. II,. As far as the House's
standing, we must assume that the districting plan enacted
by the legislature embodies the House's judgment regard-
ing the method of selecting members that best enables it
to serve the people of the Commonwealth. (Whether this
is a permissible judgment is a merits question, not a ques-
tion of standing. Cf. Warth v. Seldin, 
(1975)). It therefore follows that discarding that plan and
substituting another inflicts injury in fact.
Our most pertinent precedent supports the standing of
the House on this ground. In Sixty-seventh Minnesota
State Senate v. Beens, (1972) (per curiam),
we held that the Minnesota Senate had standing to appeal
a district court order reapportioning the Senate's seats. In
reaching that conclusion, we noted that "certainly" such
an order "directly affected" the Senate. Id., at 194. The
same is true here. There can be no doubt that the new
districting plan "directly affect[s]" the House whose dis-
tricts it redefines and whose legislatively drawn districts
have been replaced with a court-ordered map. That the
Beens Court drew its "directly affect[s]" language from a
case involving a standard reapportionment challenge, see
Silver v. Jordan, 241 F. Supp. 576, 579 (SD Cal. 1964)
(per curiam), aff 'd, (1965) (per curiam), only
serves to confirm that the House's injury is sufficient to
demonstrate standing under Beens.
In an effort to distinguish Beens, it is argued that the
District Court decision at issue there, which slashed the
number of senators in half, "ha[d] a distinct and more
direct effect on the body itself than a mere shift in district
lines." Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 17; see
Brief for State Appellees 38. But even if the effect of the
court order was greater in Beens than it is here, it is the
existence -- not the extent -- of an injury that matters for
purposes of Article III standing.
The Court suggests that the effects of the court-ordered
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

ALITO, J., dissenting

districting plan in Beens were different from the effects of
the plan now before us because the former concerned the
legislature's internal operations. See ante, at 10 -- 11. But
even if the imposition of the court-ordered plan in this
case would not affect the internal operations of the House
(and that is by no means clear), it is very strange to think
that changes to such things as "committee structures" and
"voting rules," see ante, at 10, are more important than
changes in legislative output.
In short, the invalidation of the House's redistricting
plan and its replacement with a court-ordered map would
cause the House to suffer a "concrete" injury. And as
Article III demands, see Spokeo, 578 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 7), that injury would also be "particularized"
(because it would target the House); "imminent" (because
it would certainly occur if this appeal is dismissed);
"traceable" to the imposition of the new, court-ordered
plan; and "redress[able]" by the relief the House seeks
here. Ibid.
II
Although the opinion of the Court begins by citing the
three fundamental Article III standing requirements just
discussed, see ante, at 3, it is revealing that the Court
never asserts that the effect of the court-ordered plan at
issue would not cause the House "concrete" harm. In-
stead, the Court claims only that any harm would not be
" 'judicially cognizable,' " ante, at 7; see also ante, at 11.
The Court lifts this term from Raines v. Byrd, (1997), where the Court held that individual
Members of Congress lacked standing to challenge the
constitutionality of the Line Item Veto Act. But the deci-
sion in Raines rested heavily on federal separation-of-
powers concerns, which are notably absent here. See id.,
at 819 -- 820, 826 -- 829; id., at 832 -- 835 (Souter, J., concur-
ring in judgment). And although the Court does not say so
6 VIRGINIA HOUSE OF DELEGATES v. BETHUNE-HILL

ALITO, J., dissenting

expressly, what I take from its use of the term "judicially
cognizable" injury rather than "concrete" injury is that the
decision here is not really based on the Lujan factors,
which set out the "irreducible" minimum demanded by
Article III. 504 U. S., at 560. Instead, the argument
seems to be that the House's injury is insufficient for some
other, only-hinted-at reason.
Both the United States, appearing as an amicus, and
the Commonwealth of Virginia are more explicit. The
Solicitor General's brief argues as follows:
"In the federal system, the Constitution gives Con-
gress only 'legislative Powers,' U. S. Const. Art. 1, and the 'power to seek judicial relief... cannot possi-
bly be regarded as merely in aid of the legislative
function.' Buckley v. Valeo, (1976)
(per curiam). As a result, 'once Congress makes its
choice in enacting legislation, its participation ends.'
Bowsher v. Synar, (1986).... The
same is true here. A branch of a state government
that makes rather than enforces the law does not it-
self have a cognizable Article III interest in the de-
fense of its laws." Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 14 -- 15.
The Virginia Solicitor General makes a similar argument.
See Brief for State Appellees 42 -- 44.
These arguments are seriously flawed because the
States are under no obligation to follow the Federal Con-
stitution's model when it comes to the separation of pow-
ers. See Whalen v. United States, (1980); cf. Raines, supra, at 824, ; Arizona State Legis-
lature v. Arizona Independent Redistricting Comm'n, 576
U. S. ___, ___, (2015) (, ). If one
House of Congress or one or more Members of Congress
attempt to invoke the power of a federal court, the court
must consider whether this attempt is consistent with the
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

ALITO, J., dissenting

structure created by the Federal Constitution. An interest
asserted by a Member of Congress or by one or both Houses
of Congress that is inconsistent with that structure may
not be judicially cognizable. But I do not see how we can
say anything similar about the standing of state legisla-
tors or state legislative bodies. 2 Cf. Karcher v. May, -- 82 (1987). The separation of powers (or the
lack thereof ) under a state constitution is purely a matter
of state law, and neither the Court nor the Virginia Solici-
tor General has provided any support for the proposition
that Virginia law bars the House from defending, in its
own right, the constitutionality of a districting plan.
* * *
For these reasons, I would hold that the House of Dele-
gates has standing, and I therefore respectfully dissent.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Court's observation that the Virginia Constitution gives legisla-

tive districting authority to the General Assembly as a whole -- in other
words, to the House of Delegates and the Senate in combination -- does
not answer the question. To start, a similar argument against standing
was pressed and rejected in Sixty-seventh Minnesota State Senate v.
Beens, (1972) (per curiam), see Motion of Appellees to
Dismiss Appeal in O. T. 1971, No. 71 -- 1024, p. 9, and the Court does not
explain why a different outcome is warranted here. Nor am I persuaded
by the Court's citation of Arizona State Legislature v. Arizona Inde-
pendent Redistricting Comm'n, 576 U. S. ___ (2015). There, the Court
held that the Arizona Legislature had standing to bring a suit aimed at
protecting its redistricting authority. But from the fact that a whole
legislature may have standing to defend its redistricting authority, it
does not follow that the House necessarily lacks standing to challenge a
redistricting decision based on concrete injuries to its institutional
interests. Cf. Spokeo, Inc. v. Robins, 578 U. S. ___, ___, (2016) (, ).

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 proscribes dis-
crimination in employment on the basis of race, color,
religion, sex, or national origin. 78 Stat. 255, 42 U. S. C.
-- 2(a)(1). The Act also prohibits retaliation against
persons who assert rights under the statute. -- 3(a).
As a precondition to the commencement of a Title VII
action in court, a complainant must first file a charge with
the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC
or Commission). -- 5(e)(1), (f )(1). The question this
case presents: Is Title VII's charge-filing precondition to
suit a "jurisdictional" requirement that can be raised at
any stage of a proceeding; or is it a procedural prescription
mandatory if timely raised, but subject to forfeiture if
tardily asserted? We hold that Title VII's charge-filing
instruction is not jurisdictional, a term generally reserved
to describe the classes of cases a court may entertain
(subject-matter jurisdiction) or the persons over whom a
court may exercise adjudicatory authority (personal juris-
diction). Kontrick v. Ryan, (2004).
Prerequisites to suit like Title VII's charge-filing instruc-
2 FORT BEND COUNTY v. DAVIS

Opinion of the Court

tion are not of that character; they are properly ranked
among the array of claim-processing rules that must be
timely raised to come into play.
I
Title VII directs that a "charge... shall be filed" with
the EEOC "by or on behalf of a person claiming to be
aggrieved" within 180 days "after the alleged unlawful
employment practice occur[s]." 42 U. S. C. -- 5(b),
(e)(1). For complaints concerning a practice occurring in a
State or political subdivision that has a fair employment
agency of its own empowered "to grant or seek relief," Title
VII instructs the complainant to file her charge first with
the state or local agency. -- 5(c). The complainant
then has 300 days following the challenged practice, or 30
days after receiving notice that state or local proceedings
have ended, "whichever is earlier," to file a charge with
the EEOC. -- 5(e)(1). If the state or local agency has
a "worksharing" agreement with the EEOC, a complainant
ordinarily need not file separately with federal and state
agencies. She may file her charge with one agency, and
that agency will then relay the charge to the other. See 29
CFR.13 (2018); Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 3.
When the EEOC receives a charge, in contrast to agen-
cies like the National Labor Relations Board, 29 U. S. C., and the Merit Systems Protection Board, 5 U. S. C., it does not "adjudicate [the] clai[m]," Alexander v.
Gardner-Denver Co., (1974). Instead,
Title VII calls for the following course. Upon receiving a
charge, the EEOC notifies the employer and investigates
the allegations. 42 U. S. C. -- 5(b). If the Commis-
sion finds "reasonable cause" to believe the charge is true,
the Act instructs the Commission to "endeavor to elimi-
nate [the] alleged unlawful employment practice by infor-
mal methods of conference, conciliation, and persuasion."
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

Opinion of the Court

Ibid. When informal methods do not resolve the charge,
the EEOC has first option to "bring a civil action" against
the employer in court. -- 5(f )(1). Where the discrim-
ination charge is lodged against state or local government
employers, the Attorney General is the federal authority
empowered to commence suit. Ibid.1
In the event that the EEOC determines there is "n[o]
reasonable cause to believe that the charge is true," the
Commission is to dismiss the charge and notify the com-
plainant of his or her right to sue in court. 42 U. S. C.
-- 5(b), f(1); 29 CFR.28. Whether or not the
EEOC acts on the charge, a complainant is entitled to a
"right-to-sue" notice 180 days after the charge is filed.
-- 5(f )(1); 29 CFR.28. And within 90 days
following such notice, the complainant may commence a
civil action against the allegedly offending employer.
-- 5(f )(1).
II
Respondent Lois M. Davis worked in information tech-
nology for petitioner Fort Bend County. In 2010, she
informed Fort Bend's human resources department that
the director of information technology, Charles Cook, was
sexually harassing her. Following an investigation by
Fort Bend, Cook resigned. Davis' supervisor at Fort Bend,
Kenneth Ford, was well acquainted with Cook. After Cook
resigned, Davis alleges, Ford began retaliating against her
for reporting Cook's sexual harassment. Ford did so,
according to Davis, by, inter alia, curtailing her work
responsibilities.
Seeking redress for the asserted harassment and retali-
ation, Davis submitted an "intake questionnaire" in Feb-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 A different provision of Title VII, 42 U. S. C. ‒16, prohibits

employment discrimination by the Federal Government and sets out
procedures applicable to claims by federal employees.
4 FORT BEND COUNTY v. DAVIS

Opinion of the Court

ruary 2011, followed by a charge in March 2011.2 While
her EEOC charge was pending, Davis was told to report to
work on an upcoming Sunday. Davis informed her super-
visor Ford that she had a commitment at church that
Sunday, and she offered to arrange for another employee
to replace her at work. Ford responded that if Davis did
not show up for the Sunday work, she would be subject to
termination. Davis went to church, not work, that Sun-
day. Fort Bend thereupon fired her.
Attempting to supplement the allegations in her charge,
Davis handwrote "religion" on the "Employment Harms or
Actions" part of her intake questionnaire, and she checked
boxes for "discharge" and "reasonable accommodation" on
that form. She made no change, however, in the formal
charge document. A few months later, the Department of
Justice notified Davis of her right to sue.
In January 2012, Davis commenced a civil action in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of
Texas, alleging discrimination on account of religion and
retaliation for reporting sexual harassment.3 The District
Court granted Fort Bend's motion for summary judgment.
Davis v. Fort Bend County, 2013 WL 5157191 (SD Tex.,
Sept. 11, 2013). On appeal, the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit affirmed as to Davis' retaliation claim, but
reversed as to her religion-based discrimination claim.
Davis v. Fort Bend County, 765 F. 3d 480 (2014). Fort
Bend filed a petition for certiorari, which this Court de-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Davis submitted these documents to the Texas Workforce Commis-

sion. Complaints lodged with that commission are relayed to the
EEOC, under a "worksharing" agreement between the two agencies.
See How To Submit an Employment Discrimination Complaint, Texas
Workforce Commission, https://twc.texas.gov/jobseekers/how-submit-
employment-discrimination-complaint (as last visited May 30, 2019).
3 Davis also alleged intentional infliction of emotional distress, but

she did not appeal the District Court's grant of summary judgment to
Fort Bend on that claim.
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

Opinion of the Court

nied. 576 U. S. ___ (2015).
When the case returned to the District Court on Davis'
claim of discrimination on account of religion, Fort Bend
moved to dismiss the complaint. Years into the litigation,
Fort Bend asserted for the first time that the District
Court lacked jurisdiction to adjudicate Davis' religion-
based discrimination claim because she had not stated
such a claim in her EEOC charge. Granting the motion,
the District Court held that Davis had not satisfied the
charge-filing requirement with respect to her claim of
religion-based discrimination, and that the requirement
qualified as "jurisdictional," which made it nonforfeitable.
2016 WL 4479527 (SD Tex., Aug. 24, 2016).
The Fifth Circuit reversed. 893 F. 3d 300 (2018). Title
VII's charge-filing requirement, the Court of Appeals held,
is not jurisdictional; instead, the requirement is a pruden-
tial prerequisite to suit, forfeited in Davis' case because
Fort Bend did not raise it until after "an entire round
of appeals all the way to the Supreme Court." Id., at
307 -- 308.
We granted Fort Bend's petition for certiorari, 586 U. S.
___ (2019), to resolve a conflict among the Courts of Ap-
peals over whether Title VII's charge-filing requirement is
jurisdictional. Compare, e.g., 893 F. 3d, at 306 (case be-
low) (charge-filing requirement is nonjurisdictional), with,
e.g., Jones v. Calvert Group, Ltd., 551 F. 3d 297, 300 (CA4
2009) (federal courts lack subject-matter jurisdiction when
the charge-filing requirement is not satisfied).
III
"Jurisdiction," the Court has observed, "is a word of
many, too many, meanings." Kontrick, 540 U. S., at 454
).4 In recent years, the Court has un-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 "Courts, including this Court,... have more than occasionally
6 FORT BEND COUNTY v. DAVIS

Opinion of the Court

dertaken "[t]o ward off profligate use of the term." Sebe-
lius v. Auburn Regional Medical Center, 
(2013). As earlier noted, see supra, at 1, the word "juris-
dictional" is generally reserved for prescriptions delineat-
ing the classes of cases a court may entertain (subject-
matter jurisdiction) and the persons over whom the court
may exercise adjudicatory authority (personal jurisdic-
tion). Kontrick, 540 U. S., at 455.
Congress may make other prescriptions jurisdictional by
incorporating them into a jurisdictional provision, as
Congress has done with the amount-in-controversy re-
quirement for federal-court diversity jurisdiction. See 28
U. S. C. ("The district courts shall have original
jurisdiction of all civil actions where the matter in contro-
versy exceeds the sum or value of $75,000... and is be-
tween (1) citizens of different States...."). In addition,
the Court has stated it would treat a requirement as
"jurisdictional" when "a long line of [Supreme] Cour[t]
decisions left undisturbed by Congress" attached a juris-
dictional label to the prescription. Union Pacific R. Co. v.
Locomotive Engineers, (2009) ). See also
John R. Sand & Gravel Co. v. United States, (2008).
Characterizing a rule as a limit on subject-matter juris-
diction "renders it unique in our adversarial system."
Auburn, 568 U. S., at 153. Unlike most arguments, chal-
lenges to subject-matter jurisdiction may be raised by the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
[mis]used the term 'jurisdictional' " to refer to nonjurisdictional pre-
scriptions. Scarborough v. Principi, (2004) ).
Passing references to Title VII's charge-filing requirement as "jurisdic-
tional" in prior Court opinions, see, e.g., McDonnell Douglas Corp. v.
Green, (1973), display the terminology employed
when the Court's use of "jurisdictional" was "less than meticulous,"
Kontrick, 540 U. S., at 454.
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

Opinion of the Court

defendant "at any point in the litigation," and courts must
consider them sua sponte. Gonzalez v. Thaler, (2012). "[H]arsh consequences" attend the juris-
dictional brand. United States v. Kwai Fun Wong, ___ (2015). "Tardy jurisdictional
objections" occasion wasted court resources and "disturb-
ingly disarm litigants." Auburn, 568 U. S., at 153.
The Court has therefore stressed the distinction be-
tween jurisdictional prescriptions and nonjurisdictional
claim-processing rules, which "seek to promote the orderly
progress of litigation by requiring that the parties take
certain procedural steps at certain specified times." Hen-
derson v. Shinseki, (2011). A claim-
processing rule may be "mandatory" in the sense that a
court must enforce the rule if a party "properly raise[s]" it.
Eberhart v. United States, (2005) (per
curiam). But an objection based on a mandatory claim-
processing rule may be forfeited "if the party asserting the
rule waits too long to raise the point." Id., at 15.5
The Court has characterized as nonjurisdictional an
array of mandatory claim-processing rules and other
preconditions to relief. These include: the Copyright Act's
requirement that parties register their copyrights (or
receive a denial of registration from the Copyright Regis-
ter) before commencing an infringement action, Reed
Elsevier, Inc. v. Muchnick, 163 -- 164
(2010); the Railway Labor Act's direction that, before
arbitrating, parties to certain railroad labor disputes
"attempt settlement 'in conference,' " Union Pacific, 558
U. S., at 82 ; the Clean Air Act's

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 TheCourt has "reserved whether mandatory claim-processing rules
may [ever] be subject to equitable exceptions." Hamer v. Neighborhood
Housing Servs. of Chicago, 583 U. S. ___, ___, (2017) (,
).
8 FORT BEND COUNTY v. DAVIS

Opinion of the Court

instruction that, to maintain an objection in court on
certain issues, one must first raise the objection "with
reasonable specificity" during agency rulemaking, EPA v.
EME Homer City Generation, L. P., -- 512
(2014) (7)(B)); the Antiterror-
ism and Effective Death Penalty Act's requirement that a
certificate of appealability "indicate [the] specific issue"
warranting issuance of the certificate, Gonzalez, 565 U. S.,
at 137 (3)); Title VII's limita-
tion of covered "employer[s]" to those with 15 or more
employees, Arbaugh v. Y & H Corp., -- 
504 (2006) ); Title VII's time
limit for filing a charge with the EEOC, Zipes v. Trans
World Airlines, Inc., (1982); and several
other time prescriptions for procedural steps in judicial or
agency forums. See, e.g., Hamer v. Neighborhood Housing
Servs. of Chicago, 583 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ;
Musacchio v. United States, 577 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) ; Kwai Fun Wong, 575 U. S., at ___ ;
Auburn, 568 U. S., at 149; Henderson, 562 U. S., at 431;
Eberhart, 546 U. S., at 13; Scarborough v. Principi, (2004); Kontrick, 540 U. S., at 447.6
While not demanding that Congress "incant magic
words" to render a prescription jurisdictional, Auburn, 568
U. S., at 153, the Court has clarified that it would "leave
the ball in Congress' court": "If the Legislature clearly
states that a [prescription] count[s] as jurisdictional, then
courts and litigants will be duly instructed and will not be
left to wrestle with the issue[;] [b]ut when Congress does
not rank a [prescription] as jurisdictional, courts should
treat the restriction as nonjurisdictional in character."
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 "If a time prescription governing the transfer of adjudicatory author-

ity from one Article III court to another appears in a statute, the
limitation [will rank as] jurisdictional; otherwise, the time specification
fits within the claim-processing category." Hamer, 583 U. S., at ___
(citation omitted).
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

Opinion of the Court

Arbaugh, 546 U. S., at 515 -- 516 (footnote and citation
omitted).
IV
Title VII's charge-filing requirement is not of jurisdic-
tional cast. Federal courts exercise jurisdiction over Title
VII actions pursuant to 28 U. S. C. 's grant of gen-
eral federal-question jurisdiction, and Title VII's own
jurisdictional provision, 42 U. S. C. -- 5(f )(3) (giving
federal courts "jurisdiction [over] actions brought under
this subchapter").7 Separate provisions of Title VII,
-- 5(e)(1) and (f )(1), contain the Act's charge-filing
requirement. Those provisions "d[o] not speak to a court's
authority," EME Homer, 572 U. S., at 512, or "refer in any
way to the jurisdiction of the district courts," Arbaugh, 546
U. S., at 515.
Instead, Title VII's charge-filing provisions "speak to...
a party's procedural obligations." EME Homer, 572 U. S.,
at 512. They require complainants to submit information
to the EEOC and to wait a specified period before com-
mencing a civil action. Like kindred provisions directing
parties to raise objections in agency rulemaking, id., at
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 When Title VII was passed in 1964, 28 U. S. C. 's grant of
general federal-question jurisdiction included an amount-in-controversy
requirement. See (1964 ed.). To ensure that this "limitation
would not impede an employment-discrimination complainant's access
to a federal forum," Arbaugh v. Y & H Corp., (2006),
Congress enacted Title VII's jurisdiction-conferring provision, 42
U. S. C. ‒5(f )(3). See Arbaugh, 546 U. S., at 505‒506. In 1980,
Congress eliminated 's amount-in-controversy requirement. See
Federal Question Jurisdictional Amendments Act of 1980, 94 Stat.
2369. Since then, "Title VII's own jurisdictional provision, 42 U. S. C.
‒5(f )(3), has served simply to underscore Congress' intention to
provide a federal forum for the adjudication of Title VII claims."
Arbaugh, 546 U. S., at 506. Title VII also contains a separate jurisdic-
tional provision, ‒6(b), giving federal courts jurisdiction over
actions by the Federal Government to enjoin "pattern or practice"
discrimination.
10 FORT BEND COUNTY v. DAVIS

Opinion of the Court

511 -- 512; follow procedures governing copyright registra-
tion, Reed Elsevier, 559 U. S., at 157; or attempt settle-
ment, Union Pacific, 558 U. S., at 82, Title VII's charge-
filing requirement is a processing rule, albeit a mandatory
one, not a jurisdictional prescription delineating the adju-
dicatory authority of courts.8
Resisting this conclusion, Fort Bend points to statutory
schemes that channel certain claims to administrative
agency adjudication first, followed by judicial review in a
federal court. In Elgin v. Department of Treasury, (2012), for example, the Court held that claims
earmarked for initial adjudication by the Merit Systems
Protection Board, then review in the Court of Appeals for
the Federal Circuit, may not proceed instead in federal
district court. Id., at 5 -- 6, 8. See also Thunder Basin Coal
Co. v. Reich, -- 204 (1994) (no district
court jurisdiction over claims assigned in the first instance
to a mine safety commission, whose decisions are review-
able in a court of appeals). Nowhere do these cases, or
others cited by Fort Bend, address the issue here presented:
whether a precondition to suit is a mandatory claim-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 Fort Bend argues that Title VII's charge-filing requirement is juris-
dictional because it is "textually linked" to Title VII's jurisdictional
provision. Brief for Petitioner 50. Title VII states in 42 U. S. C.
‒5(f )(1) that "a civil action may be brought" after the charge-
filing procedures are followed. Section 2000e‒5(f )(3) gives federal
courts jurisdiction over "actions brought under this subchapter," a
subchapter that includes ‒5(f )(1). Therefore, Fort Bend insists,
federal jurisdiction lies under ‒5(f )(3) only when a proper EEOC
charge is filed. But as just observed, see supra, at 9, the charge-filing
requirement is stated in provisions discrete from Title VII's conferral of
jurisdiction on federal courts. See Sebelius v. Auburn Regional Medical
Center, (2013) (a requirement "does not become
jurisdictional simply because it is placed in a section of a statute that
also contains jurisdictional provisions"); Gonzalez v. Thaler, (2012) (a nonjurisdictional provision does not metamorphose
into a jurisdictional limitation by cross-referencing a jurisdictional
provision).
 Cite as: 587 U. S. ____ (2019) 11

Opinion of the Court

processing rule subject to forfeiture, or a jurisdictional
prescription.
Fort Bend further maintains that "[t]he congressional
purposes embodied in the Title VII scheme," notably,
encouraging conciliation and affording the EEOC first
option to bring suit, support jurisdictional characterization
of the charge-filing requirement. Brief for Petitioner 27.
But a prescription does not become jurisdictional whenever
it "promotes important congressional objectives." Reed
Elsevier, 559 U. S., at 169,. And recognizing that the
charge-filing requirement is nonjurisdictional gives plain-
tiffs scant incentive to skirt the instruction. Defendants,
after all, have good reason promptly to raise an objection
that may rid them of the lawsuit filed against them. A
Title VII complainant would be foolhardy consciously to
take the risk that the employer would forgo a potentially
dispositive defense.
In sum, a rule may be mandatory without being juris-
dictional, and Title VII's charge-filing requirement fits
that bill.
* * *
For the reasons stated, the judgment of the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is
Affirmed.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
Respondent Michael Loos was injured while working at
petitioner BNSF Railway Company's railyard. Loos sued
BNSF under the Federal Employers' Liability Act (FELA),
35 Stat. 65, as amended, 45 U. S. C. et seq., and gained
a $126,212.78 jury verdict. Of that amount the jury as-
cribed $30,000 to wages lost during the time Loos was
unable to work. BNSF moved for an offset against the
judgment. The lost wages awarded Loos, BNSF asserted,
constituted "compensation" taxable under the Railroad
Retirement Tax Act (RRTA), 26 U. S. C. et seq.
Therefore, BNSF urged, the railway was required to with-
hold a portion of the $30,000 attributable to lost wages to
cover Loos's share of RRTA taxes, which came to $3,765.
The District Court and the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit rejected the requested offset, holding that an
award of damages compensating an injured railroad worker
for lost wages is not taxable under the RRTA.
The question presented: Is a railroad's payment to an
employee for working time lost due to an on-the-job injury
taxable "compensation" under the RRTA, 26 U. S. C.
2 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

(1)? We granted review to resolve a division of
opinion on the answer to that question. 584 U. S. ___
(2018). Compare Hance v. Norfolk S. R. Co., 571 F. 3d
511, 523 (CA6 2009) ("compensation" includes pay for time
lost); Phillips v. Chicago Central & Pacific R. Co., 853
N. W. 2d 636, 650 -- 651 (Iowa 2014) (agency reasonably
interpreted "compensation" as including pay for time lost);
Heckman v. Burlington N. Santa Fe R. Co., 286 Neb. 453,
463, 837 N. W. 2d 532, 540 (2013) ("compensation" in-
cludes pay for time lost), with 865 F. 3d 1106, 1117 -- 1118
(CA8 2017) (case below) ("compensation" does not include
pay for time lost); Mickey v. BNSF R. Co., 437 S. W. 3d
207, 218 (Mo. 2014) ("compensation" does not include
FELA damages for lost wages). We now hold that an
award compensating for lost wages is subject to taxation
under the RRTA.
I
In 1937, Congress created a self-sustaining retirement
benefits system for railroad workers. The system provides
generous pensions as well as benefits "correspon[ding]...
to those an employee would expect to receive were he
covered by the Social Security Act." Hisquierdo v. His-
quierdo, (1979).
Two statutes operate in concert to ensure that retired
railroad workers receive their allotted pensions and bene-
fits. The first, the RRTA, funds the program by imposing
a payroll tax on both railroads and their employees. The
RRTA refers to the railroad's contribution as an "excise"
tax, 26 U. S. C., and describes the employee's share
as an "income" tax,. Congress assigned to the In-
ternal Revenue Service (IRS) responsibility for collecting
both taxes., 7801.1 The second statute, the Rail-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The railroad remits both taxes to the IRS. As to the income tax, the
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

Opinion of the Court

road Retirement Act (RRA), 50 Stat. 307, as restated and
amended, 45 U. S. C. et seq., entitles railroad work-
ers to various benefits and prescribes eligibility require-
ments. The RRA is administered by the Railroad Retire-
ment Board. See.
Taxes under the RRTA and benefits under the RRA are
measured by the employee's "compensation." 26 U. S. C., 3221; 45 U. S. C.. The RRTA and RRA
separately define "compensation," but both statutes state
that the term means "any form of money remuneration
paid to an individual for services rendered as an employee."
26 U. S. C. (1); 45 U. S. C. (1). This
language has remained basically unchanged since the
RRTA's enactment in 1937. See Carriers Taxing Act of
1937 (1937 RRTA), 50 Stat. 436 (defining "compen-
sation" as "any form of money remuneration earned by an
individual for services rendered as an employee"). The
RRTA excludes from "compensation" certain types of sick
pay and disability pay. See 26 U. S. C. (1), (4)(A).
The IRS's reading of the word "compensation" as it
appears in the RRTA has remained constant. One year
after the RRTA's adoption, the IRS stated that "compensa-
tion" is not limited to pay for active service but reaches, as
well, pay for periods of absence. See 26 CFR.5
(1938). This understanding has governed for more than
eight decades. As restated in the current IRS regulations,
"[t]he term compensation is not confined to amounts paid
for active service, but includes amounts paid for an identi-
fiable period during which the employee is absent from the
active service of the employer.".3231(e) -- 1(a)(3) (2017).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
railroad deducts the amount owed by the employee from her earnings
and then forwards that amount to the IRS. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 22 -- 23.
See also 26 U. S. C. (1) (employers must "deduct and withhold"
income taxes from earnings).
4 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

In 1994, the IRS added, specifically, that "compensation"
includes "pay for time lost.".3231(e) -- 1(a)(4); see 59
Fed. Reg. 66188 (1994).
Congress created both the railroad retirement system
and the Social Security system during the Great Depres-
sion primarily to ensure the financial security of members
of the workforce when they reach old age. See Wisconsin
Central Ltd. v. United States, 585 U. S. ___, ___ (2018)
; Helvering v. Davis, 
(1937). Given the similarities in timing and purpose of the
two programs, it is hardly surprising that their statutory
foundations mirror each other. Regarding Social Security,
the Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA), 26
U. S. C. et seq., taxes employers and employees to
fund benefits, which are distributed pursuant to the Social
Security Act (SSA), 49 Stat. 620, as amended, 42 U. S. C.
et seq. Tax and benefit amounts are determined by
the worker's "wages," the Social Security equivalent to
"compensation." See Davis, 301 U. S., at 635 -- 636. Both
the FICA and the SSA define "wages" employing language
resembling the RRTA and the RRA definitions of "compen-
sation." "Wages" under the FICA and the SSA mean "all
remuneration for employment," and "employment," in
turn, means "any service, of whatever nature, performed... by an employee." 26 U. S. C. -- (b) (FICA); see
42 U. S. C., 410(a) (SSA). Reading these pre-
scriptions together, the term "wages" encompasses "all
remuneration" for "any service, of whatever nature, per-
formed... by an employee." Ibid.
II
A
To determine whether RRTA-qualifying "compensation"
includes an award of damages for lost wages, we begin
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

Opinion of the Court

with the statutory text.2 The RRTA defines "compensa-
tion" as "remuneration paid to an individual for services
rendered as an employee." 26 U. S. C. (1). This
definition, as just noted, is materially indistinguishable
from the FICA's definition of "wages" to include "remuner-
ation" for "any service, of whatever nature, performed...
by an employee.".
Given the textual similarity between the definitions of
"compensation" for railroad retirement purposes and
"wages" for Social Security purposes, our decisions on the
meaning of "wages" in Social Security Bd. v. Nierotko, (1946), and United States v. Quality Stores, Inc.,
(2014), inform our comprehension of the
RRTA term "compensation." In Nierotko, the National
Labor Relations Board found that an employee had been
"wrongfully discharged for union activity" and awarded
him backpay. 327 U. S., at 359. The Social Security
Board refused to credit the backpay award in calculating
the employee's benefits. Id., at 365 -- 366. In the Board's
view, "wages" covered only pay for active service. Ibid.
We disagreed. Emphasizing that the phrase "any service... performed" denotes "breadth of coverage," we held that
"wages" means remuneration for "the entire employer-
employee relationship"; in other words, "wages" embraced
pay for active service plus pay received for periods of
absence from active service. Id., at 366. Backpay, we

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Before turning to the language of the RRTA, the dissent endeavors

to unearth the reason why BNSF has pursued this case. The railroad's
"gambit," the dissent surmises, is to increase pressure on injured
workers to settle their claims. Post, at 3. Contrast with the dissent's
conjecture, BNSF's entirely plausible account of a railroad's stake in
this dispute. Because the RRA credits lost wages toward an employee's
benefits, see 45 U. S. C. (1), BNSF posits that immunizing those
payments from RRTA taxes would expose the system to "a long-term
risk of insolvency." Tr. of Oral Arg. 4; see Reply Brief for Petitioner 14.
6 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

reasoned, counts as "wages" because it compensates for
"the loss of wages which the employee suffered from the
employer's wrong." Id., at 364.
In Quality Stores, we again trained on the meaning of
"wages," reiterating that "Congress chose to define wages... broadly." 572 U. S., at 146. Guided by Nierotko, Quality Stores held that
severance payments qualified as "wages" taxable under
the FICA. "[C]ommon sense," we observed, "dictates that
employees receive th[ose] payments 'for employment.' "
572 U. S., at 146. Severance payments, the Court spelled
out, "are made to employees only," "are made in considera-
tion for employment," and are calculated "according to the
function and seniority of the [terminated] employee." Id.,
at 146 -- 147.
In line with Nierotko, Quality Stores, and the IRS's long
held construction, we hold that "compensation" under the
RRTA encompasses not simply pay for active service but,
in addition, pay for periods of absence from active ser-
vice -- provided that the remuneration in question stems
from the "employer-employee relationship." Nierotko, 327
U. S., at 366.
B
Damages awarded under the FELA for lost wages fit
comfortably within this definition. The FELA "makes
railroads liable in money damages to their employees for
on-the-job injuries." BNSF R. Co. v. Tyrrell, 581 U. S. ___,
___ (2017) ; see 45 U. S. C.. If a railroad
negligently fails to maintain a safe railyard and a worker
is injured as a result, the FELA requires the railroad to
compensate the injured worker for, inter alia, working
time lost due to the employer's wrongdoing. FELA dam-
ages for lost wages, then, are functionally equivalent to an
award of backpay, which compensates an employee "for a
period of time during which" the employee is "wrongfully
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

Opinion of the Court

separated from his job." Nierotko, 327 U. S., at 364. Just
as Nierotko held that backpay falls within the definition of
"wages," ibid., we conclude that FELA damages for lost
wages qualify as "compensation" and are therefore taxable
under the RRTA.
III
A
The Eighth Circuit construed "compensation" for RRTA
purposes to mean only pay for "services that an employee
actually renders," in other words, pay for active service.
Consequently, the court held that "compensation" within
the RRTA's compass did not reach pay for periods of ab-
sence. 865 F. 3d, at 1117. In so ruling, the Court of Ap-
peals attempted to distinguish Nierotko and Quality
Stores. The Social Security decisions, the court said, were
inapposite because the FICA "taxes payment for 'employ-
ment,' " whereas the RRTA "tax[es] payment for 'services.' "
865 F. 3d, at 1117. As noted, however, supra, at 3 -- 4, the
FICA defines "employment" in language resembling the
RRTA in all relevant respects. Compare 26 U. S. C.
(FICA) ("any service, of whatever nature, per-
formed... by an employee") with (1) (RRTA)
("services rendered as an employee"). Construing RRTA
"compensation" as less embracive than "wages" covered by
the FICA would introduce an unwarranted disparity
between terms Congress appeared to regard as equiva-
lents. The reasoning of Nierotko and Quality Stores, as we
see it, resists the Eighth Circuit's swift writeoff.3
Nierotko and Quality Stores apart, we would in any
event conclude that the RRTA term "compensation" covers
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The dissent's reduction of Nierotko's significance fares no better.
Nierotko, the dissent urges, is distinguishable because it involved "a
different factual context." Post, at 7. But as just explained, supra, at
6 -- 7, the facts in Nierotko resemble those here in all material respects.
8 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

pay for time lost. Restricting "compensation" to pay for
active service, the Court of Appeals relied on statutory
history and, in particular, the eventual deletion of two
references to pay for time lost contained in early rendi-
tions of the RRTA. See also post, at 6 -- 7 (presenting the
Eighth Circuit's statutory history argument). To under-
stand the Eighth Circuit's position, and why, in our judg-
ment, that position does not withstand scrutiny, some
context is in order.
On enactment of the RRTA in 1937, Congress made
"compensation" taxable at the time it was earned and
provided specific guidance on when pay for time lost
should be "deemed earned." Congress instructed: "The
term 'compensation' means any form of money remunera-
tion earned by an individual for services rendered as an
employee..., including remuneration paid for time lost
as an employee, but [such] remuneration... shall be
deemed earned in the month in which such time is lost."
1937 RRTA, 50 Stat. 436. In
1946, Congress clarified that the phrase "pa[y] for time
lost" meant payment for "an identifiable period of absence
from the active service of the employer, including absence
on account of personal injury." Act of July 31, 1946 (1946
Act), 60 Stat. 722.
Thus, originally, the RRTA stated that "compensation"
included pay for time lost, and the language added in 1946
presupposed the same. In subsequent amendments, how-
ever, Congress removed the references to pay for time lost.
First, in 1975, Congress made "compensation" taxable
when paid rather than when earned. Congress simultane-
ously removed the 1937 language that both referred to pay
for time lost and specified when such pay should be
"deemed earned." So amended, the definitional sentence,
in its current form, reads: "The term 'compensation' means
any form of money remuneration paid to an individual for
services rendered as an employee...." Act of Aug. 9,
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

Opinion of the Court

1975 (1975 Act), 89 Stat. 466.
Second, in 1983, Congress shifted the wage base for
RRTA taxes from monthly "compensation" to annual
"compensation." See Railroad Retirement Solvency Act of
1983 (1983 Act), 97 Stat. 424 -- 425. Because the
"monthly wage bases for railroad retirement taxes [were
being] changed to annual amounts," the House Report
explained, the RRTA required "[s]everal technical and
conforming amendments." H. R. Rep. No. 98 -- 30, pt. 2,
p. 29 (1983). In a section of the 1983 Act titled "Technical
Amendments," Congress struck the subsection containing,
among other provisions, the 1946 Act's clarification of pay
for time lost. 1983 Act, 97 Stat. 424 -- 425. In lieu of
the deleted subsection, Congress inserted detailed instruc-
tions concerning the new annual wage base.
As the Court of Appeals and the dissent see it, the 1975
and 1983 deletions show that "compensation" no longer
includes pay for time lost. 865 F. 3d, at 1119; see post, at
6 -- 7. We are not so sure. The 1975 Act left unaltered the
language at issue here, "remuneration... for services
rendered as an employee." That Act also left intact the
1946 Act's description of pay for time lost. Continuing
after the 1975 Act, then, such pay remained RRTA-taxable
"compensation." The 1983 Act, as billed by Congress,
effected only "[t]echnical [a]mendments" relating to the
change from monthly to annual computation of "compen-
sation." Concerning the 1975 and 1983 alterations, the
IRS concluded that Congress revealed no "inten[tion] to
exclude payments for time lost from compensation." 59
Fed. Reg. 66188 (1994). We credit the IRS reading. It
would be passing strange for Congress to restrict substan-
tially what counts as "compensation" in a manner so
oblique.
Moreover, the text of the RRTA continues to indicate
that "compensation" encompasses pay for time lost. The
RRTA excludes from "compensation" a limited subset of
10 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

payments for time lost, notably certain types of sick pay
and disability pay. See 26 U. S. C. (1), (4). These
enumerated exclusions would be entirely superfluous if, as
the Court of Appeals held, the RRTA broadly excludes
from "compensation" any and all pay received for time lost.
In justification of its confinement of RRTA-taxable
receipts to pay for active service, the Court of Appeals also
referred to the RRA. The RRA, like the RRTA as enacted
in 1937, states that "compensation" "includ[es] remunera-
tion paid for time lost as an employee" and specifies that
such pay "shall be deemed earned in the month in which
such time is lost." 45 U. S. C. (1). Pointing to the
discrepancy between the RRA and the amended RRTA,
which no longer contains the above-quoted language, the
Court of Appeals concluded that Congress intended the
RRA, but not the RRTA, to include pay for time lost.
Accord post, at 7. Although " '[w]e usually presume differ-
ences in language... convey differences in meaning,' "
Wisconsin Central, 585 U. S., at ___, Con-
gress' failure to reconcile the RRA and the amended RRTA
is inconsequential. As just explained, the RRTA's
pinpointed exclusions from RRTA taxation signal that
nonexcluded pay for time lost remains RRTA-taxable
"compensation."
B
Instead of adopting lockstep the Court of Appeals' inter-
pretation, Loos takes a different approach. In his view,
echoed by the dissent, "remuneration... for services
rendered" means the "package of benefits" an employer
pays "to retain the employee." Brief for Respondent 37;
post, at 3 -- 4. He therefore agrees with BNSF that benefits
like sick pay and vacation pay are taxable "compensation."
He contends, however, that FELA damages for lost wages
are of a different order. They are not part of an employee's
"package of benefits," he observes, and therefore should
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 11

Opinion of the Court

not count as "compensation." Such damages, Loos urges,
"compensate for an injury" rather than for services ren-
dered. Brief for Respondent 20; post, at 3 -- 4. Loos argues
in the alternative that even if voluntary settlements qualify
as "compensation," "involuntary payment[s]" in the form
of damages do not. Brief for Respondent 33.
Our decision in Nierotko undermines Loos's argument
that, unlike sick pay and vacation pay, payments "com-
pensat[ing] for an injury," Brief for Respondent 20, are not
taxable under the RRTA. We held in Nierotko that an
award of backpay compensating an employee for his
wrongful discharge ranked as "wages" under the SSA.
That was so, we explained, because the backpay there
awarded to the employee redressed "the loss of wages"
occasioned by "the employer's wrong." 327 U. S., at 364;
see supra, at 5. Applying that reasoning here, there
should be no dispositive difference between a payment
voluntarily made and one required by law.4
Nor does United States v. Cleveland Indians Baseball
Co., (2001), aid Loos's argument, repeated
by the dissent. See post, at 8. Indeed, Cleveland Indians
reasserted Nierotko's holding that "backpay for a time in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The dissent, building on Loos's argument, tenders an inapt analogy
between passengers and employees. If BNSF were ordered to pay
damages for lost wages to an injured passenger, the dissent asserts, one
would not say the passenger had been compensated "for services
rendered." There is no reason, the dissent concludes, to "reach a
different result here simply because the victim of BNSF's negligence
happened to be one of its own workers." Post, at 5. Under the RRTA,
however, this distinction is of course critical. The passenger's damages
for lost wages are not taxable under the RRTA, for she has no employ-
ment relationship with the railroad. In contrast, FELA damages for
lost wages are taxable because they are paid only if the injured person
previously "rendered [services] as an employee," 26 U. S. C. (1),
and, indeed, was working for the railroad when the injury occurred, see
45 U. S. C..
12 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

which the employee was not on the job" counts as pay for
services, and therefore ranks as wages. 532 U. S., at 210.
Cleveland Indians then took up a discrete, "secondary
issue" Nierotko presented, one not in contention here, i.e.,
whether for taxation purposes backpay is allocable to the
tax period when paid rather than an earlier time-earned
period. 532 U. S., at 211, 213 -- 214, 219 -- 220. Moreover,
Quality Stores, which postdated Cleveland Indians, left no
doubt that what qualifies under Nierotko as "wages" for
benefit purposes also qualifies as such for taxation pur-
poses. 572 U. S., at 146 -- 147.
C
Loos presses a final reason why he should not owe
RRTA taxes on his lost wages award. Loos argues, and
the District Court held, that the RRTA's tax on employees
does not apply to personal injury damages. He observes
that the RRTA taxes "the income of each employee." 26
U. S. C. -- (b). He then cites a
provision of the Internal Revenue Code, 26 U. S. C.
(2). This provision exempts "damages... received... on account of personal physical injuries" from federal
income taxation by excluding such damages from "gross
income." Loos urges that the exclusion of personal
injury damages from "gross income" should carry over
to the RRTA's tax on the "income" of railroad workers,
-- (b).
The argument is unconvincing. As the Government
points out, the District Court, echoed by Loos, conflated
"the distinct concepts of 'gross income,' [a prime compo-
nent of] the tax base on which income tax is collected, and
'compensation,' the separately defined category of pay-
ments that are taxable under the RRTA." Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 15. Blending tax bases that
Congress kept discrete, the District Court and Loos proffer
a scheme in which employees pay no tax on damages
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 13

Opinion of the Court

compensating for personal injuries; railroads pay the full
excise tax on such compensation; and employees receive
full credit for the compensation in determining their re-
tirement benefits. That scheme, however, is not plausibly
attributable to Congress.
For federal income tax purposes, "gross income" means
"all income" "[e]xcept as otherwise provided." 26 U. S. C.
; see, 63 (imposing a tax on "taxable income," de-
fined as "gross income minus... deductions"). Congress
provided detailed prescriptions on the scope of "gross
income," excluding from its reach numerous items, among
them, personal injury damages. See -- 140. Conspic-
uously absent from the RRTA, however, is any reference to
"gross income." As employed in the RRTA, the word "in-
come" merely distinguishes the tax on the employee, an
"income... tax,", from the matching tax on the
railroad, called an "excise tax.", 3221. See also
1937 RRTA, -- 3 (establishing an "income tax on em-
ployees" and an "excise tax on employers"); S. Rep. No.
818, 75th Cong., 1st Sess., 5 (1937) (stating that the RRTA
imposes an "income tax on employees" and an "excise tax
on employers"); H. R. Rep. No. 1071, 75th Cong., 1st Sess.,
6 (1937) (same).
Congress, we reiterate, specified not "gross income" but
employee "compensation" as the tax base for the RRTA's
income and excise taxes., 3221. Congress then
excepted certain payments from the calculation of "com-
pensation." See ; supra, at 9. Congress adopted
by cross-reference particular Internal Revenue Code ex-
clusions from "gross income," thereby carving out those
specified items from RRTA coverage. See (5) -- (6),
(9) -- (11). Tellingly, Congress did not adopt for RRTA
purposes the exclusion of personal injury damages from
federal income taxation set out in (2). We note,
furthermore, that if RRTA taxes were based on "income"
or "gross income" rather than "compensation," the RRTA
14 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

tax base would sweep in nonrailroad income, including,
for example, dividends, interest accruals, even lottery
winnings. Shifting from "compensation" to "income" as the
RRTA tax base would thus saddle railroad workers with
more RRTA taxes.
Given the multiple flaws in Loos's last ditch argument,
we conclude that (2) does not exempt FELA dam-
ages from the RRTA's income and excise taxes.
* * *
In harmony with this Court's decisions in Nierotko and
Quality Stores, we hold that "compensation" for RRTA
purposes includes an employer's payments to an employee
for active service and for periods of absence from active
service. It is immaterial whether the employer chooses to
make the payment or is legally required to do so. Either
way, the payment is remitted to the recipient because of
his status as a service-rendering employee. See 26
U. S. C. (1); 45 U. S. C. (1).
For the reasons stated, FELA damages for lost wages
qualify as RRTA-taxable "compensation." The judgment of
the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is accordingly
reversed, and the case is remanded for proceedings con-
sistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 1042
_________________

BNSF RAILWAY COMPANY, PETITIONER v.
MICHAEL D. LOOS
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT
[March 4, 2019]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins,
dissenting.
BNSF Railway's negligence caused one of its employees
a serious injury. After a trial, a court ordered the
company to pay damages. But instead of sending the full
amount to the employee, BNSF asserted that it had to
divert a portion to the Internal Revenue Service. Why?
BNSF said the money represented taxable "compensation"
for "services rendered as an employee." 26 U. S. C.
(1). Today, the Court agrees with the company.
Respectfully, I do not. When an employee suffers a
physical injury due to his employer's negligence and has to
sue in court to recover damages, it seems more natural to
me to describe the final judgment as compensation for his
injury than for services (never) rendered.
The Court does not lay out the facts of the case, but they
are relevant to my analysis and straightforward enough.
Years ago, Michael Loos was working for BNSF in a train
yard when he fell into a hidden drainage grate and injured
his knee. He missed work for many months, and upon his
return he had a series of absences, many of which he
attributed to knee-injury flareups. When the company
moved to fire him for allegedly violating its attendance
policies, Mr. Loos sued. Among other things, Mr. Loos
sought damages for BNSF's negligence in maintaining the
2 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

train yard. He brought his claim under the Federal
Employers' Liability Act (FELA), an analogue to
traditional state-law tort suits that makes an interstate
railroad "liable in damages to any person suffering injury
while he is employed" by the railroad "for such injury...
resulting in whole or in part from the [railroad's]
negligence." 45 U. S. C.. Ultimately, and again much
like in any other tort suit, the jury awarded damages in
three categories: $85,000 in pain and suffering, $11,212.78
in medical expenses, and $30,000 in lost wages -- the final
category representing the amount Mr. Loos was unable to
earn because of the injury BNSF's negligence caused.
Then a strange thing happened. BNSF argued that the
lost wages portion of Mr. Loos's judgment represented
"compensation" to him "for services rendered as an
employee" and was thus taxable income under the
Railroad Retirement Tax Act (RRTA). 26 U. S. C. 
et seq. In much the same way the Social Security Act
taxes other citizens' incomes to fund their retirement
benefits, the RRTA taxes railroad employees' earnings to
pay for their public pensions. And BNSF took the view
that, because Mr. Loos owed the IRS taxes on the lost
wages portion of his judgment, it had to withhold an
appropriate sum and redirect it to the government. The
company took this position even though it meant BNSF
would owe corresponding excise taxes. See 26 U. S. C.. It took this position, too, even though no one has
identified for us a single case where the IRS has sought to
collect RRTA taxes on a FELA judgment in the 80 years
the two statutes have coexisted. The company even
persisted in its view after, first, the district court and,
then, the Eighth Circuit ruled that Mr. Loos's award
wasn't subject to RRTA taxes. Even after all that, BNSF
went to the trouble of seeking review in this Court to win
the right to pay the IRS.
What's the reason for BNSF's tireless campaign? Is the
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

company really moved by a selfless desire to protect a
federal program from "a long-term risk of insolvency"?
See ante, at 5,. Several amici offer a more prosaic
possibility. Under the rule BNSF seeks and wins today,
RRTA taxes will be due on (but only on) the portion of a
FELA settlement or judgment designated as lost wages.
Taxes will not attach to other amounts attributed to, say,
pain and suffering or medical costs. At trial, of course, a
plaintiff 's damages are what they are, and often juries
will attribute a significant portion of damages to lost
wages. But with the help of the asymmetric tax treatment
they secure today, railroads like BSNF can now sweeten
their settlement offers while offering less money. Forgo
trial and accept a lower settlement, they will tell injured
workers, and in return we will designate a small fraction
(maybe even none) of the payments as taxable lost wages.
In this way, the Court's decision today may do precisely
nothing to increase the government's tax collections or
protect the solvency of any federal program. Instead, it
may only mean that employees will pay a tax for going to
trial -- and railroads will succeed in buying cheaper
settlements in the future at the bargain basement price of
a few thousand dollars in excise taxes in one case today.
See Brief for American Association for Justice as Amicus
Curiae 34 -- 36; Brief for SMART et al. as Amici Curiae 5 -- 7.
Whatever the reason for BNSF's gambit, the problems
with it start for me at the first step of the statutory
interpretation analysis -- with the text of the law itself.
The RRTA taxes an employee's "compensation," which it
defines as "money remuneration... for services rendered
as an employee to one or more employers." 26 U. S. C.
(1). A "service" refers to "duty or labor... by one
person... bound to submit his will to the direction and
control of [another]." Black's Law Dictionary 1607 (3d ed.
1933). And "remuneration" means "a quid pro quo," "rec-
ompense" or "reward" for such services. Id., at 1528. So
4 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the words "remuneration for services rendered" naturally
cover things like an employee's salary or hourly wage.
Nor do they stop there, as the Court correctly notes.
Rather, and contrary to the court of appeals' view, those
words also fairly encompass benefits like sick or disability
pay. After all, an employer offers those benefits to attract
and keep employees working on its behalf. In that way,
these benefits form part of the "quid pro quo" (compensa-
tion) the employer pays to secure the "duty or labor" (ser-
vices) the employee renders. Cf. United States v. Quality
Stores, Inc., (2014).
But damages for negligence are different. No one would
describe a dangerous fall or the wrenching of a knee as a
"service rendered" to the party who negligently caused the
accident. BNSF hardly directed Mr. Loos to fall or offered
to pay him for doing so. In fact, BNSF didn't even pay Mr.
Loos voluntarily; he had to wrest a judgment from the
railroad at the end of a legal battle. So Mr. Loos's FELA
judgment seems to me, as it did to every judge in the
proceedings below, unconnected to any service Mr. Loos
rendered to BNSF. Instead of being "compensation" for
"services rendered as an employee," it seems more natural
to say that the negligence damages BNSF paid are "com-
pensation" to Mr. Loos for his injury. That's exactly how
we usually understand tort damages -- as "compensation"
for an "injury" caused by "the unlawful act or omission or
negligence of another." Black's Law Dictionary 314 (2d ed.
1910). And that's exactly how FELA describes the damages
it provides -- stating that it renders a railroad "liable"
not for services rendered but for any "injury" caused by
the defendant's "negligence." 45 U. S. C. ; see also New
York Central R. Co. v. Winfield, (1917)
(Brandeis, J., dissenting) (FELA liability is "a penalty for
wrong doing," a "remedy" that "mak[es] the wrongdoer
indemnify him whom he has wronged").
Of course, BNSF isn't without a reply. Time and again
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

it highlights the fact that the district court measured the
lost wages portion of Mr. Loos's award by reference to
what he could have earned but for his injury. But if
BNSF's negligence had injured a passenger on a train
instead of an employee in a train yard, a jury could have
measured the passenger's tort damages in exactly the
same way, taking account of the wages she could have
earned from her own employer but for the railroad's negli-
gence. Vicksburg & Meridian R. Co. v. Putnam, (1886). In those circumstances, I doubt any of us
would say the passenger's damages award represented
compensation for "services rendered" to her employer
rather than compensation for her injury. And I don't see
why we would reach a different result here simply because
the victim of BNSF's negligence happened to be one of its
own workers. Of course, as the Court points out, ante, at
11, FELA suits may be brought only by railroad
employees against their employers. But in cases like ours
a FELA suit simply serves in the interstate railroad in-
dustry as a federalized substitute for a traditional state
negligence tort claim of the sort that could be brought by
anyone the railroad injured, employee or not. Inescapably,
"the basis of liability under [FELA] is and remains negli-
gence." Wilkerson v. McCarthy, (1949)
(Douglas, J., concurring).
Looking beyond the statute's text to its history only
compounds BNSF's problems. To be clear, the statutory
history I have in mind here isn't the sort of unenacted
legislative history that often is neither truly legislative
(having failed to survive bicameralism and presentment)
nor truly historical (consisting of advocacy aimed at win-
ning in future litigation what couldn't be won in past
statutes). Instead, I mean here the record of enacted
changes Congress made to the relevant statutory text over
time, the sort of textual evidence everyone agrees can
sometimes shed light on meaning. See United States v.
6 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Wong Kim Ark, -- 654 (1898).
The RRTA's statutory history is long and instructive.
Beginning in 1937, the statute defined taxable "compensa-
tion" to include remuneration "for services rendered," but
with the further instruction that this included compensa-
tion "for time lost." Carriers Taxing Act of 1937, 50
Stat. 436. Courts applying the RRTA's sister statute, the
Railroad Retirement Act (RRA), understood this language
to capture settlement payments for personal injury claims
that would not otherwise qualify as "remuneration... for
services rendered." See, e.g., Jacques v. Railroad Retire-
ment Bd., 736 F. 2d 34, 39 -- 40 (CA2 1984); Grant v. Rail-
road Retirement Bd., 173 F. 2d 385, 386 -- 387 (CA10 1949).
Congress itself seemed to agree, explaining in 1946 that
remuneration for "time lost" includes payments made
"with respect to an... absence on account of personal
injury.", 60 Stat. 725. But then Congress reversed
field. In 1975, it removed payments "for time lost" from
the RRTA's definition of "compensation.", 89 Stat.
466. And in 1983, Congress overwrote the last remaining
reference to payments "for time lost" in a nearby section., 97 Stat. 424 -- 426. To my mind, Congress's decision
to remove the only language that could have fairly cap-
tured the damages here cannot be easily ignored.
Yet BNSF would have us do exactly that. On its ac-
count, the RRTA's discussions about compensation for
time lost and personal injuries only ever served to illus-
trate what has qualified all along as remuneration for
"services rendered." So, on its view, when Congress first
added and then removed language about time lost and
personal injuries, it quite literally wasted its time because
none of its additions and subtractions altered the statute's
meaning. Put another way, BNSF asks us to read back
into the law words (time lost, personal injury) that Con-
gress deliberately removed on the assumption they were
never really needed in the first place. As I see it, that is
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

less " 'a construction of a statute [than] an enlargement of
it by the court, so that what was omitted, [BNSF] pre-
sum[es] by inadvertence, may be included within its scope.
To supply omissions [like that] transcends the judicial
function.' " West Virginia Univ. Hospitals, Inc. v. Casey,
(1991) (Brandeis, J.)).
Looking beyond the text and history of this statute to
compare it with others confirms the conclusion. Where
the RRTA directs the taxation of railroad employee income
to fund retirement benefits, the RRA controls the calcula-
tion of those benefits. And, unlike the RRTA, that statute
continues to include "pay for time lost" in the definition of
"compensation" it uses to calculate benefits. 45 U. S. C.
(1). Normally, when Congress chooses to exclude
terms in one statute while introducing or retaining them
in another closely related law, we give effect to rather
than pass a blind eye over the difference. Nor is there any
question that Congress knows exactly how to tax a favor-
able tort judgment when it wants. See, e.g., 26 U. S. C.
(2) (punitive damages are not deductible). Its
failure to offer any comparably clear command here
should, once more, tell us something.
With so much in the statute's text, history, and sur-
roundings now pointing for Mr. Loos, BNSF is left to lean
heavily on case law. The company says we must rule its
way primarily because of Social Security Bd. v. Nierotko,
(1946). But I do not see anything in that
case dictating a victory for BNSF. Nierotko concerned a
different statute, a different legal claim, and a different
factual context. There, the plaintiff brought a wrongful
termination claim before the National Labor Relations
Board, claiming that his employer fired him in retaliation
for union activity. The NLRB ordered the employee rein-
stated to his former job and paid as if he had never left.
Under those circumstances, this Court held that for pur-
8 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

poses of calculating the plaintiff 's Social Security Act
benefits, his "wages" should include his backpay award,
allocated to the period when he would have been working
but for the employer's misconduct. Since then, however,
the Court has suggested that at least one of Nierotko's
holdings was likely motivated more by a policy concern
with protecting the employee's full retirement to Social
Security benefits than by a careful reading of the Social
Security Act. See United States v. Cleveland Indians
Baseball Co., -- 213 (2001); id., at 220 -- 
221 (Scalia, J., concurring in judgment). Besides, in this
case we're simply not faced with a wrongful termination
claim, an award of backpay, or the interpretation of the
Social Security Act -- let alone reason to worry that ruling
for Mr. Loos would inequitably shortchange an employee.
So whatever light Nierotko might continue to shed on the
question it faced, and whatever superficial similarities one
might point to here, that decision simply doesn't dictate an
answer to the question whether a tort victim's damages for
a physical injury qualify as "compensation for services
rendered" under the RRTA.
By this point BNSF is left with only one argument,
which it treats as no more than a last resort: Chevron
deference. In the past, the briefs and oral argument in
this case likely would have centered on whether we should
defer to the IRS's administrative interpretation of the
RRTA. After all, the IRS (at least today) agrees with
BNSF's interpretation that "compensation... for services
rendered" includes damages for personal injuries. And the
Chevron doctrine, if it retains any force, would seem to
allow BNSF to parlay any statutory ambiguity into a
colorable argument for judicial deference to the IRS's view,
regardless of the Court's best independent understanding
of the law. See Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Natural Resources
Defense Council, Inc., (1984). Of course, any
Chevron analysis here would be complicated by the gov-
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

ernment's change of heart. For if Nierotko is as relevant
as BNSF contends, then it must also be relevant that,
back when Nierotko was decided, the IRS took the view
that the term "wages" in the Social Security Act did not
include backpay awards for wrongful termination. See
327 U. S., at 366 -- 367. And if "wages" don't include back-
pay awards for wrongful terminations, it's hard to see how
"compensation... for services rendered" might include
damages for an act of negligence. Still, even with the
complications that follow from executive agencies' pench-
ant for changing their views about the law's meaning
almost as often as they change administrations, a plea for
deference surely would have enjoyed pride of place in
BNSF's submission not long ago.
But nothing like that happened here. BNSF devoted
scarcely any of its briefing to Chevron. At oral argument,
BNSF's lawyer didn't even mention the case until the final
seconds -- and even then "hate[d] to cite" it. Tr. of Oral
Arg. 58. No doubt, BNSF proceeded this way well aware
of the mounting criticism of Chevron deference. See, e.g.,
Pereira v. Sessions, 585 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2018) (Kenne-
dy, J., concurring). And no doubt, too, this is all to the
good. Instead of throwing up our hands and letting an
interested party -- the federal government's executive
branch, no less -- dictate an inferior interpretation of the
law that may be more the product of politics than a scru-
pulous reading of the statute, the Court today buckles
down to its job of saying what the law is in light of its text,
its context, and our precedent. Though I may disagree
with the result the Court reaches, my colleagues rightly
afford the parties before us an independent judicial inter-
pretation of the law. They deserve no less.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
Respondent Michael Loos was injured while working at
petitioner BNSF Railway Company's railyard. Loos sued
BNSF under the Federal Employers' Liability Act (FELA),
35 Stat. 65, as amended, 45 U. S. C. et seq., and gained
a $126,212.78 jury verdict. Of that amount the jury as-
cribed $30,000 to wages lost during the time Loos was
unable to work. BNSF moved for an offset against the
judgment. The lost wages awarded Loos, BNSF asserted,
constituted "compensation" taxable under the Railroad
Retirement Tax Act (RRTA), 26 U. S. C. et seq.
Therefore, BNSF urged, the railway was required to with-
hold a portion of the $30,000 attributable to lost wages to
cover Loos's share of RRTA taxes, which came to $3,765.
The District Court and the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit rejected the requested offset, holding that an
award of damages compensating an injured railroad worker
for lost wages is not taxable under the RRTA.
The question presented: Is a railroad's payment to an
employee for working time lost due to an on-the-job injury
taxable "compensation" under the RRTA, 26 U. S. C.
2 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

(1)? We granted review to resolve a division of
opinion on the answer to that question. 584 U. S. ___
(2018). Compare Hance v. Norfolk S. R. Co., 571 F. 3d
511, 523 (CA6 2009) ("compensation" includes pay for time
lost); Phillips v. Chicago Central & Pacific R. Co., 853
N. W. 2d 636, 650 -- 651 (Iowa 2014) (agency reasonably
interpreted "compensation" as including pay for time lost);
Heckman v. Burlington N. Santa Fe R. Co., 286 Neb. 453,
463, 837 N. W. 2d 532, 540 (2013) ("compensation" in-
cludes pay for time lost), with 865 F. 3d 1106, 1117 -- 1118
(CA8 2017) (case below) ("compensation" does not include
pay for time lost); Mickey v. BNSF R. Co., 437 S. W. 3d
207, 218 (Mo. 2014) ("compensation" does not include
FELA damages for lost wages). We now hold that an
award compensating for lost wages is subject to taxation
under the RRTA.
I
In 1937, Congress created a self-sustaining retirement
benefits system for railroad workers. The system provides
generous pensions as well as benefits "correspon[ding]...
to those an employee would expect to receive were he
covered by the Social Security Act." Hisquierdo v. His-
quierdo, (1979).
Two statutes operate in concert to ensure that retired
railroad workers receive their allotted pensions and bene-
fits. The first, the RRTA, funds the program by imposing
a payroll tax on both railroads and their employees. The
RRTA refers to the railroad's contribution as an "excise"
tax, 26 U. S. C., and describes the employee's share
as an "income" tax,. Congress assigned to the In-
ternal Revenue Service (IRS) responsibility for collecting
both taxes., 7801.1 The second statute, the Rail-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The railroad remits both taxes to the IRS. As to the income tax, the
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

Opinion of the Court

road Retirement Act (RRA), 50 Stat. 307, as restated and
amended, 45 U. S. C. et seq., entitles railroad work-
ers to various benefits and prescribes eligibility require-
ments. The RRA is administered by the Railroad Retire-
ment Board. See.
Taxes under the RRTA and benefits under the RRA are
measured by the employee's "compensation." 26 U. S. C., 3221; 45 U. S. C.. The RRTA and RRA
separately define "compensation," but both statutes state
that the term means "any form of money remuneration
paid to an individual for services rendered as an employee."
26 U. S. C. (1); 45 U. S. C. (1). This
language has remained basically unchanged since the
RRTA's enactment in 1937. See Carriers Taxing Act of
1937 (1937 RRTA), 50 Stat. 436 (defining "compen-
sation" as "any form of money remuneration earned by an
individual for services rendered as an employee"). The
RRTA excludes from "compensation" certain types of sick
pay and disability pay. See 26 U. S. C. (1), (4)(A).
The IRS's reading of the word "compensation" as it
appears in the RRTA has remained constant. One year
after the RRTA's adoption, the IRS stated that "compensa-
tion" is not limited to pay for active service but reaches, as
well, pay for periods of absence. See 26 CFR.5
(1938). This understanding has governed for more than
eight decades. As restated in the current IRS regulations,
"[t]he term compensation is not confined to amounts paid
for active service, but includes amounts paid for an identi-
fiable period during which the employee is absent from the
active service of the employer.".3231(e) -- 1(a)(3) (2017).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
railroad deducts the amount owed by the employee from her earnings
and then forwards that amount to the IRS. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 22 -- 23.
See also 26 U. S. C. (1) (employers must "deduct and withhold"
income taxes from earnings).
4 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

In 1994, the IRS added, specifically, that "compensation"
includes "pay for time lost.".3231(e) -- 1(a)(4); see 59
Fed. Reg. 66188 (1994).
Congress created both the railroad retirement system
and the Social Security system during the Great Depres-
sion primarily to ensure the financial security of members
of the workforce when they reach old age. See Wisconsin
Central Ltd. v. United States, 585 U. S. ___, ___ (2018)
; Helvering v. Davis, 
(1937). Given the similarities in timing and purpose of the
two programs, it is hardly surprising that their statutory
foundations mirror each other. Regarding Social Security,
the Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA), 26
U. S. C. et seq., taxes employers and employees to
fund benefits, which are distributed pursuant to the Social
Security Act (SSA), 49 Stat. 620, as amended, 42 U. S. C.
et seq. Tax and benefit amounts are determined by
the worker's "wages," the Social Security equivalent to
"compensation." See Davis, 301 U. S., at 635 -- 636. Both
the FICA and the SSA define "wages" employing language
resembling the RRTA and the RRA definitions of "compen-
sation." "Wages" under the FICA and the SSA mean "all
remuneration for employment," and "employment," in
turn, means "any service, of whatever nature, performed... by an employee." 26 U. S. C. -- (b) (FICA); see
42 U. S. C., 410(a) (SSA). Reading these pre-
scriptions together, the term "wages" encompasses "all
remuneration" for "any service, of whatever nature, per-
formed... by an employee." Ibid.
II
A
To determine whether RRTA-qualifying "compensation"
includes an award of damages for lost wages, we begin
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

Opinion of the Court

with the statutory text.2 The RRTA defines "compensa-
tion" as "remuneration paid to an individual for services
rendered as an employee." 26 U. S. C. (1). This
definition, as just noted, is materially indistinguishable
from the FICA's definition of "wages" to include "remuner-
ation" for "any service, of whatever nature, performed...
by an employee.".
Given the textual similarity between the definitions of
"compensation" for railroad retirement purposes and
"wages" for Social Security purposes, our decisions on the
meaning of "wages" in Social Security Bd. v. Nierotko, (1946), and United States v. Quality Stores, Inc.,
(2014), inform our comprehension of the
RRTA term "compensation." In Nierotko, the National
Labor Relations Board found that an employee had been
"wrongfully discharged for union activity" and awarded
him backpay. 327 U. S., at 359. The Social Security
Board refused to credit the backpay award in calculating
the employee's benefits. Id., at 365 -- 366. In the Board's
view, "wages" covered only pay for active service. Ibid.
We disagreed. Emphasizing that the phrase "any service... performed" denotes "breadth of coverage," we held that
"wages" means remuneration for "the entire employer-
employee relationship"; in other words, "wages" embraced
pay for active service plus pay received for periods of
absence from active service. Id., at 366. Backpay, we

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Before turning to the language of the RRTA, the dissent endeavors

to unearth the reason why BNSF has pursued this case. The railroad's
"gambit," the dissent surmises, is to increase pressure on injured
workers to settle their claims. Post, at 3. Contrast with the dissent's
conjecture, BNSF's entirely plausible account of a railroad's stake in
this dispute. Because the RRA credits lost wages toward an employee's
benefits, see 45 U. S. C. (1), BNSF posits that immunizing those
payments from RRTA taxes would expose the system to "a long-term
risk of insolvency." Tr. of Oral Arg. 4; see Reply Brief for Petitioner 14.
6 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

reasoned, counts as "wages" because it compensates for
"the loss of wages which the employee suffered from the
employer's wrong." Id., at 364.
In Quality Stores, we again trained on the meaning of
"wages," reiterating that "Congress chose to define wages... broadly." 572 U. S., at 146. Guided by Nierotko, Quality Stores held that
severance payments qualified as "wages" taxable under
the FICA. "[C]ommon sense," we observed, "dictates that
employees receive th[ose] payments 'for employment.' "
572 U. S., at 146. Severance payments, the Court spelled
out, "are made to employees only," "are made in considera-
tion for employment," and are calculated "according to the
function and seniority of the [terminated] employee." Id.,
at 146 -- 147.
In line with Nierotko, Quality Stores, and the IRS's long
held construction, we hold that "compensation" under the
RRTA encompasses not simply pay for active service but,
in addition, pay for periods of absence from active ser-
vice -- provided that the remuneration in question stems
from the "employer-employee relationship." Nierotko, 327
U. S., at 366.
B
Damages awarded under the FELA for lost wages fit
comfortably within this definition. The FELA "makes
railroads liable in money damages to their employees for
on-the-job injuries." BNSF R. Co. v. Tyrrell, 581 U. S. ___,
___ (2017) ; see 45 U. S. C.. If a railroad
negligently fails to maintain a safe railyard and a worker
is injured as a result, the FELA requires the railroad to
compensate the injured worker for, inter alia, working
time lost due to the employer's wrongdoing. FELA dam-
ages for lost wages, then, are functionally equivalent to an
award of backpay, which compensates an employee "for a
period of time during which" the employee is "wrongfully
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

Opinion of the Court

separated from his job." Nierotko, 327 U. S., at 364. Just
as Nierotko held that backpay falls within the definition of
"wages," ibid., we conclude that FELA damages for lost
wages qualify as "compensation" and are therefore taxable
under the RRTA.
III
A
The Eighth Circuit construed "compensation" for RRTA
purposes to mean only pay for "services that an employee
actually renders," in other words, pay for active service.
Consequently, the court held that "compensation" within
the RRTA's compass did not reach pay for periods of ab-
sence. 865 F. 3d, at 1117. In so ruling, the Court of Ap-
peals attempted to distinguish Nierotko and Quality
Stores. The Social Security decisions, the court said, were
inapposite because the FICA "taxes payment for 'employ-
ment,' " whereas the RRTA "tax[es] payment for 'services.' "
865 F. 3d, at 1117. As noted, however, supra, at 3 -- 4, the
FICA defines "employment" in language resembling the
RRTA in all relevant respects. Compare 26 U. S. C.
(FICA) ("any service, of whatever nature, per-
formed... by an employee") with (1) (RRTA)
("services rendered as an employee"). Construing RRTA
"compensation" as less embracive than "wages" covered by
the FICA would introduce an unwarranted disparity
between terms Congress appeared to regard as equiva-
lents. The reasoning of Nierotko and Quality Stores, as we
see it, resists the Eighth Circuit's swift writeoff.3
Nierotko and Quality Stores apart, we would in any
event conclude that the RRTA term "compensation" covers
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The dissent's reduction of Nierotko's significance fares no better.
Nierotko, the dissent urges, is distinguishable because it involved "a
different factual context." Post, at 7. But as just explained, supra, at
6 -- 7, the facts in Nierotko resemble those here in all material respects.
8 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

pay for time lost. Restricting "compensation" to pay for
active service, the Court of Appeals relied on statutory
history and, in particular, the eventual deletion of two
references to pay for time lost contained in early rendi-
tions of the RRTA. See also post, at 6 -- 7 (presenting the
Eighth Circuit's statutory history argument). To under-
stand the Eighth Circuit's position, and why, in our judg-
ment, that position does not withstand scrutiny, some
context is in order.
On enactment of the RRTA in 1937, Congress made
"compensation" taxable at the time it was earned and
provided specific guidance on when pay for time lost
should be "deemed earned." Congress instructed: "The
term 'compensation' means any form of money remunera-
tion earned by an individual for services rendered as an
employee..., including remuneration paid for time lost
as an employee, but [such] remuneration... shall be
deemed earned in the month in which such time is lost."
1937 RRTA, 50 Stat. 436. In
1946, Congress clarified that the phrase "pa[y] for time
lost" meant payment for "an identifiable period of absence
from the active service of the employer, including absence
on account of personal injury." Act of July 31, 1946 (1946
Act), 60 Stat. 722.
Thus, originally, the RRTA stated that "compensation"
included pay for time lost, and the language added in 1946
presupposed the same. In subsequent amendments, how-
ever, Congress removed the references to pay for time lost.
First, in 1975, Congress made "compensation" taxable
when paid rather than when earned. Congress simultane-
ously removed the 1937 language that both referred to pay
for time lost and specified when such pay should be
"deemed earned." So amended, the definitional sentence,
in its current form, reads: "The term 'compensation' means
any form of money remuneration paid to an individual for
services rendered as an employee...." Act of Aug. 9,
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

Opinion of the Court

1975 (1975 Act), 89 Stat. 466.
Second, in 1983, Congress shifted the wage base for
RRTA taxes from monthly "compensation" to annual
"compensation." See Railroad Retirement Solvency Act of
1983 (1983 Act), 97 Stat. 424 -- 425. Because the
"monthly wage bases for railroad retirement taxes [were
being] changed to annual amounts," the House Report
explained, the RRTA required "[s]everal technical and
conforming amendments." H. R. Rep. No. 98 -- 30, pt. 2,
p. 29 (1983). In a section of the 1983 Act titled "Technical
Amendments," Congress struck the subsection containing,
among other provisions, the 1946 Act's clarification of pay
for time lost. 1983 Act, 97 Stat. 424 -- 425. In lieu of
the deleted subsection, Congress inserted detailed instruc-
tions concerning the new annual wage base.
As the Court of Appeals and the dissent see it, the 1975
and 1983 deletions show that "compensation" no longer
includes pay for time lost. 865 F. 3d, at 1119; see post, at
6 -- 7. We are not so sure. The 1975 Act left unaltered the
language at issue here, "remuneration... for services
rendered as an employee." That Act also left intact the
1946 Act's description of pay for time lost. Continuing
after the 1975 Act, then, such pay remained RRTA-taxable
"compensation." The 1983 Act, as billed by Congress,
effected only "[t]echnical [a]mendments" relating to the
change from monthly to annual computation of "compen-
sation." Concerning the 1975 and 1983 alterations, the
IRS concluded that Congress revealed no "inten[tion] to
exclude payments for time lost from compensation." 59
Fed. Reg. 66188 (1994). We credit the IRS reading. It
would be passing strange for Congress to restrict substan-
tially what counts as "compensation" in a manner so
oblique.
Moreover, the text of the RRTA continues to indicate
that "compensation" encompasses pay for time lost. The
RRTA excludes from "compensation" a limited subset of
10 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

payments for time lost, notably certain types of sick pay
and disability pay. See 26 U. S. C. (1), (4). These
enumerated exclusions would be entirely superfluous if, as
the Court of Appeals held, the RRTA broadly excludes
from "compensation" any and all pay received for time lost.
In justification of its confinement of RRTA-taxable
receipts to pay for active service, the Court of Appeals also
referred to the RRA. The RRA, like the RRTA as enacted
in 1937, states that "compensation" "includ[es] remunera-
tion paid for time lost as an employee" and specifies that
such pay "shall be deemed earned in the month in which
such time is lost." 45 U. S. C. (1). Pointing to the
discrepancy between the RRA and the amended RRTA,
which no longer contains the above-quoted language, the
Court of Appeals concluded that Congress intended the
RRA, but not the RRTA, to include pay for time lost.
Accord post, at 7. Although " '[w]e usually presume differ-
ences in language... convey differences in meaning,' "
Wisconsin Central, 585 U. S., at ___, Con-
gress' failure to reconcile the RRA and the amended RRTA
is inconsequential. As just explained, the RRTA's
pinpointed exclusions from RRTA taxation signal that
nonexcluded pay for time lost remains RRTA-taxable
"compensation."
B
Instead of adopting lockstep the Court of Appeals' inter-
pretation, Loos takes a different approach. In his view,
echoed by the dissent, "remuneration... for services
rendered" means the "package of benefits" an employer
pays "to retain the employee." Brief for Respondent 37;
post, at 3 -- 4. He therefore agrees with BNSF that benefits
like sick pay and vacation pay are taxable "compensation."
He contends, however, that FELA damages for lost wages
are of a different order. They are not part of an employee's
"package of benefits," he observes, and therefore should
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 11

Opinion of the Court

not count as "compensation." Such damages, Loos urges,
"compensate for an injury" rather than for services ren-
dered. Brief for Respondent 20; post, at 3 -- 4. Loos argues
in the alternative that even if voluntary settlements qualify
as "compensation," "involuntary payment[s]" in the form
of damages do not. Brief for Respondent 33.
Our decision in Nierotko undermines Loos's argument
that, unlike sick pay and vacation pay, payments "com-
pensat[ing] for an injury," Brief for Respondent 20, are not
taxable under the RRTA. We held in Nierotko that an
award of backpay compensating an employee for his
wrongful discharge ranked as "wages" under the SSA.
That was so, we explained, because the backpay there
awarded to the employee redressed "the loss of wages"
occasioned by "the employer's wrong." 327 U. S., at 364;
see supra, at 5. Applying that reasoning here, there
should be no dispositive difference between a payment
voluntarily made and one required by law.4
Nor does United States v. Cleveland Indians Baseball
Co., (2001), aid Loos's argument, repeated
by the dissent. See post, at 8. Indeed, Cleveland Indians
reasserted Nierotko's holding that "backpay for a time in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The dissent, building on Loos's argument, tenders an inapt analogy
between passengers and employees. If BNSF were ordered to pay
damages for lost wages to an injured passenger, the dissent asserts, one
would not say the passenger had been compensated "for services
rendered." There is no reason, the dissent concludes, to "reach a
different result here simply because the victim of BNSF's negligence
happened to be one of its own workers." Post, at 5. Under the RRTA,
however, this distinction is of course critical. The passenger's damages
for lost wages are not taxable under the RRTA, for she has no employ-
ment relationship with the railroad. In contrast, FELA damages for
lost wages are taxable because they are paid only if the injured person
previously "rendered [services] as an employee," 26 U. S. C. (1),
and, indeed, was working for the railroad when the injury occurred, see
45 U. S. C..
12 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

which the employee was not on the job" counts as pay for
services, and therefore ranks as wages. 532 U. S., at 210.
Cleveland Indians then took up a discrete, "secondary
issue" Nierotko presented, one not in contention here, i.e.,
whether for taxation purposes backpay is allocable to the
tax period when paid rather than an earlier time-earned
period. 532 U. S., at 211, 213 -- 214, 219 -- 220. Moreover,
Quality Stores, which postdated Cleveland Indians, left no
doubt that what qualifies under Nierotko as "wages" for
benefit purposes also qualifies as such for taxation pur-
poses. 572 U. S., at 146 -- 147.
C
Loos presses a final reason why he should not owe
RRTA taxes on his lost wages award. Loos argues, and
the District Court held, that the RRTA's tax on employees
does not apply to personal injury damages. He observes
that the RRTA taxes "the income of each employee." 26
U. S. C. -- (b). He then cites a
provision of the Internal Revenue Code, 26 U. S. C.
(2). This provision exempts "damages... received... on account of personal physical injuries" from federal
income taxation by excluding such damages from "gross
income." Loos urges that the exclusion of personal
injury damages from "gross income" should carry over
to the RRTA's tax on the "income" of railroad workers,
-- (b).
The argument is unconvincing. As the Government
points out, the District Court, echoed by Loos, conflated
"the distinct concepts of 'gross income,' [a prime compo-
nent of] the tax base on which income tax is collected, and
'compensation,' the separately defined category of pay-
ments that are taxable under the RRTA." Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 15. Blending tax bases that
Congress kept discrete, the District Court and Loos proffer
a scheme in which employees pay no tax on damages
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 13

Opinion of the Court

compensating for personal injuries; railroads pay the full
excise tax on such compensation; and employees receive
full credit for the compensation in determining their re-
tirement benefits. That scheme, however, is not plausibly
attributable to Congress.
For federal income tax purposes, "gross income" means
"all income" "[e]xcept as otherwise provided." 26 U. S. C.
; see, 63 (imposing a tax on "taxable income," de-
fined as "gross income minus... deductions"). Congress
provided detailed prescriptions on the scope of "gross
income," excluding from its reach numerous items, among
them, personal injury damages. See -- 140. Conspic-
uously absent from the RRTA, however, is any reference to
"gross income." As employed in the RRTA, the word "in-
come" merely distinguishes the tax on the employee, an
"income... tax,", from the matching tax on the
railroad, called an "excise tax.", 3221. See also
1937 RRTA, -- 3 (establishing an "income tax on em-
ployees" and an "excise tax on employers"); S. Rep. No.
818, 75th Cong., 1st Sess., 5 (1937) (stating that the RRTA
imposes an "income tax on employees" and an "excise tax
on employers"); H. R. Rep. No. 1071, 75th Cong., 1st Sess.,
6 (1937) (same).
Congress, we reiterate, specified not "gross income" but
employee "compensation" as the tax base for the RRTA's
income and excise taxes., 3221. Congress then
excepted certain payments from the calculation of "com-
pensation." See ; supra, at 9. Congress adopted
by cross-reference particular Internal Revenue Code ex-
clusions from "gross income," thereby carving out those
specified items from RRTA coverage. See (5) -- (6),
(9) -- (11). Tellingly, Congress did not adopt for RRTA
purposes the exclusion of personal injury damages from
federal income taxation set out in (2). We note,
furthermore, that if RRTA taxes were based on "income"
or "gross income" rather than "compensation," the RRTA
14 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

tax base would sweep in nonrailroad income, including,
for example, dividends, interest accruals, even lottery
winnings. Shifting from "compensation" to "income" as the
RRTA tax base would thus saddle railroad workers with
more RRTA taxes.
Given the multiple flaws in Loos's last ditch argument,
we conclude that (2) does not exempt FELA dam-
ages from the RRTA's income and excise taxes.
* * *
In harmony with this Court's decisions in Nierotko and
Quality Stores, we hold that "compensation" for RRTA
purposes includes an employer's payments to an employee
for active service and for periods of absence from active
service. It is immaterial whether the employer chooses to
make the payment or is legally required to do so. Either
way, the payment is remitted to the recipient because of
his status as a service-rendering employee. See 26
U. S. C. (1); 45 U. S. C. (1).
For the reasons stated, FELA damages for lost wages
qualify as RRTA-taxable "compensation." The judgment of
the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is accordingly
reversed, and the case is remanded for proceedings con-
sistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 1042
_________________

BNSF RAILWAY COMPANY, PETITIONER v.
MICHAEL D. LOOS
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT
[March 4, 2019]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins,
dissenting.
BNSF Railway's negligence caused one of its employees
a serious injury. After a trial, a court ordered the
company to pay damages. But instead of sending the full
amount to the employee, BNSF asserted that it had to
divert a portion to the Internal Revenue Service. Why?
BNSF said the money represented taxable "compensation"
for "services rendered as an employee." 26 U. S. C.
(1). Today, the Court agrees with the company.
Respectfully, I do not. When an employee suffers a
physical injury due to his employer's negligence and has to
sue in court to recover damages, it seems more natural to
me to describe the final judgment as compensation for his
injury than for services (never) rendered.
The Court does not lay out the facts of the case, but they
are relevant to my analysis and straightforward enough.
Years ago, Michael Loos was working for BNSF in a train
yard when he fell into a hidden drainage grate and injured
his knee. He missed work for many months, and upon his
return he had a series of absences, many of which he
attributed to knee-injury flareups. When the company
moved to fire him for allegedly violating its attendance
policies, Mr. Loos sued. Among other things, Mr. Loos
sought damages for BNSF's negligence in maintaining the
2 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

train yard. He brought his claim under the Federal
Employers' Liability Act (FELA), an analogue to
traditional state-law tort suits that makes an interstate
railroad "liable in damages to any person suffering injury
while he is employed" by the railroad "for such injury...
resulting in whole or in part from the [railroad's]
negligence." 45 U. S. C.. Ultimately, and again much
like in any other tort suit, the jury awarded damages in
three categories: $85,000 in pain and suffering, $11,212.78
in medical expenses, and $30,000 in lost wages -- the final
category representing the amount Mr. Loos was unable to
earn because of the injury BNSF's negligence caused.
Then a strange thing happened. BNSF argued that the
lost wages portion of Mr. Loos's judgment represented
"compensation" to him "for services rendered as an
employee" and was thus taxable income under the
Railroad Retirement Tax Act (RRTA). 26 U. S. C. 
et seq. In much the same way the Social Security Act
taxes other citizens' incomes to fund their retirement
benefits, the RRTA taxes railroad employees' earnings to
pay for their public pensions. And BNSF took the view
that, because Mr. Loos owed the IRS taxes on the lost
wages portion of his judgment, it had to withhold an
appropriate sum and redirect it to the government. The
company took this position even though it meant BNSF
would owe corresponding excise taxes. See 26 U. S. C.. It took this position, too, even though no one has
identified for us a single case where the IRS has sought to
collect RRTA taxes on a FELA judgment in the 80 years
the two statutes have coexisted. The company even
persisted in its view after, first, the district court and,
then, the Eighth Circuit ruled that Mr. Loos's award
wasn't subject to RRTA taxes. Even after all that, BNSF
went to the trouble of seeking review in this Court to win
the right to pay the IRS.
What's the reason for BNSF's tireless campaign? Is the
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

company really moved by a selfless desire to protect a
federal program from "a long-term risk of insolvency"?
See ante, at 5,. Several amici offer a more prosaic
possibility. Under the rule BNSF seeks and wins today,
RRTA taxes will be due on (but only on) the portion of a
FELA settlement or judgment designated as lost wages.
Taxes will not attach to other amounts attributed to, say,
pain and suffering or medical costs. At trial, of course, a
plaintiff 's damages are what they are, and often juries
will attribute a significant portion of damages to lost
wages. But with the help of the asymmetric tax treatment
they secure today, railroads like BSNF can now sweeten
their settlement offers while offering less money. Forgo
trial and accept a lower settlement, they will tell injured
workers, and in return we will designate a small fraction
(maybe even none) of the payments as taxable lost wages.
In this way, the Court's decision today may do precisely
nothing to increase the government's tax collections or
protect the solvency of any federal program. Instead, it
may only mean that employees will pay a tax for going to
trial -- and railroads will succeed in buying cheaper
settlements in the future at the bargain basement price of
a few thousand dollars in excise taxes in one case today.
See Brief for American Association for Justice as Amicus
Curiae 34 -- 36; Brief for SMART et al. as Amici Curiae 5 -- 7.
Whatever the reason for BNSF's gambit, the problems
with it start for me at the first step of the statutory
interpretation analysis -- with the text of the law itself.
The RRTA taxes an employee's "compensation," which it
defines as "money remuneration... for services rendered
as an employee to one or more employers." 26 U. S. C.
(1). A "service" refers to "duty or labor... by one
person... bound to submit his will to the direction and
control of [another]." Black's Law Dictionary 1607 (3d ed.
1933). And "remuneration" means "a quid pro quo," "rec-
ompense" or "reward" for such services. Id., at 1528. So
4 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the words "remuneration for services rendered" naturally
cover things like an employee's salary or hourly wage.
Nor do they stop there, as the Court correctly notes.
Rather, and contrary to the court of appeals' view, those
words also fairly encompass benefits like sick or disability
pay. After all, an employer offers those benefits to attract
and keep employees working on its behalf. In that way,
these benefits form part of the "quid pro quo" (compensa-
tion) the employer pays to secure the "duty or labor" (ser-
vices) the employee renders. Cf. United States v. Quality
Stores, Inc., (2014).
But damages for negligence are different. No one would
describe a dangerous fall or the wrenching of a knee as a
"service rendered" to the party who negligently caused the
accident. BNSF hardly directed Mr. Loos to fall or offered
to pay him for doing so. In fact, BNSF didn't even pay Mr.
Loos voluntarily; he had to wrest a judgment from the
railroad at the end of a legal battle. So Mr. Loos's FELA
judgment seems to me, as it did to every judge in the
proceedings below, unconnected to any service Mr. Loos
rendered to BNSF. Instead of being "compensation" for
"services rendered as an employee," it seems more natural
to say that the negligence damages BNSF paid are "com-
pensation" to Mr. Loos for his injury. That's exactly how
we usually understand tort damages -- as "compensation"
for an "injury" caused by "the unlawful act or omission or
negligence of another." Black's Law Dictionary 314 (2d ed.
1910). And that's exactly how FELA describes the damages
it provides -- stating that it renders a railroad "liable"
not for services rendered but for any "injury" caused by
the defendant's "negligence." 45 U. S. C. ; see also New
York Central R. Co. v. Winfield, (1917)
(Brandeis, J., dissenting) (FELA liability is "a penalty for
wrong doing," a "remedy" that "mak[es] the wrongdoer
indemnify him whom he has wronged").
Of course, BNSF isn't without a reply. Time and again
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

it highlights the fact that the district court measured the
lost wages portion of Mr. Loos's award by reference to
what he could have earned but for his injury. But if
BNSF's negligence had injured a passenger on a train
instead of an employee in a train yard, a jury could have
measured the passenger's tort damages in exactly the
same way, taking account of the wages she could have
earned from her own employer but for the railroad's negli-
gence. Vicksburg & Meridian R. Co. v. Putnam, (1886). In those circumstances, I doubt any of us
would say the passenger's damages award represented
compensation for "services rendered" to her employer
rather than compensation for her injury. And I don't see
why we would reach a different result here simply because
the victim of BNSF's negligence happened to be one of its
own workers. Of course, as the Court points out, ante, at
11, FELA suits may be brought only by railroad
employees against their employers. But in cases like ours
a FELA suit simply serves in the interstate railroad in-
dustry as a federalized substitute for a traditional state
negligence tort claim of the sort that could be brought by
anyone the railroad injured, employee or not. Inescapably,
"the basis of liability under [FELA] is and remains negli-
gence." Wilkerson v. McCarthy, (1949)
(Douglas, J., concurring).
Looking beyond the statute's text to its history only
compounds BNSF's problems. To be clear, the statutory
history I have in mind here isn't the sort of unenacted
legislative history that often is neither truly legislative
(having failed to survive bicameralism and presentment)
nor truly historical (consisting of advocacy aimed at win-
ning in future litigation what couldn't be won in past
statutes). Instead, I mean here the record of enacted
changes Congress made to the relevant statutory text over
time, the sort of textual evidence everyone agrees can
sometimes shed light on meaning. See United States v.
6 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Wong Kim Ark, -- 654 (1898).
The RRTA's statutory history is long and instructive.
Beginning in 1937, the statute defined taxable "compensa-
tion" to include remuneration "for services rendered," but
with the further instruction that this included compensa-
tion "for time lost." Carriers Taxing Act of 1937, 50
Stat. 436. Courts applying the RRTA's sister statute, the
Railroad Retirement Act (RRA), understood this language
to capture settlement payments for personal injury claims
that would not otherwise qualify as "remuneration... for
services rendered." See, e.g., Jacques v. Railroad Retire-
ment Bd., 736 F. 2d 34, 39 -- 40 (CA2 1984); Grant v. Rail-
road Retirement Bd., 173 F. 2d 385, 386 -- 387 (CA10 1949).
Congress itself seemed to agree, explaining in 1946 that
remuneration for "time lost" includes payments made
"with respect to an... absence on account of personal
injury.", 60 Stat. 725. But then Congress reversed
field. In 1975, it removed payments "for time lost" from
the RRTA's definition of "compensation.", 89 Stat.
466. And in 1983, Congress overwrote the last remaining
reference to payments "for time lost" in a nearby section., 97 Stat. 424 -- 426. To my mind, Congress's decision
to remove the only language that could have fairly cap-
tured the damages here cannot be easily ignored.
Yet BNSF would have us do exactly that. On its ac-
count, the RRTA's discussions about compensation for
time lost and personal injuries only ever served to illus-
trate what has qualified all along as remuneration for
"services rendered." So, on its view, when Congress first
added and then removed language about time lost and
personal injuries, it quite literally wasted its time because
none of its additions and subtractions altered the statute's
meaning. Put another way, BNSF asks us to read back
into the law words (time lost, personal injury) that Con-
gress deliberately removed on the assumption they were
never really needed in the first place. As I see it, that is
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

less " 'a construction of a statute [than] an enlargement of
it by the court, so that what was omitted, [BNSF] pre-
sum[es] by inadvertence, may be included within its scope.
To supply omissions [like that] transcends the judicial
function.' " West Virginia Univ. Hospitals, Inc. v. Casey,
(1991) (Brandeis, J.)).
Looking beyond the text and history of this statute to
compare it with others confirms the conclusion. Where
the RRTA directs the taxation of railroad employee income
to fund retirement benefits, the RRA controls the calcula-
tion of those benefits. And, unlike the RRTA, that statute
continues to include "pay for time lost" in the definition of
"compensation" it uses to calculate benefits. 45 U. S. C.
(1). Normally, when Congress chooses to exclude
terms in one statute while introducing or retaining them
in another closely related law, we give effect to rather
than pass a blind eye over the difference. Nor is there any
question that Congress knows exactly how to tax a favor-
able tort judgment when it wants. See, e.g., 26 U. S. C.
(2) (punitive damages are not deductible). Its
failure to offer any comparably clear command here
should, once more, tell us something.
With so much in the statute's text, history, and sur-
roundings now pointing for Mr. Loos, BNSF is left to lean
heavily on case law. The company says we must rule its
way primarily because of Social Security Bd. v. Nierotko,
(1946). But I do not see anything in that
case dictating a victory for BNSF. Nierotko concerned a
different statute, a different legal claim, and a different
factual context. There, the plaintiff brought a wrongful
termination claim before the National Labor Relations
Board, claiming that his employer fired him in retaliation
for union activity. The NLRB ordered the employee rein-
stated to his former job and paid as if he had never left.
Under those circumstances, this Court held that for pur-
8 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

poses of calculating the plaintiff 's Social Security Act
benefits, his "wages" should include his backpay award,
allocated to the period when he would have been working
but for the employer's misconduct. Since then, however,
the Court has suggested that at least one of Nierotko's
holdings was likely motivated more by a policy concern
with protecting the employee's full retirement to Social
Security benefits than by a careful reading of the Social
Security Act. See United States v. Cleveland Indians
Baseball Co., -- 213 (2001); id., at 220 -- 
221 (Scalia, J., concurring in judgment). Besides, in this
case we're simply not faced with a wrongful termination
claim, an award of backpay, or the interpretation of the
Social Security Act -- let alone reason to worry that ruling
for Mr. Loos would inequitably shortchange an employee.
So whatever light Nierotko might continue to shed on the
question it faced, and whatever superficial similarities one
might point to here, that decision simply doesn't dictate an
answer to the question whether a tort victim's damages for
a physical injury qualify as "compensation for services
rendered" under the RRTA.
By this point BNSF is left with only one argument,
which it treats as no more than a last resort: Chevron
deference. In the past, the briefs and oral argument in
this case likely would have centered on whether we should
defer to the IRS's administrative interpretation of the
RRTA. After all, the IRS (at least today) agrees with
BNSF's interpretation that "compensation... for services
rendered" includes damages for personal injuries. And the
Chevron doctrine, if it retains any force, would seem to
allow BNSF to parlay any statutory ambiguity into a
colorable argument for judicial deference to the IRS's view,
regardless of the Court's best independent understanding
of the law. See Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Natural Resources
Defense Council, Inc., (1984). Of course, any
Chevron analysis here would be complicated by the gov-
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

ernment's change of heart. For if Nierotko is as relevant
as BNSF contends, then it must also be relevant that,
back when Nierotko was decided, the IRS took the view
that the term "wages" in the Social Security Act did not
include backpay awards for wrongful termination. See
327 U. S., at 366 -- 367. And if "wages" don't include back-
pay awards for wrongful terminations, it's hard to see how
"compensation... for services rendered" might include
damages for an act of negligence. Still, even with the
complications that follow from executive agencies' pench-
ant for changing their views about the law's meaning
almost as often as they change administrations, a plea for
deference surely would have enjoyed pride of place in
BNSF's submission not long ago.
But nothing like that happened here. BNSF devoted
scarcely any of its briefing to Chevron. At oral argument,
BNSF's lawyer didn't even mention the case until the final
seconds -- and even then "hate[d] to cite" it. Tr. of Oral
Arg. 58. No doubt, BNSF proceeded this way well aware
of the mounting criticism of Chevron deference. See, e.g.,
Pereira v. Sessions, 585 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2018) (Kenne-
dy, J., concurring). And no doubt, too, this is all to the
good. Instead of throwing up our hands and letting an
interested party -- the federal government's executive
branch, no less -- dictate an inferior interpretation of the
law that may be more the product of politics than a scru-
pulous reading of the statute, the Court today buckles
down to its job of saying what the law is in light of its text,
its context, and our precedent. Though I may disagree
with the result the Court reaches, my colleagues rightly
afford the parties before us an independent judicial inter-
pretation of the law. They deserve no less.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
Respondent Michael Loos was injured while working at
petitioner BNSF Railway Company's railyard. Loos sued
BNSF under the Federal Employers' Liability Act (FELA),
35 Stat. 65, as amended, 45 U. S. C. et seq., and gained
a $126,212.78 jury verdict. Of that amount the jury as-
cribed $30,000 to wages lost during the time Loos was
unable to work. BNSF moved for an offset against the
judgment. The lost wages awarded Loos, BNSF asserted,
constituted "compensation" taxable under the Railroad
Retirement Tax Act (RRTA), 26 U. S. C. et seq.
Therefore, BNSF urged, the railway was required to with-
hold a portion of the $30,000 attributable to lost wages to
cover Loos's share of RRTA taxes, which came to $3,765.
The District Court and the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit rejected the requested offset, holding that an
award of damages compensating an injured railroad worker
for lost wages is not taxable under the RRTA.
The question presented: Is a railroad's payment to an
employee for working time lost due to an on-the-job injury
taxable "compensation" under the RRTA, 26 U. S. C.
2 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

(1)? We granted review to resolve a division of
opinion on the answer to that question. 584 U. S. ___
(2018). Compare Hance v. Norfolk S. R. Co., 571 F. 3d
511, 523 (CA6 2009) ("compensation" includes pay for time
lost); Phillips v. Chicago Central & Pacific R. Co., 853
N. W. 2d 636, 650 -- 651 (Iowa 2014) (agency reasonably
interpreted "compensation" as including pay for time lost);
Heckman v. Burlington N. Santa Fe R. Co., 286 Neb. 453,
463, 837 N. W. 2d 532, 540 (2013) ("compensation" in-
cludes pay for time lost), with 865 F. 3d 1106, 1117 -- 1118
(CA8 2017) (case below) ("compensation" does not include
pay for time lost); Mickey v. BNSF R. Co., 437 S. W. 3d
207, 218 (Mo. 2014) ("compensation" does not include
FELA damages for lost wages). We now hold that an
award compensating for lost wages is subject to taxation
under the RRTA.
I
In 1937, Congress created a self-sustaining retirement
benefits system for railroad workers. The system provides
generous pensions as well as benefits "correspon[ding]...
to those an employee would expect to receive were he
covered by the Social Security Act." Hisquierdo v. His-
quierdo, (1979).
Two statutes operate in concert to ensure that retired
railroad workers receive their allotted pensions and bene-
fits. The first, the RRTA, funds the program by imposing
a payroll tax on both railroads and their employees. The
RRTA refers to the railroad's contribution as an "excise"
tax, 26 U. S. C., and describes the employee's share
as an "income" tax,. Congress assigned to the In-
ternal Revenue Service (IRS) responsibility for collecting
both taxes., 7801.1 The second statute, the Rail-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The railroad remits both taxes to the IRS. As to the income tax, the
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

Opinion of the Court

road Retirement Act (RRA), 50 Stat. 307, as restated and
amended, 45 U. S. C. et seq., entitles railroad work-
ers to various benefits and prescribes eligibility require-
ments. The RRA is administered by the Railroad Retire-
ment Board. See.
Taxes under the RRTA and benefits under the RRA are
measured by the employee's "compensation." 26 U. S. C., 3221; 45 U. S. C.. The RRTA and RRA
separately define "compensation," but both statutes state
that the term means "any form of money remuneration
paid to an individual for services rendered as an employee."
26 U. S. C. (1); 45 U. S. C. (1). This
language has remained basically unchanged since the
RRTA's enactment in 1937. See Carriers Taxing Act of
1937 (1937 RRTA), 50 Stat. 436 (defining "compen-
sation" as "any form of money remuneration earned by an
individual for services rendered as an employee"). The
RRTA excludes from "compensation" certain types of sick
pay and disability pay. See 26 U. S. C. (1), (4)(A).
The IRS's reading of the word "compensation" as it
appears in the RRTA has remained constant. One year
after the RRTA's adoption, the IRS stated that "compensa-
tion" is not limited to pay for active service but reaches, as
well, pay for periods of absence. See 26 CFR.5
(1938). This understanding has governed for more than
eight decades. As restated in the current IRS regulations,
"[t]he term compensation is not confined to amounts paid
for active service, but includes amounts paid for an identi-
fiable period during which the employee is absent from the
active service of the employer.".3231(e) -- 1(a)(3) (2017).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
railroad deducts the amount owed by the employee from her earnings
and then forwards that amount to the IRS. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 22 -- 23.
See also 26 U. S. C. (1) (employers must "deduct and withhold"
income taxes from earnings).
4 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

In 1994, the IRS added, specifically, that "compensation"
includes "pay for time lost.".3231(e) -- 1(a)(4); see 59
Fed. Reg. 66188 (1994).
Congress created both the railroad retirement system
and the Social Security system during the Great Depres-
sion primarily to ensure the financial security of members
of the workforce when they reach old age. See Wisconsin
Central Ltd. v. United States, 585 U. S. ___, ___ (2018)
; Helvering v. Davis, 
(1937). Given the similarities in timing and purpose of the
two programs, it is hardly surprising that their statutory
foundations mirror each other. Regarding Social Security,
the Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA), 26
U. S. C. et seq., taxes employers and employees to
fund benefits, which are distributed pursuant to the Social
Security Act (SSA), 49 Stat. 620, as amended, 42 U. S. C.
et seq. Tax and benefit amounts are determined by
the worker's "wages," the Social Security equivalent to
"compensation." See Davis, 301 U. S., at 635 -- 636. Both
the FICA and the SSA define "wages" employing language
resembling the RRTA and the RRA definitions of "compen-
sation." "Wages" under the FICA and the SSA mean "all
remuneration for employment," and "employment," in
turn, means "any service, of whatever nature, performed... by an employee." 26 U. S. C. -- (b) (FICA); see
42 U. S. C., 410(a) (SSA). Reading these pre-
scriptions together, the term "wages" encompasses "all
remuneration" for "any service, of whatever nature, per-
formed... by an employee." Ibid.
II
A
To determine whether RRTA-qualifying "compensation"
includes an award of damages for lost wages, we begin
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

Opinion of the Court

with the statutory text.2 The RRTA defines "compensa-
tion" as "remuneration paid to an individual for services
rendered as an employee." 26 U. S. C. (1). This
definition, as just noted, is materially indistinguishable
from the FICA's definition of "wages" to include "remuner-
ation" for "any service, of whatever nature, performed...
by an employee.".
Given the textual similarity between the definitions of
"compensation" for railroad retirement purposes and
"wages" for Social Security purposes, our decisions on the
meaning of "wages" in Social Security Bd. v. Nierotko, (1946), and United States v. Quality Stores, Inc.,
(2014), inform our comprehension of the
RRTA term "compensation." In Nierotko, the National
Labor Relations Board found that an employee had been
"wrongfully discharged for union activity" and awarded
him backpay. 327 U. S., at 359. The Social Security
Board refused to credit the backpay award in calculating
the employee's benefits. Id., at 365 -- 366. In the Board's
view, "wages" covered only pay for active service. Ibid.
We disagreed. Emphasizing that the phrase "any service... performed" denotes "breadth of coverage," we held that
"wages" means remuneration for "the entire employer-
employee relationship"; in other words, "wages" embraced
pay for active service plus pay received for periods of
absence from active service. Id., at 366. Backpay, we

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Before turning to the language of the RRTA, the dissent endeavors

to unearth the reason why BNSF has pursued this case. The railroad's
"gambit," the dissent surmises, is to increase pressure on injured
workers to settle their claims. Post, at 3. Contrast with the dissent's
conjecture, BNSF's entirely plausible account of a railroad's stake in
this dispute. Because the RRA credits lost wages toward an employee's
benefits, see 45 U. S. C. (1), BNSF posits that immunizing those
payments from RRTA taxes would expose the system to "a long-term
risk of insolvency." Tr. of Oral Arg. 4; see Reply Brief for Petitioner 14.
6 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

reasoned, counts as "wages" because it compensates for
"the loss of wages which the employee suffered from the
employer's wrong." Id., at 364.
In Quality Stores, we again trained on the meaning of
"wages," reiterating that "Congress chose to define wages... broadly." 572 U. S., at 146. Guided by Nierotko, Quality Stores held that
severance payments qualified as "wages" taxable under
the FICA. "[C]ommon sense," we observed, "dictates that
employees receive th[ose] payments 'for employment.' "
572 U. S., at 146. Severance payments, the Court spelled
out, "are made to employees only," "are made in considera-
tion for employment," and are calculated "according to the
function and seniority of the [terminated] employee." Id.,
at 146 -- 147.
In line with Nierotko, Quality Stores, and the IRS's long
held construction, we hold that "compensation" under the
RRTA encompasses not simply pay for active service but,
in addition, pay for periods of absence from active ser-
vice -- provided that the remuneration in question stems
from the "employer-employee relationship." Nierotko, 327
U. S., at 366.
B
Damages awarded under the FELA for lost wages fit
comfortably within this definition. The FELA "makes
railroads liable in money damages to their employees for
on-the-job injuries." BNSF R. Co. v. Tyrrell, 581 U. S. ___,
___ (2017) ; see 45 U. S. C.. If a railroad
negligently fails to maintain a safe railyard and a worker
is injured as a result, the FELA requires the railroad to
compensate the injured worker for, inter alia, working
time lost due to the employer's wrongdoing. FELA dam-
ages for lost wages, then, are functionally equivalent to an
award of backpay, which compensates an employee "for a
period of time during which" the employee is "wrongfully
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

Opinion of the Court

separated from his job." Nierotko, 327 U. S., at 364. Just
as Nierotko held that backpay falls within the definition of
"wages," ibid., we conclude that FELA damages for lost
wages qualify as "compensation" and are therefore taxable
under the RRTA.
III
A
The Eighth Circuit construed "compensation" for RRTA
purposes to mean only pay for "services that an employee
actually renders," in other words, pay for active service.
Consequently, the court held that "compensation" within
the RRTA's compass did not reach pay for periods of ab-
sence. 865 F. 3d, at 1117. In so ruling, the Court of Ap-
peals attempted to distinguish Nierotko and Quality
Stores. The Social Security decisions, the court said, were
inapposite because the FICA "taxes payment for 'employ-
ment,' " whereas the RRTA "tax[es] payment for 'services.' "
865 F. 3d, at 1117. As noted, however, supra, at 3 -- 4, the
FICA defines "employment" in language resembling the
RRTA in all relevant respects. Compare 26 U. S. C.
(FICA) ("any service, of whatever nature, per-
formed... by an employee") with (1) (RRTA)
("services rendered as an employee"). Construing RRTA
"compensation" as less embracive than "wages" covered by
the FICA would introduce an unwarranted disparity
between terms Congress appeared to regard as equiva-
lents. The reasoning of Nierotko and Quality Stores, as we
see it, resists the Eighth Circuit's swift writeoff.3
Nierotko and Quality Stores apart, we would in any
event conclude that the RRTA term "compensation" covers
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The dissent's reduction of Nierotko's significance fares no better.
Nierotko, the dissent urges, is distinguishable because it involved "a
different factual context." Post, at 7. But as just explained, supra, at
6 -- 7, the facts in Nierotko resemble those here in all material respects.
8 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

pay for time lost. Restricting "compensation" to pay for
active service, the Court of Appeals relied on statutory
history and, in particular, the eventual deletion of two
references to pay for time lost contained in early rendi-
tions of the RRTA. See also post, at 6 -- 7 (presenting the
Eighth Circuit's statutory history argument). To under-
stand the Eighth Circuit's position, and why, in our judg-
ment, that position does not withstand scrutiny, some
context is in order.
On enactment of the RRTA in 1937, Congress made
"compensation" taxable at the time it was earned and
provided specific guidance on when pay for time lost
should be "deemed earned." Congress instructed: "The
term 'compensation' means any form of money remunera-
tion earned by an individual for services rendered as an
employee..., including remuneration paid for time lost
as an employee, but [such] remuneration... shall be
deemed earned in the month in which such time is lost."
1937 RRTA, 50 Stat. 436. In
1946, Congress clarified that the phrase "pa[y] for time
lost" meant payment for "an identifiable period of absence
from the active service of the employer, including absence
on account of personal injury." Act of July 31, 1946 (1946
Act), 60 Stat. 722.
Thus, originally, the RRTA stated that "compensation"
included pay for time lost, and the language added in 1946
presupposed the same. In subsequent amendments, how-
ever, Congress removed the references to pay for time lost.
First, in 1975, Congress made "compensation" taxable
when paid rather than when earned. Congress simultane-
ously removed the 1937 language that both referred to pay
for time lost and specified when such pay should be
"deemed earned." So amended, the definitional sentence,
in its current form, reads: "The term 'compensation' means
any form of money remuneration paid to an individual for
services rendered as an employee...." Act of Aug. 9,
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

Opinion of the Court

1975 (1975 Act), 89 Stat. 466.
Second, in 1983, Congress shifted the wage base for
RRTA taxes from monthly "compensation" to annual
"compensation." See Railroad Retirement Solvency Act of
1983 (1983 Act), 97 Stat. 424 -- 425. Because the
"monthly wage bases for railroad retirement taxes [were
being] changed to annual amounts," the House Report
explained, the RRTA required "[s]everal technical and
conforming amendments." H. R. Rep. No. 98 -- 30, pt. 2,
p. 29 (1983). In a section of the 1983 Act titled "Technical
Amendments," Congress struck the subsection containing,
among other provisions, the 1946 Act's clarification of pay
for time lost. 1983 Act, 97 Stat. 424 -- 425. In lieu of
the deleted subsection, Congress inserted detailed instruc-
tions concerning the new annual wage base.
As the Court of Appeals and the dissent see it, the 1975
and 1983 deletions show that "compensation" no longer
includes pay for time lost. 865 F. 3d, at 1119; see post, at
6 -- 7. We are not so sure. The 1975 Act left unaltered the
language at issue here, "remuneration... for services
rendered as an employee." That Act also left intact the
1946 Act's description of pay for time lost. Continuing
after the 1975 Act, then, such pay remained RRTA-taxable
"compensation." The 1983 Act, as billed by Congress,
effected only "[t]echnical [a]mendments" relating to the
change from monthly to annual computation of "compen-
sation." Concerning the 1975 and 1983 alterations, the
IRS concluded that Congress revealed no "inten[tion] to
exclude payments for time lost from compensation." 59
Fed. Reg. 66188 (1994). We credit the IRS reading. It
would be passing strange for Congress to restrict substan-
tially what counts as "compensation" in a manner so
oblique.
Moreover, the text of the RRTA continues to indicate
that "compensation" encompasses pay for time lost. The
RRTA excludes from "compensation" a limited subset of
10 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

payments for time lost, notably certain types of sick pay
and disability pay. See 26 U. S. C. (1), (4). These
enumerated exclusions would be entirely superfluous if, as
the Court of Appeals held, the RRTA broadly excludes
from "compensation" any and all pay received for time lost.
In justification of its confinement of RRTA-taxable
receipts to pay for active service, the Court of Appeals also
referred to the RRA. The RRA, like the RRTA as enacted
in 1937, states that "compensation" "includ[es] remunera-
tion paid for time lost as an employee" and specifies that
such pay "shall be deemed earned in the month in which
such time is lost." 45 U. S. C. (1). Pointing to the
discrepancy between the RRA and the amended RRTA,
which no longer contains the above-quoted language, the
Court of Appeals concluded that Congress intended the
RRA, but not the RRTA, to include pay for time lost.
Accord post, at 7. Although " '[w]e usually presume differ-
ences in language... convey differences in meaning,' "
Wisconsin Central, 585 U. S., at ___, Con-
gress' failure to reconcile the RRA and the amended RRTA
is inconsequential. As just explained, the RRTA's
pinpointed exclusions from RRTA taxation signal that
nonexcluded pay for time lost remains RRTA-taxable
"compensation."
B
Instead of adopting lockstep the Court of Appeals' inter-
pretation, Loos takes a different approach. In his view,
echoed by the dissent, "remuneration... for services
rendered" means the "package of benefits" an employer
pays "to retain the employee." Brief for Respondent 37;
post, at 3 -- 4. He therefore agrees with BNSF that benefits
like sick pay and vacation pay are taxable "compensation."
He contends, however, that FELA damages for lost wages
are of a different order. They are not part of an employee's
"package of benefits," he observes, and therefore should
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 11

Opinion of the Court

not count as "compensation." Such damages, Loos urges,
"compensate for an injury" rather than for services ren-
dered. Brief for Respondent 20; post, at 3 -- 4. Loos argues
in the alternative that even if voluntary settlements qualify
as "compensation," "involuntary payment[s]" in the form
of damages do not. Brief for Respondent 33.
Our decision in Nierotko undermines Loos's argument
that, unlike sick pay and vacation pay, payments "com-
pensat[ing] for an injury," Brief for Respondent 20, are not
taxable under the RRTA. We held in Nierotko that an
award of backpay compensating an employee for his
wrongful discharge ranked as "wages" under the SSA.
That was so, we explained, because the backpay there
awarded to the employee redressed "the loss of wages"
occasioned by "the employer's wrong." 327 U. S., at 364;
see supra, at 5. Applying that reasoning here, there
should be no dispositive difference between a payment
voluntarily made and one required by law.4
Nor does United States v. Cleveland Indians Baseball
Co., (2001), aid Loos's argument, repeated
by the dissent. See post, at 8. Indeed, Cleveland Indians
reasserted Nierotko's holding that "backpay for a time in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The dissent, building on Loos's argument, tenders an inapt analogy
between passengers and employees. If BNSF were ordered to pay
damages for lost wages to an injured passenger, the dissent asserts, one
would not say the passenger had been compensated "for services
rendered." There is no reason, the dissent concludes, to "reach a
different result here simply because the victim of BNSF's negligence
happened to be one of its own workers." Post, at 5. Under the RRTA,
however, this distinction is of course critical. The passenger's damages
for lost wages are not taxable under the RRTA, for she has no employ-
ment relationship with the railroad. In contrast, FELA damages for
lost wages are taxable because they are paid only if the injured person
previously "rendered [services] as an employee," 26 U. S. C. (1),
and, indeed, was working for the railroad when the injury occurred, see
45 U. S. C..
12 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

which the employee was not on the job" counts as pay for
services, and therefore ranks as wages. 532 U. S., at 210.
Cleveland Indians then took up a discrete, "secondary
issue" Nierotko presented, one not in contention here, i.e.,
whether for taxation purposes backpay is allocable to the
tax period when paid rather than an earlier time-earned
period. 532 U. S., at 211, 213 -- 214, 219 -- 220. Moreover,
Quality Stores, which postdated Cleveland Indians, left no
doubt that what qualifies under Nierotko as "wages" for
benefit purposes also qualifies as such for taxation pur-
poses. 572 U. S., at 146 -- 147.
C
Loos presses a final reason why he should not owe
RRTA taxes on his lost wages award. Loos argues, and
the District Court held, that the RRTA's tax on employees
does not apply to personal injury damages. He observes
that the RRTA taxes "the income of each employee." 26
U. S. C. -- (b). He then cites a
provision of the Internal Revenue Code, 26 U. S. C.
(2). This provision exempts "damages... received... on account of personal physical injuries" from federal
income taxation by excluding such damages from "gross
income." Loos urges that the exclusion of personal
injury damages from "gross income" should carry over
to the RRTA's tax on the "income" of railroad workers,
-- (b).
The argument is unconvincing. As the Government
points out, the District Court, echoed by Loos, conflated
"the distinct concepts of 'gross income,' [a prime compo-
nent of] the tax base on which income tax is collected, and
'compensation,' the separately defined category of pay-
ments that are taxable under the RRTA." Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 15. Blending tax bases that
Congress kept discrete, the District Court and Loos proffer
a scheme in which employees pay no tax on damages
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 13

Opinion of the Court

compensating for personal injuries; railroads pay the full
excise tax on such compensation; and employees receive
full credit for the compensation in determining their re-
tirement benefits. That scheme, however, is not plausibly
attributable to Congress.
For federal income tax purposes, "gross income" means
"all income" "[e]xcept as otherwise provided." 26 U. S. C.
; see, 63 (imposing a tax on "taxable income," de-
fined as "gross income minus... deductions"). Congress
provided detailed prescriptions on the scope of "gross
income," excluding from its reach numerous items, among
them, personal injury damages. See -- 140. Conspic-
uously absent from the RRTA, however, is any reference to
"gross income." As employed in the RRTA, the word "in-
come" merely distinguishes the tax on the employee, an
"income... tax,", from the matching tax on the
railroad, called an "excise tax.", 3221. See also
1937 RRTA, -- 3 (establishing an "income tax on em-
ployees" and an "excise tax on employers"); S. Rep. No.
818, 75th Cong., 1st Sess., 5 (1937) (stating that the RRTA
imposes an "income tax on employees" and an "excise tax
on employers"); H. R. Rep. No. 1071, 75th Cong., 1st Sess.,
6 (1937) (same).
Congress, we reiterate, specified not "gross income" but
employee "compensation" as the tax base for the RRTA's
income and excise taxes., 3221. Congress then
excepted certain payments from the calculation of "com-
pensation." See ; supra, at 9. Congress adopted
by cross-reference particular Internal Revenue Code ex-
clusions from "gross income," thereby carving out those
specified items from RRTA coverage. See (5) -- (6),
(9) -- (11). Tellingly, Congress did not adopt for RRTA
purposes the exclusion of personal injury damages from
federal income taxation set out in (2). We note,
furthermore, that if RRTA taxes were based on "income"
or "gross income" rather than "compensation," the RRTA
14 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

Opinion of the Court

tax base would sweep in nonrailroad income, including,
for example, dividends, interest accruals, even lottery
winnings. Shifting from "compensation" to "income" as the
RRTA tax base would thus saddle railroad workers with
more RRTA taxes.
Given the multiple flaws in Loos's last ditch argument,
we conclude that (2) does not exempt FELA dam-
ages from the RRTA's income and excise taxes.
* * *
In harmony with this Court's decisions in Nierotko and
Quality Stores, we hold that "compensation" for RRTA
purposes includes an employer's payments to an employee
for active service and for periods of absence from active
service. It is immaterial whether the employer chooses to
make the payment or is legally required to do so. Either
way, the payment is remitted to the recipient because of
his status as a service-rendering employee. See 26
U. S. C. (1); 45 U. S. C. (1).
For the reasons stated, FELA damages for lost wages
qualify as RRTA-taxable "compensation." The judgment of
the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is accordingly
reversed, and the case is remanded for proceedings con-
sistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 1042
_________________

BNSF RAILWAY COMPANY, PETITIONER v.
MICHAEL D. LOOS
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT
[March 4, 2019]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins,
dissenting.
BNSF Railway's negligence caused one of its employees
a serious injury. After a trial, a court ordered the
company to pay damages. But instead of sending the full
amount to the employee, BNSF asserted that it had to
divert a portion to the Internal Revenue Service. Why?
BNSF said the money represented taxable "compensation"
for "services rendered as an employee." 26 U. S. C.
(1). Today, the Court agrees with the company.
Respectfully, I do not. When an employee suffers a
physical injury due to his employer's negligence and has to
sue in court to recover damages, it seems more natural to
me to describe the final judgment as compensation for his
injury than for services (never) rendered.
The Court does not lay out the facts of the case, but they
are relevant to my analysis and straightforward enough.
Years ago, Michael Loos was working for BNSF in a train
yard when he fell into a hidden drainage grate and injured
his knee. He missed work for many months, and upon his
return he had a series of absences, many of which he
attributed to knee-injury flareups. When the company
moved to fire him for allegedly violating its attendance
policies, Mr. Loos sued. Among other things, Mr. Loos
sought damages for BNSF's negligence in maintaining the
2 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

train yard. He brought his claim under the Federal
Employers' Liability Act (FELA), an analogue to
tradititional state-law tort suits that makes an interstate
railroad "liable in damages to any person suffering injury
while he is employed" by the railroad "for such injury...
resulting in whole or in part from the [railroad's]
negligence." 45 U. S. C.. Ultimately, and again much
like in any other tort suit, the jury awarded damages in
three categories: $85,000 in pain and suffering, $11,212.78
in medical expenses, and $30,000 in lost wages -- the final
category representing the amount Mr. Loos was unable to
earn because of the injury BNSF's negligence caused.
Then a strange thing happened. BNSF argued that the
lost wages portion of Mr. Loos's judgment represented
"compensation" to him "for services rendered as an
employee" and was thus taxable income under the
Railroad Retirement Tax Act (RRTA). 26 U. S. C. 
et seq. In much the same way the Social Security Act
taxes other citizens' incomes to fund their retirement
benefits, the RRTA taxes railroad employees' earnings to
pay for their public pensions. And BNSF took the view
that, because Mr. Loos owed the IRS taxes on the lost
wages portion of his judgment, it had to withhold an
appropriate sum and redirect it to the government. The
company took this position even though it meant BNSF
would owe corresponding excise taxes. See 26 U. S. C.. It took this position, too, even though no one has
identified for us a single case where the IRS has sought to
collect RRTA taxes on a FELA judgment in the 80 years
the two statutes have coexisted. The company even
persisted in its view after, first, the district court and,
then, the Eighth Circuit ruled that Mr. Loos's award
wasn't subject to RRTA taxes. Even after all that, BNSF
went to the trouble of seeking review in this Court to win
the right to pay the IRS.
What's the reason for BNSF's tireless campaign? Is the
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

company really moved by a selfless desire to protect a
federal program from "a long-term risk of insolvency"?
See ante, at 5,. Several amici offer a more prosaic
possibility. Under the rule BNSF seeks and wins today,
RRTA taxes will be due on (but only on) the portion of a
FELA settlement or judgment designated as lost wages.
Taxes will not attach to other amounts attributed to, say,
pain and suffering or medical costs. At trial, of course, a
plaintiff 's damages are what they are, and often juries
will attribute a significant portion of damages to lost
wages. But with the help of the asymmetric tax treatment
they secure today, railroads like BSNF can now sweeten
their settlement offers while offering less money. Forgo
trial and accept a lower settlement, they will tell injured
workers, and in return we will designate a small fraction
(maybe even none) of the payments as taxable lost wages.
In this way, the Court's decision today may do precisely
nothing to increase the government's tax collections or
protect the solvency of any federal program. Instead, it
may only mean that employees will pay a tax for going to
trial -- and railroads will succeed in buying cheaper
settlements in the future at the bargain basement price of
a few thousand dollars in excise taxes in one case today.
See Brief for American Association for Justice as Amicus
Curiae 34 -- 36; Brief for SMART et al. as Amici Curiae 5 -- 7.
Whatever the reason for BNSF's gambit, the problems
with it start for me at the first step of the statutory
interpretation analysis -- with the text of the law itself.
The RRTA taxes an employee's "compensation," which it
defines as "money remuneration... for services rendered
as an employee to one or more employers." 26 U. S. C.
(1). A "service" refers to "duty or labor... by one
person... bound to submit his will to the direction and
control of [another]." Black's Law Dictionary 1607 (3d ed.
1933). And "remuneration" means "a quid pro quo," "rec-
ompense" or "reward" for such services. Id., at 1528. So
4 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the words "remuneration for services rendered" naturally
cover things like an employee's salary or hourly wage.
Nor do they stop there, as the Court correctly notes.
Rather, and contrary to the court of appeals' view, those
words also fairly encompass benefits like sick or disability
pay. After all, an employer offers those benefits to attract
and keep employees working on its behalf. In that way,
these benefits form part of the "quid pro quo" (compensa-
tion) the employer pays to secure the "duty or labor" (ser-
vices) the employee renders. Cf. United States v. Quality
Stores, Inc., (2014).
But damages for negligence are different. No one would
describe a dangerous fall or the wrenching of a knee as a
"service rendered" to the party who negligently caused the
accident. BNSF hardly directed Mr. Loos to fall or offered
to pay him for doing so. In fact, BNSF didn't even pay Mr.
Loos voluntarily; he had to wrest a judgment from the
railroad at the end of a legal battle. So Mr. Loos's FELA
judgment seems to me, as it did to every judge in the
proceedings below, unconnected to any service Mr. Loos
rendered to BNSF. Instead of being "compensation" for
"services rendered as an employee," it seems more natural
to say that the negligence damages BNSF paid are "com-
pensation" to Mr. Loos for his injury. That's exactly how
we usually understand tort damages -- as "compensation"
for an "injury" caused by "the unlawful act or omission or
negligence of another." Black's Law Dictionary 314 (2d ed.
1910). And that's exactly how FELA describes the damages
it provides -- stating that it renders a railroad "liable"
not for services rendered but for any "injury" caused by
the defendant's "negligence." 45 U. S. C. ; see also New
York Central R. Co. v. Winfield, (1917)
(Brandeis, J., dissenting) (FELA liability is "a penalty for
wrong doing," a "remedy" that "mak[es] the wrongdoer
indemnify him whom he has wronged").
Of course, BNSF isn't without a reply. Time and again
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

it highlights the fact that the district court measured the
lost wages portion of Mr. Loos's award by reference to
what he could have earned but for his injury. But if
BNSF's negligence had injured a passenger on a train
instead of an employee in a train yard, a jury could have
measured the passenger's tort damages in exactly the
same way, taking account of the wages she could have
earned from her own employer but for the railroad's negli-
gence. Vicksburg & Meridian R. Co. v. Putnam, (1886). In those circumstances, I doubt any of us
would say the passenger's damages award represented
compensation for "services rendered" to her employer
rather than compensation for her injury. And I don't see
why we would reach a different result here simply because
the victim of BNSF's negligence happened to be one of its
own workers. Of course, as the Court points out, ante, at
11, FELA suits may be brought only by railroad
employees against their employers. But in cases like ours
a FELA suit simply serves in the interstate railroad in-
dustry as a federalized substitute for a traditional state
negligence tort claim of the sort that could be brought by
anyone the railroad injured, employee or not. Inescapably,
"the basis of liability under [FELA] is and remains negli-
gence." Wilkerson v. McCarthy, (1949)
(Douglas, J., concurring).
Looking beyond the statute's text to its history only
compounds BNSF's problems. To be clear, the statutory
history I have in mind here isn't the sort of unenacted
legislative history that often is neither truly legislative
(having failed to survive bicameralism and presentment)
nor truly historical (consisting of advocacy aimed at win-
ning in future litigation what couldn't be won in past
statutes). Instead, I mean here the record of enacted
changes Congress made to the relevant statutory text over
time, the sort of textual evidence everyone agrees can
sometimes shed light on meaning. See United States v.
6 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Wong Kim Ark, -- 654 (1898).
The RRTA's statutory history is long and instructive.
Beginning in 1937, the statute defined taxable "compensa-
tion" to include remuneration "for services rendered," but
with the further instruction that this included compensa-
tion "for time lost." Carriers Taxing Act of 1937, 50
Stat. 436. Courts applying the RRTA's sister statute, the
Railroad Retirement Act (RRA), understood this language
to capture settlement payments for personal injury claims
that would not otherwise qualify as "remuneration... for
services rendered." See, e.g., Jacques v. Railroad Retire-
ment Bd., 736 F. 2d 34, 39 -- 40 (CA2 1984); Grant v. Rail-
road Retirement Bd., 173 F. 2d 385, 386 -- 387 (CA10 1949).
Congress itself seemed to agree, explaining in 1946 that
remuneration for "time lost" includes payments made
"with respect to an... absence on account of personal
injury.", 60 Stat. 725. But then Congress reversed
field. In 1975, it removed payments "for time lost" from
the RRTA's definition of "compensation.", 89 Stat.
466. And in 1983, Congress overwrote the last remaining
reference to payments "for time lost" in a nearby section., 97 Stat. 424 -- 426. To my mind, Congress's decision
to remove the only language that could have fairly cap-
tured the damages here cannot be easily ignored.
Yet BNSF would have us do exactly that. On its ac-
count, the RRTA's discussions about compensation for
time lost and personal injuries only ever served to illus-
trate what has qualified all along as remuneration for
"services rendered." So, on its view, when Congress first
added and then removed language about time lost and
personal injuries, it quite literally wasted its time because
none of its additions and subtractions altered the statute's
meaning. Put another way, BNSF asks us to read back
into the law words (time lost, personal injury) that Con-
gress deliberately removed on the assumption they were
never really needed in the first place. As I see it, that is
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

less " 'a construction of a statute [than] an enlargement of
it by the court, so that what was omitted, [BNSF] pre-
sum[es] by inadvertence, may be included within its scope.
To supply omissions [like that] transcends the judicial
function.' " West Virginia Univ. Hospitals, Inc. v. Casey,
(1991) (Brandeis, J.)).
Looking beyond the text and history of this statute to
compare it with others confirms the conclusion. Where
the RRTA directs the taxation of railroad employee income
to fund retirement benefits, the RRA controls the calcula-
tion of those benefits. And, unlike the RRTA, that statute
continues to include "pay for time lost" in the definition of
"compensation" it uses to calculate benefits. 45 U. S. C.
(1). Normally, when Congress chooses to exclude
terms in one statute while introducing or retaining them
in another closely related law, we give effect to rather
than pass a blind eye over the difference. Nor is there any
question that Congress knows exactly how to tax a favor-
able tort judgment when it wants. See, e.g., 26 U. S. C.
(2) (punitive damages are not deductible). Its
failure to offer any comparably clear command here
should, once more, tell us something.
With so much in the statute's text, history, and sur-
roundings now pointing for Mr. Loos, BNSF is left to lean
heavily on case law. The company says we must rule its
way primarily because of Social Security Bd. v. Nierotko,
(1946). But I do not see anything in that
case dictating a victory for BNSF. Nierotko concerned a
different statute, a different legal claim, and a different
factual context. There, the plaintiff brought a wrongful
termination claim before the National Labor Relations
Board, claiming that his employer fired him in retaliation
for union activity. The NLRB ordered the employee rein-
stated to his former job and paid as if he had never left.
Under those circumstances, this Court held that for pur-
8 BNSF R. CO. v. LOOS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

poses of calculating the plaintiff 's Social Security Act
benefits, his "wages" should include his backpay award,
allocated to the period when he would have been working
but for the employer's misconduct. Since then, however,
the Court has suggested that at least one of Nierotko's
holdings was likely motivated more by a policy concern
with protecting the employee's full retirement to Social
Security benefits than by a careful reading of the Social
Security Act. See United States v. Cleveland Indians
Baseball Co., -- 213 (2001); id., at 220 -- 
221 (Scalia, J., concurring in judgment). Besides, in this
case we're simply not faced with a wrongful termination
claim, an award of backpay, or the interpretation of the
Social Security Act -- let alone reason to worry that ruling
for Mr. Loos would inequitably shortchange an employee.
So whatever light Nierotko might continue to shed on the
question it faced, and whatever superficial similarities one
might point to here, that decision simply doesn't dictate an
answer to the question whether a tort victim's damages for
a physical injury qualify as "compensation for services
rendered" under the RRTA.
By this point BNSF is left with only one argument,
which it treats as no more than a last resort: Chevron
deference. In the past, the briefs and oral argument in
this case likely would have centered on whether we should
defer to the IRS's administrative interpretation of the
RRTA. After all, the IRS (at least today) agrees with
BNSF's interpretation that "compensation... for services
rendered" includes damages for personal injuries. And the
Chevron doctrine, if it retains any force, would seem to
allow BNSF to parlay any statutory ambiguity into a
colorable argument for judicial deference to the IRS's view,
regardless of the Court's best independent understanding
of the law. See Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Natural Resources
Defense Council, Inc., (1984). Of course, any
Chevron analysis here would be complicated by the gov-
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

ernment's change of heart. For if Nierotko is as relevant
as BNSF contends, then it must also be relevant that,
back when Nierotko was decided, the IRS took the view
that the term "wages" in the Social Security Act did not
include backpay awards for wrongful termination. See
327 U. S., at 366 -- 367. And if "wages" don't include back-
pay awards for wrongful terminations, it's hard to see how
"compensation... for services rendered" might include
damages for an act of negligence. Still, even with the
complications that follow from executive agencies' pench-
ant for changing their views about the law's meaning
almost as often as they change administrations, a plea for
deference surely would have enjoyed pride of place in
BNSF's submission not long ago.
But nothing like that happened here. BNSF devoted
scarcely any of its briefing to Chevron. At oral argument,
BNSF's lawyer didn't even mention the case until the final
seconds -- and even then "hate[d] to cite" it. Tr. of Oral
Arg. 58. No doubt, BNSF proceeded this way well aware
of the mounting criticism of Chevron deference. See, e.g.,
Pereira v. Sessions, 585 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2018) (Kenne-
dy, J., concurring). And no doubt, too, this is all to the
good. Instead of throwing up our hands and letting an
interested party -- the federal government's executive
branch, no less -- dictate an inferior interpretation of the
law that may be more the product of politics than a scru-
pulous reading of the statute, the Court today buckles
down to its job of saying what the law is in light of its text,
its context, and our precedent. Though I may disagree
with the result the Court reaches, my colleagues rightly
afford the parties before us an independent judicial inter-
pretation of the law. They deserve no less.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
Impelling prompt registration of copyright claims, 17
U. S. C. states that "no civil action for infringe-
ment of the copyright in any United States work shall be
instituted until... registration of the copyright claim has
been made in accordance with this title." The question
this case presents: Has "registration... been made in
accordance with [Title 17]" as soon as the claimant deliv-
ers the required application, copies of the work, and fee to
the Copyright Office; or has "registration... been made"
only after the Copyright Office reviews and registers the
copyright? We hold, in accord with the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, that registra-
tion occurs, and a copyright claimant may commence an
infringement suit, when the Copyright Office registers a
copyright. Upon registration of the copyright, however, a
copyright owner can recover for infringement that oc-
curred both before and after registration.
Petitioner Fourth Estate Public Benefit Corporation
(Fourth Estate) is a news organization producing online
journalism. Fourth Estate licensed journalism works to
2 FOURTH ESTATE PUB. BENEFIT CORP. v.
WALL-STREET.COM, LLC
Opinion of the Court

respondent Wall-Street.com, LLC (Wall-Street), a news
website. The license agreement required Wall-Street to
remove from its website all content produced by Fourth
Estate before canceling the agreement. Wall-Street can-
celed, but continued to display articles produced by Fourth
Estate. Fourth Estate sued Wall-Street and its owner,
Jerrold Burden, for copyright infringement. The com-
plaint alleged that Fourth Estate had filed "applications to
register [the] articles [licensed to Wall-Street] with the
Register of Copyrights." App. to Pet. for Cert. 18a.1
Because the Register had not yet acted on Fourth Estate's
applications,2 the District Court, on Wall-Street and Bur-
den's motion, dismissed the complaint, and the Eleventh
Circuit affirmed. 856 F. 3d 1338 (2017). Thereafter, the
Register of Copyrights refused registration of the articles
Wall-Street had allegedly infringed.3
We granted Fourth Estate's petition for certiorari to
resolve a division among U. S. Courts of Appeals on
when registration occurs in accordance with. 585
U. S. ___ (2018). Compare, e.g., 856 F. 3d, at 1341 (case
below) (registration has been made under when
the Register of Copyrights registers a copyright), with,
e.g., Cosmetic Ideas, Inc. v. IAC/Interactivecorp, 606 F. 3d
612, 621 (CA9 2010) (registration has been made under
when the copyright claimant's "complete applica-
tion" for registration is received by the Copyright Office).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The Register of Copyrights is the "director of the Copyright Office of

the Library of Congress" and is appointed by the Librarian of Congress.
17 U. S. C.. The Copyright Act delegates to the Register "[a]ll
administrative functions and duties under [Title 17]." Ibid.
2 Consideration of Fourth Estate's filings was initially delayed be-

cause the check Fourth Estate sent in payment of the filing fee was
rejected by Fourth Estate's bank as uncollectible. App. to Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae 1a.
3 The merits of the Copyright Office's decision refusing registration

are not at issue in this Court.
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

Opinion of the Court

I
Under the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended, copyright
protection attaches to "original works of authorship" -- 
prominent among them, literary, musical, and dramatic
works -- "fixed in any tangible medium of expression." 17
U. S. C.. An author gains "exclusive rights" in her
work immediately upon the work's creation, including
rights of reproduction, distribution, and display. See ;
Eldred v. Ashcroft, (2003) ("[F]ederal
copyright protection... run[s] from the work's creation.").
The Copyright Act entitles a copyright owner to institute a
civil action for infringement of those exclusive rights..
Before pursuing an infringement claim in court, how-
ever, a copyright claimant generally must comply with
's requirement that "registration of the copyright
claim has been made.". Therefore, although an
owner's rights exist apart from registration, see,
registration is akin to an administrative exhaustion re-
quirement that the owner must satisfy before suing to
enforce ownership rights, see Tr. of Oral Arg. 35.
In limited circumstances, copyright owners may file an
infringement suit before undertaking registration. If a
copyright owner is preparing to distribute a work of a type
vulnerable to predistribution infringement -- notably, a
movie or musical composition -- the owner may apply for
preregistration. (2); 37 CFR.16(b)(1) (2018).
The Copyright Office will "conduct a limited review" of the
application and notify the claimant "[u]pon completion of
the preregistration.".16(c)(7), (c)(10). Once "prereg-
istration... has been made," the copyright claimant may
institute a suit for infringement. 17 U. S. C..
Preregistration, however, serves only as "a preliminary
step prior to a full registration." Preregistration of Cer-
tain Unpublished Copyright Claims, 70 Fed. Reg. 42286
(2005). An infringement suit brought in reliance on pre-
4 FOURTH ESTATE PUB. BENEFIT CORP. v.
WALL-STREET.COM, LLC
Opinion of the Court

registration risks dismissal unless the copyright owner
applies for registration promptly after the preregistered
work's publication or infringement. (3) -- (4). A
copyright owner may also sue for infringement of a live
broadcast before "registration... has been made," but
faces dismissal of her suit if she fails to "make registration
for the work" within three months of its first transmission.. Even in these exceptional scenarios, then, the
copyright owner must eventually pursue registration in
order to maintain a suit for infringement.
II
All parties agree that, outside of statutory exceptions
not applicable here, bars a copyright owner from
suing for infringement until "registration... has been
made." Fourth Estate and Wall-Street dispute, however,
whether "registration... has been made" under 
when a copyright owner submits the application, materi-
als, and fee required for registration, or only when the
Copyright Office grants registration. Fourth Estate ad-
vances the former view -- the "application approach" -- 
while Wall-Street urges the latter reading -- the "registra-
tion approach." The registration approach, we conclude,
reflects the only satisfactory reading of 's text. We
therefore reject Fourth Estate's application approach.
A
Under, "registration... has been made," and a
copyright owner may sue for infringement, when the
Copyright Office registers a copyright.4 Section 411(a)'s
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Section 411(a) provides, in principal part: "[N]o civil action for in-

fringement of the copyright in any United States work shall be insti-
tuted until preregistration or registration of the copyright claim has been
made in accordance with this title. In any case, however, where the
deposit, application, and fee required for registration have been deliv-
ered to the Copyright Office in proper form and registration has been
refused, the applicant is entitled to institute a civil action for infringe-
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

Opinion of the Court

first sentence provides that no civil infringement action
"shall be instituted until preregistration or registration of
the copyright claim has been made." The section's next
sentence sets out an exception to this rule: When the
required "deposit, application, and fee... have been deliv-
ered to the Copyright Office in proper form and registra-
tion has been refused," the claimant "[may] institute a
civil action, if notice thereof... is served on the Register."
Read together, 's opening sentences focus not on
the claimant's act of applying for registration, but on
action by the Copyright Office -- namely, its registration or
refusal to register a copyright claim.
If application alone sufficed to "ma[ke]" registration,
's second sentence -- allowing suit upon refusal of
registration -- would be superfluous. What utility would
that allowance have if a copyright claimant could sue for
infringement immediately after applying for registration
without awaiting the Register's decision on her applica-
tion? Proponents of the application approach urge that
's second sentence serves merely to require a copy-
right claimant to serve "notice [of an infringement suit]... on the Register." See Brief for Petitioner 29 -- 32. This
reading, however, requires the implausible assumption
that Congress gave "registration" different meanings in
consecutive, related sentences within a single statutory
provision. In 's first sentence, "registration" would
mean the claimant's act of filing an application, while in
the section's second sentence, "registration" would entail
the Register's review of an application. We resist this
improbable construction. See, e.g., Mid-Con Freight Sys-
tems, Inc. v. Michigan Pub. Serv. Comm'n, -- -- -- -- -- -- 
ment if notice thereof, with a copy of the complaint, is served on the
Register of Copyrights. The Register may, at his or her option, become
a party to the action with respect to the issue of registrability of the
copyright claim...."
6 FOURTH ESTATE PUB. BENEFIT CORP. v.
WALL-STREET.COM, LLC
Opinion of the Court

448 (2005) (declining to read "the same words" in con-
secutive sentences as "refer[ring] to something totally
different").
The third and final sentence of further per-
suades us that the provision requires action by the Regis-
ter before a copyright claimant may sue for infringement.
The sentence allows the Register to "become a party to the
action with respect to the issue of registrability of the
copyright claim." This allowance would be negated, and
the court conducting an infringement suit would lack the
benefit of the Register's assessment, if an infringement
suit could be filed and resolved before the Register acted
on an application.
Other provisions of the Copyright Act support our read-
ing of "registration," as used in, to mean action by
the Register. Section 410 states that, "after examination,"
if the Register determines that "the material deposited
constitutes copyrightable subject matter" and "other legal
and formal requirements... [are] met, the Register shall
register the claim and issue to the applicant a certificate of
registration.". But if the Register determines that
the deposited material "does not constitute copyrightable
subject matter or that the claim is invalid for any other
reason, the Register shall refuse registration.".
Section 410 thus confirms that application is discrete
from, and precedes, registration. Section 410(d), further-
more, provides that if the Copyright Office registers a
claim, or if a court later determines that a refused claim
was registrable, the "effective date of [the work's] copy-
right registration is the day on which" the copyright owner
made a proper submission to the Copyright Office. There
would be no need thus to specify the "effective date of a
copyright registration" if submission of the required mate-
rials qualified as "registration."
Section 408(f)'s preregistration option, too, would have
little utility if a completed application constituted regis-
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

Opinion of the Court

tration. Preregistration, as noted supra, at 3 -- 4, allows the
author of a work vulnerable to predistribution infringe-
ment to enforce her exclusive rights in court before obtain-
ing registration or refusal thereof. A copyright owner who
fears prepublication infringement would have no reason to
apply for preregistration, however, if she could instead
simply complete an application for registration and imme-
diately commence an infringement suit. Cf. TRW Inc. v.
Andrews, (2001) (rejecting an interpreta-
tion that "would in practical effect render [a provision]
superfluous in all but the most unusual circumstances").
B
Challenging the Eleventh Circuit's judgment, Fourth
Estate primarily contends that the Copyright Act uses
"the phrase 'make registration' and its passive-voice coun-
terpart 'registration has been made' " to describe submis-
sions by the copyright owner, rather than Copyright Office
responses to those submissions. Brief for Petitioner 21.
Section 411(a)'s requirement that "registration... has
been made in accordance with this title," Fourth Estate
insists, most likely refers to a copyright owner's compli-
ance with the statutory specifications for registration
applications. In support, Fourth Estate points to Copy-
right Act provisions that appear to use the phrase "make
registration" or one of its variants to describe what a
copyright claimant does. See id., at 22 -- 26, 408(c)(3), 411(c), 412(2)). Further-
more, Fourth Estate urges that its reading reflects the
reality that, eventually, the vast majority of applications
are granted. See Brief for Petitioner 41.
Fourth Estate acknowledges, however, that the Copy-
right Act sometimes uses "registration" to refer to activity
by the Copyright Office, not activity undertaken by a
copyright claimant. See id., at 27 -- 28 ). Fourth Estate thus agrees that, to determine
8 FOURTH ESTATE PUB. BENEFIT CORP. v.
WALL-STREET.COM, LLC
Opinion of the Court

how the statute uses the word "registration" in a particu-
lar prescription, one must "look to the specific context" in
which the term is used. Brief for Petitioner 29. As ex-
plained supra, at 4 -- 7, the "specific context" of 
permits only one sensible reading: The phrase "registra-
tion... has been made" refers to the Copyright Office's act
granting registration, not to the copyright claimant's
request for registration.
Fourth Estate's contrary reading of stems in
part from its misapprehension of the significance of cer-
tain 1976 revisions to the Copyright Act. Before that year,
's precursor provided that "[n]o action or proceed-
ing shall be maintained for infringement of copyright in
any work until the provisions of this title with respect to
the deposit of copies and registration of such work shall
have been complied with." 17 U. S. C. (1970 ed.).
Fourth Estate urges that this provision posed the very
question we resolve today -- namely, whether a claimant's
application alone effects registration. The Second Circuit
addressed that question, Fourth Estate observes, in
Vacheron & Constantin-Le Coultre Watches, Inc. v. Benrus
Watch Co., 260 F. 2d 637 (1958). Brief for Petitioner 32 -- 
34. In that case, in an opinion by Judge Learned Hand,
the court held that a copyright owner who completed an
application could not sue for infringement immediately
upon the Copyright Office's refusal to register. Vacheron,
260 F. 3d, at 640 -- 641. Instead, the owner first had to
obtain a registration certificate by bringing a mandamus
action against the Register. The Second Circuit dissenter
would have treated the owner's application as sufficient to
permit commencement of an action for infringement. Id.,
at 645.
Fourth Estate sees Congress' 1976 revision of the regis-
tration requirement as an endorsement of the Vacheron
dissenter's position. Brief for Petitioner 34 -- 36. We dis-
agree. The changes made in 1976 instead indicate Con-
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

Opinion of the Court

gress' agreement with Judge Hand that it is the Register's
action that triggers a copyright owner's entitlement to sue.
In enacting 17 U. S. C., Congress both reaffirmed
the general rule that registration must precede an in-
fringement suit, and added an exception in that provi-
sion's second sentence to cover instances in which regis-
tration is refused. See H. R. Rep. No. 94‒1476, p. 157
(1976). That exception would have no work to do if, as
Fourth Estate urges, Congress intended the 1976 revisions
to clarify that a copyright claimant may sue immediately
upon applying for registration. A copyright claimant
would need no statutory authorization to sue after refusal
of her application if she could institute suit as soon as she
has filed the application.
Noteworthy, too, in years following the 1976 revisions,
Congress resisted efforts to eliminate and the
registration requirement embedded in it. In 1988, Con-
gress removed foreign works from 's dominion in
order to comply with the Berne Convention for the Protec-
tion of Literary and Artistic Works' bar on copyright for-
malities for such works. See (1), 102 Stat. 2859.
Despite proposals to repeal 's registration require-
ment entirely, however, see S. Rep. No. 100‒352, p. 36
(1988), Congress maintained the requirement for domestic
works, see. Subsequently, in 1993, Congress
considered, but declined to adopt, a proposal to allow suit
immediately upon submission of a registration application.
See H. R. Rep. No. 103 -- 338, p. 4 (1993). And in 2005,
Congress made a preregistration option available for
works vulnerable to predistribution infringement. See
Artists' Rights and Theft Prevention Act of 2005, 119 Stat. 221. See also supra, at 3 -- 4. Congress chose that
course in face of calls to eliminate registration in cases of
predistribution infringement. 70 Fed. Reg. 42286. Time
and again, then, Congress has maintained registration as
prerequisite to suit, and rejected proposals that would
10 FOURTH ESTATE PUB. BENEFIT CORP. v.
WALL-STREET.COM, LLC
Opinion of the Court

have eliminated registration or tied it to the copyright
claimant's application instead of the Register's action.5
Fourth Estate additionally argues that, as "registration
is not a condition of copyright protection," 17 U. S. C., should not be read to bar a copyright
claimant from enforcing that protection in court once she
has submitted a proper application for registration. Brief
for Petitioner 37. But as explained supra, at 3, the Copy-
right Act safeguards copyright owners, irrespective of
registration, by vesting them with exclusive rights upon
creation of their works and prohibiting infringement from
that point forward. If infringement occurs before a copy-
right owner applies for registration, that owner may even-
tually recover damages for the past infringement, as well
as the infringer's profits.. She must simply apply for
registration and receive the Copyright Office's decision on
her application before instituting suit. Once the Register
grants or refuses registration, the copyright owner may
also seek an injunction barring the infringer from contin-
ued violation of her exclusive rights and an order requir-
ing the infringer to destroy infringing materials.,
503(b).
Fourth Estate maintains, however, that if infringement
occurs while the Copyright Office is reviewing a registra-
tion application, the registration approach will deprive the
owner of her rights during the waiting period. Brief for
Petitioner 41. See also 1 P. Goldstein, Copyright.15,

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Fourth Estate asserts that, if a copyright owner encounters a

lengthy delay in the Copyright Office, she may be forced to file a
mandamus action to compel the Register to rule on her application, the
very problem exposed in Vacheron & Constantin-Le Coultre Watches,
Inc. v. Benrus Watch Co., 260 F. 2d 637 (CA2 1958), see supra, at 8.
But Congress' answer to Vacheron, codified in 's second sen-
tence, was to permit an infringement suit upon refusal of registration,
not to eliminate Copyright Office action as the trigger for an infringe-
ment suit.
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 11

Opinion of the Court

p. 3:154.2 (3d ed. 2018 Supp.) (finding application ap-
proach "the better rule"); 2 M. Nimmer & D. Nimmer,
Copyright.16[B][a], [b][ii] (2018) (infringement suit is
conditioned on application, while prima facie presumption
of validity depends on certificate of registration). The
Copyright Act's explicit carveouts from 's general
registration rule, however, show that Congress adverted to
this concern. In the preregistration option, Con-
gress provided that owners of works especially susceptible
to prepublication infringement should be allowed to insti-
tute suit before the Register has granted or refused regis-
tration. See. Congress made the same determina-
tion as to live broadcasts. ; see supra, at 4.6 As to
all other works, however, 's general rule requires
owners to await action by the Register before filing suit for
infringement.
Fourth Estate raises the specter that a copyright owner
may lose the ability to enforce her rights if the Copyright
Act's three-year statute of limitations runs out before the
Copyright Office acts on her application for registration.
Brief for Petitioner 41. Fourth Estate's fear is overstated,
as the average processing time for registration applications
is currently seven months, leaving ample time to sue after
the Register's decision, even for infringement that began
before submission of an application. See U. S. Copyright
Office, Registration Processing Times (Oct. 2, 2018) (Regis-
tration Processing Times), https://www.copyright.gov/
registration/docs/processing-times-faqs.pdf (as last visited
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Further, in addition to the Act's provisions for preregistration suit,
the Copyright Office allows copyright claimants to seek expedited
processing of a claim for an additional $800 fee. See U. S. Copyright
Office, Special Handling: Circular No. 10, pp. 1 -- 2 (2017). The Copy-
right Office grants requests for special handling in situations involving,
inter alia, "[p]ending or prospective litigation," and "make[s] every
attempt to examine the application... within five working days."
Compendium of U. S. Copyright Practices.2, 623.4 (3d ed. 2017).
12 FOURTH ESTATE PUB. BENEFIT CORP. v.
WALL-STREET.COM, LLC
Opinion of the Court

Mar. 1, 2019).
True, the statutory scheme has not worked as Congress
likely envisioned. Registration processing times have
increased from one or two weeks in 1956 to many months
today. See GAO, Improving Productivity in Copyright
Registration 3 (GAO -- AFMD -- 83 -- 13 1982); Registration
Processing Times. Delays in Copyright Office processing
of applications, it appears, are attributable, in large
measure, to staffing and budgetary shortages that Con-
gress can alleviate, but courts cannot cure. See 5 W.
Patry, Copyright :83 (2019). Unfortunate as the cur-
rent administrative lag may be, that factor does not allow
us to revise 's congressionally composed text.
* * *
For the reasons stated, we conclude that "registration...
has been made" within the meaning of 17 U. S. C. 
not when an application for registration is filed, but when
the Register has registered a copyright after examining a
properly filed application. The judgment of the Court of
Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit is accordingly

Affirmed.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
Tyson Timbs pleaded guilty in Indiana state court to
dealing in a controlled substance and conspiracy to com-
mit theft. The trial court sentenced him to one year of
home detention and five years of probation, which included
a court-supervised addiction-treatment program. The
sentence also required Timbs to pay fees and costs totaling
$1,203. At the time of Timbs's arrest, the police seized his
vehicle, a Land Rover SUV Timbs had purchased for about
$42,000. Timbs paid for the vehicle with money he re-
ceived from an insurance policy when his father died.
The State engaged a private law firm to bring a civil suit
for forfeiture of Timbs's Land Rover, charging that the
vehicle had been used to transport heroin. After Timbs's
guilty plea in the criminal case, the trial court held a
hearing on the forfeiture demand. Although finding that
Timbs's vehicle had been used to facilitate violation of a
criminal statute, the court denied the requested forfeiture,
observing that Timbs had recently purchased the vehicle
for $42,000, more than four times the maximum $10,000
monetary fine assessable against him for his drug convic-
tion. Forfeiture of the Land Rover, the court determined,
2 TIMBS v. INDIANA

Opinion of the Court

would be grossly disproportionate to the gravity of Timbs's
offense, hence unconstitutional under the Eighth Amend-
ment's Excessive Fines Clause. The Court of Appeals of
Indiana affirmed that determination, but the Indiana
Supreme Court reversed. 84 N. E. 3d 1179 (2017). The
Indiana Supreme Court did not decide whether the forfeit-
ure would be excessive. Instead, it held that the Exces-
sive Fines Clause constrains only federal action and is
inapplicable to state impositions. We granted certiorari.
585 U. S. __ (2018).
The question presented: Is the Eighth Amendment's
Excessive Fines Clause an "incorporated" protection appli-
cable to the States under the Fourteenth Amendment's
Due Process Clause? Like the Eighth Amendment's pro-
scriptions of "cruel and unusual punishment" and
"[e]xcessive bail," the protection against excessive fines
guards against abuses of government's punitive or criminal-
law-enforcement authority. This safeguard, we hold, is
"fundamental to our scheme of ordered liberty," with
"dee[p] root[s] in [our] history and tradition." McDonald v.
Chicago, (2010) (internal quotation
marks omitted; emphasis deleted). The Excessive Fines
Clause is therefore incorporated by the Due Process
Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.
I
A
When ratified in 1791, the Bill of Rights applied only to
the Federal Government. Barron ex rel. Tiernan v. Mayor
of Baltimore, 7 Pet. 243 (1833). "The constitutional
Amendments adopted in the aftermath of the Civil War,"
however, "fundamentally altered our country's federal
system." McDonald, 561 U. S., at 754. With only "a hand-
ful" of exceptions, this Court has held that the Fourteenth
Amendment's Due Process Clause incorporates the protec-
tions contained in the Bill of Rights, rendering them appli-
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

Opinion of the Court

cable to the States. Id., at 764 -- 765, and nn. 12 -- 13. A Bill
of Rights protection is incorporated, we have explained, if
it is "fundamental to our scheme of ordered liberty,"
or "deeply rooted in this Nation's history and tradition."
Id., at 767 (internal quotation marks omitted; emphasis
deleted).
Incorporated Bill of Rights guarantees are "enforced
against the States under the Fourteenth Amendment
according to the same standards that protect those per-
sonal rights against federal encroachment." Id., at 765. Thus, if a Bill of
Rights protection is incorporated, there is no daylight
between the federal and state conduct it prohibits or
requires.1
B
Under the Eighth Amendment, "[e]xcessive bail shall
not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and
unusual punishments inflicted." Taken together, these
Clauses place "parallel limitations" on "the power of those
entrusted with the criminal-law function of government."
Browning-Ferris Industries of Vt., Inc. v. Kelco Disposal,
Inc., (1989) ). Directly at issue here
is the phrase "nor excessive fines imposed," which "limits
the government's power to extract payments, whether in
cash or in kind, 'as punishment for some offense.' " United
States v. Bajakajian, -- 328 (1998) (quot-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The sole exception is our holding that the Sixth Amendment re-
quires jury unanimity in federal, but not state, criminal proceedings.
Apodaca v. Oregon, (1972). As we have explained, that
"exception to th[e] general rule... was the result of an unusual divi-
sion among the Justices," and it "does not undermine the well-
established rule that incorporated Bill of Rights protections apply
identically to the States and the Federal Government." McDonald, 561
U. S., at 766,.
4 TIMBS v. INDIANA

Opinion of the Court

ing Austin v. United States, -- 610
(1993)). The Fourteenth Amendment, we hold, incorpo-
rates this protection.
The Excessive Fines Clause traces its venerable lineage
back to at least 1215, when Magna Carta guaranteed that
"[a] Free-man shall not be amerced for a small fault, but
after the manner of the fault; and for a great fault after
the greatness thereof, saving to him his contenement....", 9 Hen. III, ch. 14, in 1 Eng. Stat. at Large 5 (1225).2
As relevant here, Magna Carta required that economic
sanctions "be proportioned to the wrong" and "not be so
large as to deprive [an offender] of his livelihood." Browning-
Ferris, 492 U. S., at 271. See also 4 W. Blackstone,
Commentaries on the Laws of England 372 (1769) ("[N]o
man shall have a larger amercement imposed upon him,
than his circumstances or personal estate will bear....").
But cf. Bajakajian, 524 U. S., at 340, (taking no
position on the question whether a person's income and
wealth are relevant considerations in judging the exces-
siveness of a fine).
Despite Magna Carta, imposition of excessive fines
persisted. The 17th century Stuart kings, in particular,
were criticized for using large fines to raise revenue, har-
ass their political foes, and indefinitely detain those un-
able to pay. E.g., The Grand Remonstrance ¶¶17, 34
(1641), in The Constitutional Documents of the Puritan
Revolution 1625 -- 1660, pp. 210, 212 (S. Gardiner ed., 3d
ed. rev. 1906); Browning-Ferris, 492 U. S., at 267. When
James II was overthrown in the Glorious Revolution, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 "Amercements were payments to the Crown, and were required of

individuals who were 'in the King's mercy,' because of some act offen-
sive to the Crown." Browning-Ferris, 492 U. S., at 269. "[T]hough fines
and amercements had distinct historical antecedents, they served
fundamentally similar purposes -- and, by the seventeenth and eight-
eenth centuries, the terms were often used interchangeably." Brief for
Eighth Amendment Scholars as Amici Curiae 12.
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

Opinion of the Court

attendant English Bill of Rights reaffirmed Magna Carta's
guarantee by providing that "excessive Bail ought not to
be required, nor excessive Fines imposed; nor cruel and
unusual Punishments inflicted." 1 Wm. & Mary, ch. 2, in 3 Eng. Stat. at Large 441 (1689).
Across the Atlantic, this familiar language was adopted
almost verbatim, first in the Virginia Declaration of
Rights, then in the Eighth Amendment, which states:
"Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines
imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted."
Adoption of the Excessive Fines Clause was in tune not
only with English law; the Clause resonated as well with
similar colonial-era provisions. See, e.g., Pa. Frame of
Govt., Laws Agreed Upon in England, Art. XVIII (1682), in
5 Federal and State Constitutions 3061 (F. Thorpe ed.
1909) ("[A]ll fines shall be moderate, and saving men's
contenements, merchandize, or wainage."). In 1787, the
constitutions of eight States -- accounting for 70% of the
U. S. population -- forbade excessive fines. Calabresi,
Agudo, & Dore, State Bills of Rights in 1787 and 1791, 85
S. Cal. L. Rev. 1451, 1517 (2012).
An even broader consensus obtained in 1868 upon ratifi-
cation of the Fourteenth Amendment. By then, the consti-
tutions of 35 of the 37 States -- accounting for over 90% of
the U. S. population -- expressly prohibited excessive fines.
Calabresi & Agudo, Individual Rights Under State Consti-
tutions When the Fourteenth Amendment Was Ratified in
1868, 87 Texas L. Rev. 7, 82 (2008).
Notwithstanding the States' apparent agreement that
the right guaranteed by the Excessive Fines Clause was
fundamental, abuses continued. Following the Civil War,
Southern States enacted Black Codes to subjugate newly
freed slaves and maintain the prewar racial hierarchy.
Among these laws' provisions were draconian fines for
violating broad proscriptions on "vagrancy" and other
dubious offenses. See, e.g., Mississippi Vagrant Law,
6 TIMBS v. INDIANA

Opinion of the Court

Laws of Miss. (1865), in 1 W. Fleming, Documentary
History of Reconstruction 283 -- 285 (1950). When newly
freed slaves were unable to pay imposed fines, States often
demanded involuntary labor instead. E.g., id. ; see
Finkelman, John Bingham and the Background to the
Fourteenth Amendment, 36 Akron L. Rev 671, 681 -- 685
(2003) (describing Black Codes' use of fines and other
methods to "replicate, as much as possible, a system of
involuntary servitude"). Congressional debates over the
Civil Rights Act of 1866, the joint resolution that became
the Fourteenth Amendment, and similar measures re-
peatedly mentioned the use of fines to coerce involuntary
labor. See, e.g., Cong. Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess., 443
(1866); id., at 1123 -- 1124.
Today, acknowledgment of the right's fundamental
nature remains widespread. As Indiana itself reports, all
50 States have a constitutional provision prohibiting the
imposition of excessive fines either directly or by requiring
proportionality. Brief in Opposition 8 -- 9. Indeed, Indiana
explains that its own Supreme Court has held that the
Indiana Constitution should be interpreted to impose the
same restrictions as the Eighth Amendment. Id., at 9
).
For good reason, the protection against excessive fines
has been a constant shield throughout Anglo-American
history: Exorbitant tolls undermine other constitutional
liberties. Excessive fines can be used, for example, to
retaliate against or chill the speech of political enemies, as
the Stuarts' critics learned several centuries ago. See
Browning-Ferris, 492 U. S., at 267. Even absent a politi-
cal motive, fines may be employed "in a measure out of
accord with the penal goals of retribution and deterrence,"
for "fines are a source of revenue," while other forms of
punishment "cost a State money." Harmelin v. Michigan, (1991) (opinion of Scalia, J.) ("it
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

Opinion of the Court

makes sense to scrutinize governmental action more closely
when the State stands to benefit"). This concern is scarcely
hypothetical. See Brief for American Civil Liberties
Union et al. as Amici Curiae 7 ("Perhaps because they are
politically easier to impose than generally applicable
taxes, state and local governments nationwide increasingly
depend heavily on fines and fees as a source of general
revenue.").
In short, the historical and logical case for concluding
that the Fourteenth Amendment incorporates the Exces-
sive Fines Clause is overwhelming. Protection against
excessive punitive economic sanctions secured by the
Clause is, to repeat, both "fundamental to our scheme of
ordered liberty" and "deeply rooted in this Nation's history
and tradition." McDonald, 561 U. S., at 767 (internal
quotation marks omitted; emphasis deleted).
II
The State of Indiana does not meaningfully challenge
the case for incorporating the Excessive Fines Clause as a
general matter. Instead, the State argues that the Clause
does not apply to its use of civil in rem forfeitures because,
the State says, the Clause's specific application to such
forfeitures is neither fundamental nor deeply rooted.
In Austin v. United States, (1993), however,
this Court held that civil in rem forfeitures fall within the
Clause's protection when they are at least partially puni-
tive. Austin arose in the federal context. But when a Bill
of Rights protection is incorporated, the protection applies
"identically to both the Federal Government and the
States." McDonald, 561 U. S., at 766,. Accordingly,
to prevail, Indiana must persuade us either to overrule
our decision in Austin or to hold that, in light of Austin,
the Excessive Fines Clause is not incorporated because the
Clause's application to civil in rem forfeitures is neither
fundamental nor deeply rooted. The first argument is not
8 TIMBS v. INDIANA

Opinion of the Court

properly before us, and the second misapprehends the
nature of our incorporation inquiry.
A
In the Indiana Supreme Court, the State argued that
forfeiture of Timbs's SUV would not be excessive. See
Brief in Opposition 5. It never argued, however, that civil
in rem forfeitures were categorically beyond the reach of
the Excessive Fines Clause. The Indiana Supreme Court,
for its part, held that the Clause did not apply to the
States at all, and it nowhere addressed the Clause's appli-
cation to civil in rem forfeitures. See 84 N. E. 3d 1179.
Accordingly, Timbs sought our review of the question
"[w]hether the Eighth Amendment's Excessive Fines
Clause is incorporated against the States under the Four-
teenth Amendment." Pet. for Cert. i. In opposing review,
Indiana attempted to reformulate the question to ask
"[w]hether the Eighth Amendment's Excessive Fines
Clause restricts States' use of civil asset forfeitures." Brief
in Opposition i. And on the merits, Indiana has argued
not only that the Clause is not incorporated, but also that
Austin was wrongly decided. Respondents' "right, in their
brief in opposition, to restate the questions presented,"
however, "does not give them the power to expand [those]
questions." Bray v. Alexandria Women's Health Clinic, (1993) (emphasis deleted). That
is particularly the case where, as here, a respondent's
reformulation would lead us to address a question neither
pressed nor passed upon below. Cf. Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005) ("[W]e are a court of review,
not of first view...."). We thus decline the State's invita-
tion to reconsider our unanimous judgment in Austin that
civil in rem forfeitures are fines for purposes of the Eighth
Amendment when they are at least partially punitive.
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

Opinion of the Court

B
As a fallback, Indiana argues that the Excessive Fines
Clause cannot be incorporated if it applies to civil in rem
forfeitures. We disagree. In considering whether the
Fourteenth Amendment incorporates a protection con-
tained in the Bill of Rights, we ask whether the right
guaranteed -- not each and every particular application of
that right -- is fundamental or deeply rooted.
Indiana's suggestion to the contrary is inconsistent with
the approach we have taken in cases concerning novel
applications of rights already deemed incorporated. For
example, in Packingham v. North Carolina, 582 U. S. ___
(2017), we held that a North Carolina statute prohibiting
registered sex offenders from accessing certain common-
place social media websites violated the First Amendment
right to freedom of speech. In reaching this conclusion, we
noted that the First Amendment's Free Speech Clause was
"applicable to the States under the Due Process Clause of
the Fourteenth Amendment." Id., at ___.
We did not, however, inquire whether the Free Speech
Clause's application specifically to social media websites
was fundamental or deeply rooted. See also, e.g., Riley v.
California, (2014) (holding, without sepa-
rately considering incorporation, that States' warrantless
search of digital information stored on cell phones ordinar-
ily violates the Fourth Amendment). Similarly here,
regardless of whether application of the Excessive Fines
Clause to civil in rem forfeitures is itself fundamental or
deeply rooted, our conclusion that the Clause is incorpo-
rated remains unchanged.
* * *
For the reasons stated, the judgment of the Indiana
Supreme Court is vacated, and the case is remanded for
further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 1

GORSUCH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 1091
_________________

TYSON TIMBS, PETITIONER v. INDIANA
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME
COURT OF INDIANA
[February 20, 2019]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, concurring.
The majority faithfully applies our precedent and, based
on a wealth of historical evidence, concludes that the
Fourteenth Amendment incorporates the Eighth Amend-
ment's Excessive Fines Clause against the States. I
agree with that conclusion. As an original matter, I
acknowledge, the appropriate vehicle for incorporation
may well be the Fourteenth Amendment's Privileges or
Immunities Clause, rather than, as this Court has long
assumed, the Due Process Clause. See, e.g., post, at 1 -- 3
(THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment); McDonald v. Chica-
go, -- 858 (2010) (THOMAS, J., concurring
in part and concurring in judgment) (documenting evi-
dence that the "privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States" include, at minimum, the individual rights
enumerated in the Bill of Rights); Wildenthal, Nationaliz-
ing the Bill of Rights: Revisiting the Original Understand-
ing of the Fourteenth Amendment in 1866 -- 67, 68 Ohio St.
L. J. 1509 (2007); A. Amar, The Bill of Rights: Creation
and Reconstruction 163 -- 214 (1998); M. Curtis, No State
Shall Abridge: The Fourteenth Amendment and the Bill of
Rights (1986). But nothing in this case turns on that
question, and, regardless of the precise vehicle, there can
be no serious doubt that the Fourteenth Amendment
requires the States to respect the freedom from excessive
fines enshrined in the Eighth Amendment.
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 1091
_________________

TYSON TIMBS, PETITIONER v. INDIANA
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME
COURT OF INDIANA
[February 20, 2019]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring in the judgment.
I agree with the Court that the Fourteenth Amendment
makes the Eighth Amendment's prohibition on excessive
fines fully applicable to the States. But I cannot agree
with the route the Court takes to reach this conclusion.
Instead of reading the Fourteenth Amendment's Due
Process Clause to encompass a substantive right that has
nothing to do with "process," I would hold that the right to
be free from excessive fines is one of the "privileges or
immunities of citizens of the United States" protected by
the Fourteenth Amendment.
I
The Fourteenth Amendment provides that "[n]o State
shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States."
"On its face, this appears to grant... United States citi-
zens a certain collection of rights -- i.e., privileges or im-
munities -- attributable to that status." McDonald v.
Chicago, (2010) (THOMAS, J., concurring
in part and concurring in judgment). But as I have previ-
ously explained, this Court "marginaliz[ed]" the Privileges
or Immunities Clause in the late 19th century by defining
the collection of rights covered by the Clause "quite nar-
rowly." Id., at 808 -- 809. Litigants seeking federal protec-
tion of substantive rights against the States thus needed
2 TIMBS v. INDIANA

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

"an alternative fount of such rights," and this Court "found
one in a most curious place," id., at 809 -- the Fourteenth
Amendment's Due Process Clause, which prohibits "any
State" from "depriv[ing] any person of life, liberty, or
property, without due process of law."
Because this Clause speaks only to "process," the Court
has "long struggled to define" what substantive rights it
protects. McDonald, supra, at 810 (opinion of THOMAS,
J.). The Court ordinarily says, as it does today, that the
Clause protects rights that are "fundamental." Ante, at 2,
3, 7, 9. Sometimes that means rights that are " 'deeply
rooted in this Nation's history and tradition.' " Ante, at 3,
7 ).
Other times, when that formulation proves too restrictive,
the Court defines the universe of "fundamental" rights so
broadly as to border on meaningless. See, e.g., Obergefell
v. Hodges, 576 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2015) ( -- 2)
("rights that allow persons, within a lawful realm, to
define and express their identity"); Planned Parenthood of
Southeastern Pa. v. Casey, (1992) ("At
the heart of liberty is the right to define one's own concept
of existence, of meaning, of the universe, and of the mys-
tery of human life"). Because the oxymoronic "substan-
tive" "due process" doctrine has no basis in the Constitu-
tion, it is unsurprising that the Court has been unable to
adhere to any "guiding principle to distinguish 'fundamen-
tal' rights that warrant protection from nonfundamental
rights that do not." McDonald, supra, at 811 (opinion of
THOMAS, J.). And because the Court's substantive due
process precedents allow the Court to fashion fundamental
rights without any textual constraints, it is equally unsur-
prising that among these precedents are some of the
Court's most notoriously incorrect decisions. E.g., Roe v.
Wade, (1973); Dred Scott v. Sandford, 19
How. 393, 450 (1857).
The present case illustrates the incongruity of the
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

Court's due process approach to incorporating fundamen-
tal rights against the States. Petitioner argues that the
forfeiture of his vehicle is an excessive punishment. He
does not argue that the Indiana courts failed to " 'proceed
according to the "law of the land" -- that is, according to
written constitutional and statutory provisions,' " or that
the State failed to provide "some baseline procedures."
Nelson v. Colorado, 581 U. S. ___, ___, (2017)
(THOMAS, J., dissenting) (, ). His claim
has nothing to do with any "process" "due" him. I there-
fore decline to apply the "legal fiction" of substantive
due process. McDonald, 561 U. S., at 811 (opinion of
THOMAS, J.).
II
When the Fourteenth Amendment was ratified, "the
terms 'privileges' and 'immunities' had an established
meaning as synonyms for 'rights.' " Id., at 813. Those
"rights" were the "inalienable rights" of citizens that had
been "long recognized," and "the ratifying public under-
stood the Privileges or Immunities Clause to protect con-
stitutionally enumerated rights" against interference by
the States. Id., at 822, 837. Many of these rights had
been adopted from English law into colonial charters, then
state constitutions and bills of rights, and finally the
Constitution. "Consistent with their English heritage, the
founding generation generally did not consider many of
the rights identified in [the Bill of Rights] as new entitle-
ments, but as inalienable rights of all men, given legal
effect by their codification in the Constitution's text." Id.,
at 818.
The question here is whether the Eighth Amendment's
prohibition on excessive fines was considered such a right.
The historical record overwhelmingly demonstrates that it
was.
4 TIMBS v. INDIANA

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

A
The Excessive Fines Clause "was taken verbatim from
the English Bill of Rights of 1689," United States v. Ba-
jakajian, (1998), which itself formalized
a longstanding English prohibition on disproportionate
fines. The Charter of Liberties of Henry I, issued in 1101,
stated that "[i]f any of my barons or men shall have com-
mitted an offence he shall not give security to the extent of
forfeiture of his money, as he did in the time of my father,
or of my brother, but according to the measure of the of-
fence so shall he pay...." Sources of English Legal and
Constitutional History ¶8, p. 50 (M. Evans & R. Jack eds.
1984). Expanding this principle, Magna
Carta required that "amercements (the medieval prede-
cessors of fines) should be proportioned to the offense and
that they should not deprive a wrongdoer of his liveli-
hood," Bajakajian, supra, at 335:
"A free man shall be amerced for a small fault only ac-
cording to the measure thereof, and for a great crime
according to its magnitude, saving his position; and in
like manner, a merchant saving his trade, and a vil-
lein saving his tillage, if they should fall under Our
mercy." Magna Carta, ch. 20 (1215), in A. Howard,
Magna Carta: Text & Commentary 42 (rev. ed. 1998).
Similar clauses levying amercements "only in proportion
to the measure of the offense" applied to earls, barons, and
clergymen. Chs. 21 -- 22, ibid. One historian posits that,
due to the prevalence of amercements and their use in
increasing the English treasury, "[v]ery likely there was
no clause in Magna Carta more grateful to the mass of the
people than that about amercements." Pleas of the Crown
for the County of Gloucester xxxiv (F. Maitland ed. 1884).
The principle was reiterated in the First Statute of
Westminster, which provided that no man should "be
amerced, without reasonable cause, and according to the
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

quantity of his Trespass." 3 Edw. I, ch. 6 (1275). The
English courts have long enforced this principle. In one
early case, for example, the King commanded the bailiff
"to take a moderate amercement proper to the magnitude
and manner of th[e] offense, according to the tenour of the
Great Charter of the Liberties of England," and the bailiff
was sued for extorting "a heavier ransom." Le Gras v.
Bailiff of Bishop of Winchester, Y. B. Mich. 10 Edw. II, pl.
4 (1316), reprinted in 52 Selden Society 3, 5 (1934); see
also Richard Godfrey's Case, 11 Co. Rep. 42a, 44a, 77 Eng.
Rep. 1199, 1202 (1615) (excessive fines are "against law").
During the reign of the Stuarts in the period leading up
to the Glorious Revolution of 1688 -- 1689, fines were a
flashpoint "in the constitutional and political struggles
between the king and his parliamentary critics." L.
Schwoerer, The Declaration of Rights, 1689, p. 91 (1981)
(Schwoerer). From 1629 to 1640, Charles I attempted to
govern without convening Parliament, but "in the absence
of parliamentary grants," he needed other ways of raising
revenue. 4 H. Walter, A History of England 135 (1834);
see 1 T. Macaulay, History of England 85 (1899). He thus
turned "to exactions, some odious and obsolete, some of
very questionable legality, and others clearly against law."
1 H. Hallam, Constitutional History of England: From the
Accession of Henry VII to the Death of George II 462
(1827) (Hallam); see 4 Walter, supra, at 135.
The Court of Star Chamber, for instance, "imposed
heavy fines on the king's enemies," Schwoerer 91, in dis-
regard "of the provision of the Great Charter, that no man
shall be amerced even to the full extent of his means...."
2 Hallam 46 -- 47. "[T]he strong interest of th[is] court in
these fines... had a tendency to aggravate the punish-
ment...." 1 id., at 490. "The statute abolishing" the Star
Chamber in 1641 "specifically prohibited any court there-
after from... levying... excessive fines." Schwoerer 91.
"But towards the end of Charles II's reign" in the 1670s
6 TIMBS v. INDIANA

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

and early 1680s, courts again "imposed ruinous fines on
the critics of the crown." Ibid. In 1680, a committee of the
House of Commons "examined the transcripts of all the
fines imposed in King's Bench since 1677" and found that
"the Court of King's Bench, in the Imposition of Fines on
Offenders of late Years, hath acted arbitrarily, illegally,
and partially; favouring Papists and Persons popishly
affected; and excessively oppressing his Majesty's
Protestant Subjects." Ibid.; 9 Journals of the House of
Commons 692 (Dec. 23, 1680). The House of Commons
determined that the actions of the judges of the King's
Bench, particularly the actions of Chief Justice William
Scroggs, had been so contrary to law that it prepared
articles of impeachment against him. The articles alleged
that Scroggs had "most notoriously departed from all
Rules of Justice and Equality, in the Imposition of Fines
upon Persons convicted of Misdemeanors" without "any
Regard to the Nature of the Offences, or the Ability of the
Persons." Id., at 698.
Yet "[o]ver the next few years fines became even more
excessive and partisan." Schwoerer 91. The King's Bench,
presided over by the infamous Chief Justice Jeffreys, fined
Anglican cleric Titus Oates 2,000 marks (among other
punishments) for perjury. Id., at 93. For speaking against
the Duke of York, the sheriff of London was fined £100,000
in 1682, which corresponds to well over $10 million in
present-day dollars1 -- "an amount, which, as it extended to
the ruin of the criminal, was directly contrary to the spirit
of [English] law." The History of England Under the
House of Stuart, pt. 2, p. 801 (1840). The King's Bench
fined Sir Samuel Barnadiston £10,000 for allegedly sedi-
tious letters, a fine that was overturned by the House of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See Currency Converter: 1270 -- 2017 (estimating the 2017 equivalent

of £100,000 in 1680), http://nationalarchives.gov.uk/currency-converter
(as last visited Feb. 8, 2019)
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 7

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

Lords as "exorbitant and excessive." 14 Journals of the
House of Lords 210 (May 14, 1689). Several members of
the committees that would draft the Declaration of
Rights -- which included the prohibition on excessive fines
that was enacted into the English Bill of Rights of 1689 -- 
had themselves "suffered heavy fines." Schwoerer 91 -- 92.
And in 1684, judges in the case of John Hampden held
that Magna Carta did not limit "fines for great offences"
against the King, and imposed a £40,000 fine. Trial of
Hampden, 9 State Trials 1054, 1125 (K. B. 1684); 1 J.
Stephen, A History of the Criminal Law of England 490
(1883).
"Freedom from excessive fines" was considered "indis-
putably an ancient right of the subject," and the Declara-
tion of Rights' indictment against James II "charged that
during his reign judges had imposed excessive fines,
thereby subverting the laws and liberties of the kingdom."
Schwoerer 90. Article 10 of the Declaration declared
"[t]hat excessive Bayle ought not to be required nor exces-
sive fynes imposed nor cruel and unusuall Punishments
inflicted." Id., at 297.
Shortly after the English Bill of Rights was enacted,
Parliament addressed several excessive fines imposed
before the Glorious Revolution. For example, the House of
Lords overturned a £30,000 fine against the Earl of Dev-
onshire as "excessive and exorbitant, against Magna
Charta, the common right of the subject, and against the
law of the land." Case of Earl of Devonshire, 11 State
Trials 1354, 1372 (K. B. 1687). Although the House of
Lords refused to reverse the judgments against Titus
Oates, a minority argued that his punishments were
"contrary to Law and ancient Practice" and violated the
prohibition on "excessive Fines." Harmelin v. Michigan,
(1991); Trial of Oates, 10 State Trials
1080, 1325 (K. B. 1685). The House of Commons passed a
bill to overturn Oates's conviction, and eventually, after a
8 TIMBS v. INDIANA

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

request from Parliament, the King pardoned Oates. Id., at
1329 -- 1330.
Writing a few years before our Constitution was adopted,
Blackstone -- "whose works constituted the preeminent
authority on English law for the founding generation,"
Alden v. Maine, (1999) -- explained that
the prohibition on excessive fines contained in the English
Bill of Rights "had a retrospect to some unprecedented
proceedings in the court of king's bench." 4 W. Blackstone,
Commentaries 372 (1769). Blackstone confirmed that this
prohibition was "only declaratory... of the old constitu-
tional law of the land," which had long "regulated" the
"discretion" of the courts in imposing fines. Ibid.
In sum, at the time of the founding, the prohibition on
excessive fines was a longstanding right of Englishmen.
B
"As English subjects, the colonists considered them-
selves to be vested with the same fundamental rights as
other Englishmen," McDonald, 561 U. S., at 816 (opinion
of THOMAS, J.), including the prohibition on excessive
fines. E.g., J. Dummer, A Defence of the New-England
Charters 16 -- 17 (1721) ("The Subjects Abroad claim the
Privilege of Magna Charta, which says that no Man shall
be fin'd above the Nature of his Offence, and whatever his
Miscarriage be, a Salvo Contenemento suo is to be observ'd
by the Judge"). Thus, the text of the Eighth Amendment
was " 'based directly on... the Virginia Declaration of
Rights,' which 'adopted verbatim the language of the
English Bill of Rights.' " Browning-Ferris Industries of Vt.,
Inc. v. Kelco Disposal, Inc., (1989)
);
see Jones v. Commonwealth, 5 Va. 555, 557 (1799) (opin-
ion of Carrington, J.) (explaining that the clause in the
Virginia Declaration of Rights embodied the traditional
legal understanding that any "fine or amercement ought
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 9

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

to be according to the degree of the fault and the estate of
the defendant").
When the States were considering whether to ratify the
Constitution, advocates for a separate bill of rights em-
phasized the need for an explicit prohibition on excessive
fines mirroring the English prohibition. In colonial times,
fines were "the drudge-horse of criminal justice," "probably
the most common form of punishment." L. Friedman,
Crime and Punishment in American History 38 (1993). To
some, this fact made a constitutional prohibition on exces-
sive fines all the more important. As the well-known Anti-
Federalist Brutus argued in an essay, a prohibition on
excessive fines was essential to "the security of liberty"
and was "as necessary under the general government as
under that of the individual states; for the power of the
former is as complete to the purpose of requiring bail,
imposing fines, inflicting punishments,... and seizing...
property... as the other." Brutus II (Nov. 1, 1787), in The
Complete Bill of Rights 621 (N. Cogan ed. 1997). Similarly,
during Virginia's ratifying convention, Patrick Henry
pointed to Virginia's own prohibition on excessive fines
and said that it would "depart from the genius of your
country" for the Federal Constitution to omit a similar
prohibition. Debate on Virginia Convention (June 14,
1788), in 3 Debates on the Federal Constitution 447 (J.
Elliot 2d ed. 1854). Henry continued: "[W]hen we come to
punishments, no latitude ought to be left, nor dependence
put on the virtue of representatives" to "define punish-
ments without this control." Ibid.
Governor Edmund Randolph responded to Henry, argu-
ing that Virginia's charter was "nothing more than an
investiture, in the hands of the Virginia citizens, of those
rights which belonged to British subjects." Id., at 466.
According to Randolph, "the exclusion of excessive bail and
fines... would follow of itself without a bill of rights," for
such fines would never be imposed absent "corruption in
10 TIMBS v. INDIANA

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

the House of Representatives, Senate, and President," or
judges acting "contrary to justice." Id., at 467 -- 468.
For all the debate about whether an explicit prohibition
on excessive fines was necessary in the Federal Constitu-
tion, all agreed that the prohibition on excessive fines was
a well-established and fundamental right of citizenship.
When the Excessive Fines Clause was eventually consid-
ered by Congress, it received hardly any discussion before
"it was agreed to by a considerable majority." 1 Annals of
Cong. 754 (1789). And when the Bill of Rights was rati-
fied, most of the States had a prohibition on excessive
fines in their constitutions.2
Early commentary on the Clause confirms the wide-
spread agreement about the fundamental nature of the
prohibition on excessive fines. Justice Story, writing a few
decades before the ratification of the Fourteenth Amend-
ment, explained that the Eighth Amendment was "adopted,
as an admonition to all departments of the national
government, to warn them against such violent proceed-
ings, as had taken place in England in the arbitrary reigns
of some of the Stuarts," when "[e]normous fines and
amercements were... sometimes imposed." 3 J. Story,
Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States, pp. 750 -- 751 (1833). Story included the prohibition
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Del. Const., Art. I, (1792), in 1 Federal and State Constitutions

569 (F. Thorpe ed. 1909); Md. Const., Decl. of Rights, Art. XXII (1776),
in 3 id., at 1688; Mass. Const., pt. 1, Art. XXVI (1780), in id., at 1892;
N. H. Const., pt. 1, Art. 1, §XXXIII (1784), in 4 id., at 2457; N. C.
Const., Decl. of Rights, Art. X (1776), in 5 id., at 2788; Pa. Const., Art.
IX, (1790), in id., at 3101; S. C. Const., Art. IX, (1790), in 6 id.,
at 3264; Va. Const., Bill of Rights, (1776), in 7 id., at 3813. Vermont
had a clause specifying that "all fines shall be proportionate to the
offences." Vt. Const., ch. II, §XXIX (1786), in id., at 3759. Georgia's
1777 Constitution had an excessive fines clause, Art. LIX, but its 1789
Constitution did not. And the Northwest Ordinance provided that "[a]ll
fines shall be moderate; and no cruel or unusual punishments inflicted.", Art. 2 (1787)
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 11

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

on excessive fines as a right, along with the "right to bear
arms" and others protected by the Bill of Rights, that
"operates, as a qualification upon powers, actually granted
by the people to the government"; without such a "re-
strict[ion]," the government's "exercise or abuse" of its
power could be "dangerous to the people." Id., at
718 -- 719.
Chancellor Kent likewise described the Eighth Amend-
ment as part of the "right of personal security... guarded
by provisions which have been transcribed into the consti-
tutions in this country from magna carta, and other fun-
damental acts of the English Parliament." 2 J. Kent,
Commentaries on American Law 9 (1827). He understood
the Eighth Amendment to "guard against abuse and op-
pression," and emphasized that "the constitutions of al-
most every state in the Unio[n] contain the same declara-
tions in substance, and nearly in the same language."
Ibid. Accordingly, "they must be regarded as fundamental
doctrines in every state, for all the colonies were parties to
the national declaration of rights in 1774, in which the...
rights and liberties of English subjects were peremptorily
claimed as their undoubted inheritance and birthright."
Ibid.; accord, W. Rawle, A View of the Constitution of the
United States of America 125 (1825) (describing the prohi-
bition on excessive fines as "founded on the plainest prin-
ciples of justice").
C
The prohibition on excessive fines remained fundamen-
tal at the time of the Fourteenth Amendment. In 1868, 35
of 37 state constitutions "expressly prohibited excessive
fines." Ante, at 5. Nonetheless, as the Court notes, abuses
of fines continued, especially through the Black Codes
adopted in several States. Ante, at 5 -- 6. The "centerpiece"
of the Codes was their "attempt to stabilize the black work
force and limit its economic options apart from plantation
12 TIMBS v. INDIANA

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

labor." E. Foner, Reconstruction: America's Unfinished
Revolution 1863 -- 1877, p. 199 (1988). Under the Codes,
"the state would enforce labor agreements and plantation
discipline, punish those who refused to contract, and
prevent whites from competing among themselves for
black workers." Ibid. The Codes also included " 'antien-
ticement' measures punishing anyone offering higher
wages to an employee already under contract." Id., at 200.
The 39th Congress focused on these abuses during its
debates over the Fourteenth Amendment, the Civil Rights
Act of 1866, and the Freedmen's Bureau Act. During
those well-publicized debates, Members of Congress con-
sistently highlighted and lamented the "severe penalties"
inflicted by the Black Codes and similar measures, Cong.
Globe, 39th Cong., 1st Sess., 474 (1866) (Sen. Trumbull),
suggesting that the prohibition on excessive fines was
understood to be a basic right of citizenship.
For example, under Mississippi law, adult "freedmen,
free negroes and mulattoes" "without lawful employment"
faced $50 in fines and 10 days' imprisonment for vagrancy.
Reports of Assistant Commissioners of Freedmen, and
Synopsis of Laws on Persons of Color in Late Slave States,
S. Exec. Doc. No. 6, 39th Cong., 2d Sess., p. 192 (1867).
Those convicted had five days to pay or they would be
arrested and leased to "any person who will, for the short-
est period of service, pay said fine and forfeiture and all
costs.", ibid. Members of Congress criticized such laws
"for selling [black] men into slavery in punishment of
crimes of the slightest magnitude." Cong. Globe, 39th
Cong., 1st Sess., 1123 (1866) (Rep. Cook); see id., at 1124
("It is idle to say these men will be protected by the
States").
Similar examples abound. One congressman noted that
Alabama's "aristocratic and anti-republican laws, almost
reenacting slavery, among other harsh inflictions impose... a fine of fifty dollars and six months' imprisonment on
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2019) 13

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

any servant or laborer (white or black) who loiters away
his time or is stubborn or refractory." Id., at 1621 (Rep.
Myers). He also noted that Florida punished vagrants
with "a fine not exceeding $500 and imprison[ment] for a
term not exceeding twelve months, or by being sold for a
term not exceeding twelve months, at the discretion of the
court." Ibid. At the time, such fines would have been
ruinous for laborers. Cf. id., at 443 (Sen. Howe) ("A thou-
sand dollars! That sells a negro for his life").
These and other examples of excessive fines from the
historical record informed the Nation's consideration of
the Fourteenth Amendment. Even those opposed to civil-
rights legislation understood the Privileges or Immunities
Clause to guarantee those "fundamental principles" "fixed"
by the Constitution, including "immunity from... exces-
sive fines." 2 Cong. Rec. 384 -- 385 (1874) (Rep. Mills); see
also id., at App. 241 (Sen. Norwood). And every post-1855
state constitution banned excessive fines. S. Calabresi &
S. Agudo, Individual Rights Under State Constitutions
When the Fourteenth Amendment Was Ratified in 1868,
87 Texas L. Rev. 7, 82 (2008). The attention given to
abusive fines at the time of the Fourteenth Amendment,
along with the ubiquity of state excessive-fines provisions,
demonstrates that the public continued to understand the
prohibition on excessive fines to be a fundamental right of
American citizenship.
* * *
The right against excessive fines traces its lineage back
in English law nearly a millennium, and from the found-
ing of our country, it has been consistently recognized as a
core right worthy of constitutional protection. As a consti-
tutionally enumerated right understood to be a privilege of
American citizenship, the Eighth Amendment's prohibi-
tion on excessive fines applies in full to the States.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
Faced with a budget shortfall, Mount Lemmon Fire
District, a political subdivision in Arizona, laid off its two
oldest full-time firefighters, John Guido (then 46) and
Dennis Rankin (then 54). Guido and Rankin sued the Fire
District, alleging that their termination violated the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (ADEA), 81
Stat. 602, as amended, 29 U. S. C. et seq. The Fire
District sought dismissal of the suit on the ground that the
District was too small to qualify as an "employer" within
the ADEA's compass. The Act's controlling definitional
provision, 29 U. S. C., reads:
"The term 'employer' means a person engaged in an
industry affecting commerce who has twenty or more
employees.... The term also means (1) any agent of
such a person, and (2) a State or political subdivision
of a State...."
The question presented: Does the ADEA's numerosity
specification (20 or more employees), applicable to "a
person engaged in an industry affecting commerce," apply
as well to state entities (including state political subdivi-
2 MOUNT LEMMON FIRE DIST. v. GUIDO

Opinion of the Court

sions)? We hold, in accord with the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, that 's two-sentence
delineation, and the expression "also means" at the start
of the second sentence, combine to establish separate
categories: persons engaged in an industry affecting com-
merce with 20 or more employees; and States or political
subdivisions with no attendant numerosity limitation.
"[T]wenty or more employees" is confining language, but
the confinement is tied to 's first sentence, and does
not limit the ADEA's governance of the employment prac-
tices of States and political subdivisions thereof.
I
Initially, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 78
Stat. 253, as amended, 42 U. S. C. et seq., which
prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, and national origin, applied solely to
private sector employers. The same was true of the
ADEA, enacted three years later to protect workers
against "arbitrary age discrimination." 29 U. S. C.. As originally enacted, both Title VII and the
ADEA imposed liability on "employer[s]," defined in both
statutes to include "a person engaged in an industry af-
fecting commerce" whose employees met a numerical
threshold, but specifically to exclude governmental enti-
ties. 78 Stat. 253 (Title VII); 81 Stat. 605 (ADEA).
In 1972, Congress amended Title VII to reach state and
local employers. Under the revised provision of Title VII,
"[t]he term 'person' includes one or more individuals,
governments, governmental agencies, [and] political sub-
divisions," also certain other specified entities, and "[t]he
term 'employer' means a person engaged in an industry
affecting commerce who has fifteen or more employees...." 42 U. S. C. -- (b). For this purpose, amended
Title VII defines "industry affecting commerce" to "in-
clud[e] any governmental industry, business, or activity."
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court. The 1972 amendment to Title VII thereby
extended the statute's coverage to state and local govern-
ment entities by defining them as "person[s]." In turn, as
"person[s]," these entities meet Title VII's definition of
"employer" and are subject to liability only if they have at
least 15 employees.1
Two years later, in 1974, Congress amended the ADEA
to cover state and local governments. Unlike in Title VII,
where Congress added such entities to the definition of
"person," in the ADEA, Congress added them directly to
the definition of "employer." Thus, since 1974, the ADEA's
key definitional provision has read:
"The term 'employer' means a person engaged in an
industry affecting commerce who has twenty or more
employees.... The term also means (1) any agent of
such a person, and (2) a State or political subdivision
of a State...." 29 U. S. C..
In the same 1974 enactment, Congress amended the Fair
Labor Standards Act (FLSA), on which parts of the ADEA
had been modeled, to reach all government employers
regardless of their size. See 88 Stat. 58, 29 U. S. C., (x).
The parties dispute the proper reading of the ADEA
following the 1974 amendment. Does "also means" add
new categories to the definition of "employer," or does it
merely clarify that States and their political subdivisions
are a type of "person" included in 's first sentence?
If the former, state and local governments are covered by
the ADEA regardless of whether they have as many as 20
employees. If the latter, they are covered only if they have
at least 20 employees. Federal courts have divided on this
question. Compare Kelly v. Wauconda Park Dist., 801
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 defines "employer" in

materially the same way as Title VII and accords "person... the same
meaning" as in Title VII. 42 U. S. C., (7).
4 MOUNT LEMMON FIRE DIST. v. GUIDO

Opinion of the Court

F. 2d 269 (CA7 1986) (state and local governments are
covered by the ADEA only if they have at least 20 employ-
ees); Cink v. Grant County, 635 Fed. Appx. 470 (CA10
2015) (same); Palmer v. Arkansas Council on Economic
Educ., 154 F. 3d 892 (CA8 1998) (same); EEOC v. Monclova,
920 F. 2d 360 (CA6 1990) (same), with this case, 859 F. 3d
1168 (CA9 2017) (state and local governments are covered
by the ADEA regardless of their number of employees).
We granted certiorari to resolve the conflict. 583 U. S. __
(2018).
II
For several reasons, we conclude that the words "also
means" in add new categories of employers to the
ADEA's reach. First and foremost, the ordinary meaning
of "also means" is additive rather than clarifying. As the
Ninth Circuit explained, " 'also' is a term of enhancement;
it means 'in addition; besides' and 'likewise; too.' " 859
F. 3d, at 1171 ). Indeed, reading "also" additively to create
a separate category of "employer" seemed to this Court
altogether fitting in EEOC v. Wyoming, 
(1983). There, we held that applying the ADEA to state
and local governments does not encroach on States' sover-
eignty or Tenth Amendment immunity. Id., at 240 -- 242.
In the course of so holding, we described the 1974 ADEA
amendment as "extend[ing] the substantive prohibitions of
the Act to employers having at least 20 workers [as op-
posed to 25 in the original version], and to the Federal and
State Governments." Id., at 233. In this
regard, we note, it is undisputed that the ADEA covers
Federal Government entities, which our opinion in Wyo-
ming grouped with state entities, regardless of the number
of workers they employ. 29 U. S. C..
Instructive as well, the phrase "also means" occurs
dozens of times throughout the U. S. Code, typically carry-
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

ing an additive meaning. See Brief for Respondents 11 -- 
13, and (collecting citations). For example, 12 U. S. C.
-- 1(i)(4), provides:
"[T]he term 'elderly families' means families which
consist of two or more persons the head of which (or
his spouse) is sixty-two years of age or over or is hand-
icapped. Such term also means a single person who is
sixty-two years of age or over or is handicapped."
"[A] single person" plainly adds to, rather than clarifies,
the preceding statutory delineation, "two or more per-
sons." Just so with States and their political subdivisions
in the ADEA's definition of "employer." Notably, in
-- 1(i)(4), Congress repeated the "sixty-two years of
age or over or is handicapped" qualifier to render it appli-
cable to "a single person." In the ADEA, by contrast,
Congress did not repeat the "twenty or more employees"
qualifier when referencing state and local government
entities. This Court is not at liberty to insert the absent
qualifier.
Furthermore, the text of pairs States and their
political subdivisions with agents, a discrete category that,
beyond doubt, carries no numerical limitation. See Tr. of
Oral Arg. 55 -- 56. The Fire District does not gainsay that
the 20-employee restriction applies to 's first sen-
tence. Its construction, however, would lift that re-
striction for the agent portion of the second sentence, and
then reimpose it for the portion of that sentence address-
ing States and their political subdivisions. We resist a
reading so strange.2
The Fire District presses the argument that the ADEA
should be interpreted in line with Title VII, which, as
noted supra, at 3, applies to state and local governments

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 We need not linger over possible applications of the agent clause, for

no question of agent liability is before us in this case.
6 MOUNT LEMMON FIRE DIST. v. GUIDO

Opinion of the Court

only if they meet a numerosity specification. True, read-
ing the ADEA as written to apply to States and political
subdivisions regardless of size gives the ADEA, in this
regard, a broader reach than Title VII. But this disparity
is a consequence of the different language Congress chose
to employ. See Gross v. FBL Financial Services, Inc., (2009) (differences between Title VII's and
the ADEA's language should not be ignored). The better
comparator is the FLSA, on which many aspects of the
ADEA are based. See 29 U. S. C. (ADEA incorpo-
rates the "powers, remedies, and procedures" of the
FLSA). Like the FLSA, the ADEA ranks States and polit-
ical subdivisions as "employer[s]" regardless of the number
of employees they have.
The Fire District warns that applying the ADEA to
small public entities risks curtailment of vital public
services such as fire protection. Experience suggests
otherwise. For 30 years, the Equal Employment Oppor-
tunity Commission has consistently interpreted the ADEA
as we do today. EEOC Compliance Manual: Threshold
Issues -- III(B)(1)(a)(i), and. See also Kelly, 801
F. 2d, at 270,. And a majority of States forbid age
discrimination by political subdivisions of any size; some
15 of these States subject private sector employers to age
discrimination proscriptions only if they employ at least a
threshold number of workers. See Brief for Respondents
28 -- 29, and (collecting citations). No untoward service
shrinkages have been documented.
In short, the text of the ADEA's definitional provision,
also its kinship to the FLSA and differences from Title
VII, leave scant room for doubt that state and local gov-
ernments are "employer[s]" covered by the ADEA regard-
less of their size.
* * *
For the reasons stated, the judgment of the Court of
 Cite as: 586 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is
Affirmed.
JUSTICE KAVANAUGH took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN joins,
dissenting from denial of the application to vacate stay.
I would grant the application to vacate the Eighth Cir-
cuit's stay because last-minute "[c]ourt orders affecting
elections, especially conflicting orders, can themselves
result in voter confusion and consequent incentive to
remain away from the polls." Purcell v. Gonzalez, -- 5 (2006) (per curiam). The risk of voter confu-
sion appears severe here because the injunction against
requiring residential-address identification was in force
during the primary election and because the Secretary of
State's website announced for months the ID require-
ments as they existed under that injunction. Reasonable
voters may well assume that the IDs allowing them to vote
in the primary election would remain valid in the general
election. If the Eighth Circuit's stay is not vacated, the
risk of disfranchisement is large. The Eighth Circuit
observed that voters have a month to "adapt" to the new
regime. But that observation overlooks specific factfind-
ings by the District Court: (1) 70,000 North Dakota resi-
2 BRAKEBILL v. JAEGER

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

dents -- almost 20% of the turnout in a regular quadren-
nial election -- lack a qualifying ID; and (2) approximately
18,000 North Dakota residents also lack supplemental
documentation sufficient to permit them to vote without a
qualifying ID. Although the unchallenged portion of the
injunction permitting the use of more informal supple-
mental documents somewhat lessens this concern, that
relief, by itself, scarcely cures the problem given the all too
real risk of grand-scale voter confusion. True, an order by
this Court vacating the stay would be yet another decision
that disrupts the status quo as the election draws ever
closer. But the confusion arising from vacating the stay
would at most lead to voters securing an additional form of
ID. That inconvenience pales in comparison to the confu-
sion caused by the Eighth Circuit's order, which may lead
to voters finding out at the polling place that they cannot
vote because their formerly valid ID is now insufficient.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
When foreign law is relevant to a case instituted in a
federal court, and the foreign government whose law is in
contention submits an official statement on the meaning
and interpretation of its domestic law, may the federal
court look beyond that official statement? The Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit answered generally "no,"
ruling that federal courts are "bound to defer" to a foreign
government's construction of its own law, whenever that
construction is "reasonable." In re Vitamin C Antitrust
Litigation, 837 F. 3d 175, 189 (2016).
We hold otherwise. A federal court should accord re-
spectful consideration to a foreign government's submis-
sion, but is not bound to accord conclusive effect to the
foreign government's statements. Instead, Federal Rule of
Civil Procedure 44.1 instructs that, in determining foreign
law, "the court may consider any relevant material or
source... whether or not submitted by a party." As "[t]he
court's determination must be treated as a ruling on a
question of law," Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 44.1, the court "may
2 ANIMAL SCIENCE PRODUCTS, INC. v.
HEBEI WELCOME PHARMACEUTICAL CO.
Opinion of the Court

engage in its own research and consider any relevant
material thus found," Advisory Committee's 1966 Note on
Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 44.1, 28 U. S. C. App., p. 892 (herein-
after Advisory Committee's Note). Because the Second
Circuit ordered dismissal of this case on the ground that
the foreign government's statements could not be gainsaid,
we vacate that court's judgment and remand the case for
further consideration.
I
Petitioners, U. S.-based purchasers of vitamin C (here-
inafter U. S. purchasers), filed a class-action suit against
four Chinese corporations that manufacture and export
the nutrient (hereinafter Chinese sellers). The U. S.
purchasers alleged that the Chinese sellers, two of whom
are respondents here, had agreed to fix the price and
quantity of vitamin C exported to the United States from
China, in violation of of the Sherman Act, 15 U. S. C.. More particularly, the U. S. purchasers stated that the
Chinese sellers had formed a cartel "facilitated by the
efforts of their trade association," the Chamber of Com-
merce of Medicines and Health Products Importers and
Exporters (Chamber). Complaint in No. 1:05 -- CV -- 453,
Docket No. 1, ¶43. The Judicial Panel on Multidistrict
Litigation consolidated the instant case and related suits
for pretrial proceedings in the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of New York.
The Chinese sellers moved to dismiss the U. S. pur-
chasers' complaint on the ground that Chinese law required
them to fix the price and quantity of vitamin C exports.
Therefore, the Chinese sellers urged, they are shielded
from liability under U. S. antitrust law by the act of state
doctrine, the foreign sovereign compulsion doctrine, and
principles of international comity. The Ministry of Com-
merce of the People's Republic of China (Ministry) filed a
brief as amicus curiae in support of the Chinese sellers'
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

motion. The Ministry's brief stated that the Ministry is
"the highest administrative authority in China authorized
to regulate foreign trade," App. to Pet. for Cert. 190a; that
the Chamber is "an entity under the Ministry's direct and
active supervision" and is authorized to regulate vitamin
C exports, id., at 196a; and that the conspiracy in re-
straint of trade alleged by the U. S. purchasers was in fact
"a regulatory pricing regime mandated by the government
of China," id., at 197a. 1
In response, the U. S. purchasers disputed that Chinese
law required the Chinese sellers to engage in price fixing.
Among other things, the U. S. purchasers noted that the
Ministry had not identified any written law or regulation

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The Ministry told the District Court: For much of the 20th century,
China allowed only state-owned entities to export products. App. to
Pet. for Cert. 198a. When China started to allow private enterprises to
obtain export licenses, the Ministry established the Chamber to regu-
late exports under the Ministry's authority and direction. Ibid.
In 1997, the Ministry authorized the establishment of the Chamber's
Vitamin C Subcommittee. Id., at 202a. That year, the Ministry prom-
ulgated a regulation authorizing and requiring the subcommittee to
limit the production of vitamin C for export and to set export prices.
Id., at 202a -- 204a. Under the regulation delineating this "Export
Licensing System," the Ministry issued export licenses only to manufac-
turers whose export volume and price complied with the output quota
and price coordinated by the Vitamin C Subcommittee. Id., at 204a.
In 2002, the Ministry replaced the Export Licensing System with a
"Verification and Chop System." Id., at 208a. As set forth in a 2002
Ministry Notice, the Chamber itself -- instead of the Ministry -- would
inspect each export contract and certify its compliance with the coordi-
nated quotas and price by affixing a special seal, known as a "chop."
Id., at 208a -- 209a. China's Customs would allow export only if the
exporter presented its contract bearing the Chamber's "chop." Id., at
209a. According to the Ministry, it was implicit in this arrangement
that vitamin C exporters would remain under an obligation to fix prices
and volumes. Id., at 208a.
The effect of China's regime on the Chinese sellers' liability under the
Sherman Act, we note, is not an issue before the Court today.
4 ANIMAL SCIENCE PRODUCTS, INC. v.
HEBEI WELCOME PHARMACEUTICAL CO.
Opinion of the Court

expressly ordering the Chinese sellers' price agreement. 2
They also highlighted a Chamber announcement that the
manufacturers "were able to reach a self-regulated agree-
ment... whereby they would voluntarily control the
quantity and pace of exports... without any government
intervention." App. 109. In addition, the U. S. purchasers
presented expert testimony that the Chinese Govern-
ment's authorization of a Vitamin C Subcommittee within
the Chamber did not necessarily mean that the subcom-
mittee's price fixing was mandated by law.
The District Court denied the Chinese sellers' motion to
dismiss the complaint in relevant part. In re Vitamin C
Antitrust Litigation, 584 F. Supp. 2d 546, 559 (EDNY
2008). That court acknowledged that the Ministry's ami-
cus brief was "entitled to substantial deference." Id., at
557. The court, however, did not regard the Ministry's
statements as "conclusive," emphasizing particularly that
the U. S. purchasers had submitted evidence suggesting
that the price fixing was voluntary. Ibid. The record, the
District Court determined, was "too ambiguous to foreclose
further inquiry into the voluntariness of [the Chinese
sellers'] actions." Id., at 559.
After further discovery, focused on whether Chinese law
compelled the Chinese sellers to enter into a price-fixing
agreement, the Chinese sellers moved for summary judg-
ment. See In re Vitamin C Antitrust Litigation, 810
F. Supp. 2d 522, 525 -- 526 (EDNY 2011). The Ministry
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The complaint, the U. S. purchasers emphasized, was directed only

at conduct occurring after December 2001. As they understood the
Ministry's 2002 Notice, see supra, at 3, vitamin C exporters could
have lawfully opted out of price fixing. Beyond that, the Vitamin C
Subcommittee had replaced its 1997 Charter with a new 2002 Charter,
App. 182 -- 197, which eliminated the 1997 Charter's requirement that
subcommittee members "[s]trictly execute" the "coordinated price" set
by the Chamber, compare id., at 85, with id., at 185, and granted
members an express "[r]igh[t]" to "freely resign from the Subcommit-
tee," id., at 186.
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

submitted an additional statement, reiterating that "the
Ministry specifically charged the Chamber... with the
authority and responsibility... for regulating, through
consultation, the price of vitamin C manufactured for
export." App. 133. The Chinese sellers tendered expert
testimony in accord with the Ministry's account, which
stressed that the Ministry's "interpretation of its own
regulations and policies carries decisive weight under
Chinese law." Id., at 142. The U. S. purchasers, in re-
sponse, cited further materials supporting their opposing
view, including China's statement to the World Trade
Organization (WTO) that it "gave up export administra-
tion of... vitamin C" in 2002. 810 F. Supp. 2d, at 532. Denying the Chinese
sellers' motion for summary judgment, the District Court
held that Chinese law did not require the sellers to fix the
price or quantity of vitamin C exports. Id., at 525.
The case was then tried to a jury, which returned a
verdict for the U. S. purchasers. The jury found that the
Chinese sellers had agreed to fix the prices and quantities
of vitamin C exports, see App. to Pet. for Cert. 276a -- 279a,
and further found that the Chinese sellers were not "actu-
ally compelled" by China to enter into those agreements,
id., at 278a. In accord with the jury's verdict, the District
Court entered judgment for the U. S. purchasers, award-
ing some $147 million in treble damages and enjoining the
Chinese sellers from further violations of the Sherman
Act.
The Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed,
holding that the District Court erred in denying the Chi-
nese sellers' motion to dismiss the complaint. In re Vita-
min C Antitrust Litigation, 837 F. 3d 175, 178, 195 -- 196
(2016). The Court of Appeals determined that the propri-
ety of dismissal hinged on whether the Chinese sellers
could adhere to both Chinese law and U. S. antitrust law.
See id., at 186. That question, in turn, depended on "the
6 ANIMAL SCIENCE PRODUCTS, INC. v.
HEBEI WELCOME PHARMACEUTICAL CO.
Opinion of the Court

amount of deference" owed to the Ministry's characteriza-
tion of Chinese law. Ibid. Cognizant of "competing au-
thority" on this question, ibid., the Court of Appeals set-
tled on a highly deferential rule: "[W]hen a foreign
government, acting through counsel or otherwise, directly
participates in U. S. court proceedings by providing a
[statement] regarding the construction and effect of [the
foreign government's] laws and regulations, which is
reasonable under the circumstances presented, a U. S.
court is bound to defer to those statements," id., at 189.
The appeals court "note[d] that[,] if the Chinese Govern-
ment had not appeared in this litigation, the [D]istrict
[C]ourt's careful and thorough treatment of the evidence
before it in analyzing what Chinese law required at both
the motion to dismiss and summary judgment stages
would have been entirely appropriate." Id., at 191,.
Applying its highly deferential rule, the Court of Ap-
peals concluded that the Ministry's account of Chinese law
was "reasonable." In so concluding, the Court of Appeals
inspected only the Ministry's brief and sources cited therein.
Id., at 189 -- 190. Because it thought that "a U. S. court
[must] not embark on a challenge to a foreign govern-
ment's official representation," id., at 189, the Court of
Appeals disregarded the submissions made by the U. S.
purchasers casting doubt on the Ministry's account of
Chinese law, id., at 189 -- 190. Based solely on the Minis-
try's statements, the Court of Appeals held that "Chinese
law required [the Chinese sellers] to engage in activities in
China that constituted antitrust violations here in the
United States." Ibid.
We granted certiorari to resolve a Circuit conflict over
this question: Is a federal court determining foreign law
under Rule 44.1 required to treat as conclusive a submis-
sion from the foreign government describing its own law?
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

583 U. S. ___ (2018). 3
II
At common law, the content of foreign law relevant to a
dispute was treated "as a question of fact." Miller, Federal
Rule 44.1 and the "Fact" Approach to Determining Foreign
Law: Death Knell for a Die-Hard Doctrine, 65 Mich.
L. Rev. 613, 617 -- 619 (1967) (Miller). In 1801, this Court
endorsed the common-law rule, instructing that "the laws
of a foreign nation" must be "proved as facts." Talbot v.
Seeman, 1 Cranch 1, 38 (1801); see, e.g., Church v. Hub-
bart, 2 Cranch 187, 236 (1804) ("Foreign laws are well
understood to be facts."). Ranking questions of foreign law
as questions of fact, however, "had a number of undesir-
able practical consequences." 9A C. Wright & A. Miller,
Federal Practice and Procedure, p. 324 (3d ed. 2008)
(Wright & Miller). Foreign law "had to be raised in the
pleadings" and proved "in accordance with the rules of
evidence." Ibid. Appellate review was deferential and
limited to the record made in the trial court. Ibid.; see
also Miller 623.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 44.1, adopted in 1966,
fundamentally changed the mode of determining foreign
law in federal courts. The Rule specifies that a court's

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Compare In re Vitamin C Antitrust Litigation, 837 F. 3d 175 (CA2

2016) (case below), with In re Oil Spill by Amoco Cadiz, 954 F. 2d 1279,
1311 -- 1313 (CA7 1992) (adopting French Government's interpretation
of French law, but only after considering all of the circumstances,
including the French Government's statements in other contexts);
United States v. McNab, 331 F. 3d 1228, 1239 -- 1242 (CA11 2003)
(noting Honduran Government's shift in position on the question of
Honduran law and determining that the original position stated the
proper interpretation); McKesson HBOC, Inc. v. Islamic Republic of
Iran, 271 F. 3d 1101, 1108 -- 1109 (CADC 2001), vacated in part on other
grounds, 320 F. 3d 280 (CADC 2003) (declining to adopt the view of
Iranian law advanced by Iranian Government because it was not
supported by the affidavits submitted by Iran's experts).
8 ANIMAL SCIENCE PRODUCTS, INC. v.
HEBEI WELCOME PHARMACEUTICAL CO.
Opinion of the Court

determination of foreign law "must be treated as a ruling
on a question of law," rather than as a finding of fact. 4
Correspondingly, in ascertaining foreign law, courts are
not limited to materials submitted by the parties; instead,
they "may consider any relevant material or source...,
whether or not... admissible under the Federal Rules of
Evidence." Ibid. Appellate review, as is true of domestic
law determinations, is de novo. Advisory Committee's
Note, at 892. Rule 44.1 frees courts "to reexamine and
amplify material... presented by counsel in partisan
fashion or in insufficient detail." Ibid. The "obvious"
purpose of the changes Rule 44.1 ordered was "to make
the process of determining alien law identical with the
method of ascertaining domestic law to the extent that it
is possible to do so." Wright & Miller, at 338 -- 342.
Federal courts deciding questions of foreign law under
Rule 44.1 are sometimes provided with the views of the
relevant foreign government, as they were in this case
through the amicus brief of the Ministry. See supra, at 2 -- 
3. As the Court of Appeals correctly observed, Rule 44.1
does not address the weight a federal court determining
foreign law should give to the views presented by the
foreign government. See 837 F. 3d, at 187. Nor does any
other rule or statute. In the spirit of "international comity,"
Société Nationale Industrielle Aérospatiale v. United
States Dist. Court for Southern Dist. of Iowa, and (1987), a federal court should carefully
consider a foreign state's views about the meaning of its
own laws. See United States v. McNab, 331 F. 3d 1228,
1241 (CA11 2003); cf. Bodum USA, Inc. v. La Cafetière,
Inc., 621 F. 3d 624, 638 -- 639 (CA7 2010) (Wood, J., concur-
ring). But the appropriate weight in each case will depend
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 26.1 establishes "substantially

the same" rule for criminal cases. Advisory Committee's 1966 Note on
Fed. Rule Crim. Proc. 26.1, 18 U. S. C. App., p. 709.
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

upon the circumstances; a federal court is neither bound to
adopt the foreign government's characterization nor re-
quired to ignore other relevant materials. When a foreign
government makes conflicting statements, see supra, at 5,
or, as here, offers an account in the context of litigation,
there may be cause for caution in evaluating the foreign
government's submission.
Given the world's many and diverse legal systems, and
the range of circumstances in which a foreign govern-
ment's views may be presented, no single formula or rule
will fit all cases in which a foreign government describes
its own law. Relevant considerations include the state-
ment's clarity, thoroughness, and support; its context and
purpose; the transparency of the foreign legal system; the
role and authority of the entity or official offering the
statement; and the statement's consistency with the for-
eign government's past positions.
Judged in this light, the Court of Appeals erred in deem-
ing the Ministry's submission binding, so long as facially
reasonable. That unyielding rule is inconsistent with Rule
44.1 (determination of an issue of foreign law "must be
treated as a ruling on a question of law"; court may con-
sider "any relevant material or source") and, tellingly,
with this Court's treatment of analogous submissions from
States of the United States. If the relevant state law is
established by a decision of "the State's highest court,"
that decision is "binding on the federal courts." Wain-
wright v. Goode, (1983) (per curiam); see
Mullaney v. Wilbur, (1975). But views
of the State's attorney general, while attracting "respectful
consideration," do not garner controlling weight. Arizo-
nans for Official English v. Arizona, -- 77,
(1997); see, e.g., Virginia v. American Booksellers
Assn., Inc., -- 396 (1988). Furthermore,
because the Court of Appeals riveted its attention on the
Ministry's submission, it did not address other evidence,
10 ANIMAL SCIENCE PRODUCTS, INC. v.
HEBEI WELCOME PHARMACEUTICAL CO.
Opinion of the Court

including, for example, China's statement to the WTO that
China had "g[i]ve[n] up export administration... of vita-
min C" at the end of 2001. 810 F. Supp. 2d, at 532 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). 5
The Court of Appeals also misperceived this Court's
decision in United States v. Pink, (1942).
See 837 F. 3d, at 186 -- 187, 189. Pink, properly compre-
hended, is not compelling authority for the attribution of
controlling weight to the Ministry's brief. We note, first,
that Pink was a pre-Rule 44.1 decision. Second, Pink
arose in unusual circumstances. Pink was an action
brought by the United States to recover assets of the U. S.
branch of a Russian insurance company that had been
nationalized in 1918, after the Russian revolution. 315
U. S., at 210 -- 211. In 1933, the Soviet Government as-
signed the nationalized assets located in this country to
the United States. Id., at 211 -- 212. The disposition of the
case turned on the extraterritorial effect of the nationali-
zation decree -- specifically, whether the decree reached
assets of the Russian insurance company located in the
United States, or was instead limited to property in Rus-
sia. Id., at 213 -- 215, 217. To support the position that the
decree reached all of the company's assets, the United
States obtained an "official declaration of the Commissar-
iat for Justice" of the Russian Socialist Federal Soviet
Republic. Id., at 218. The declaration certified that the
nationalization decree reached "the funds and property of
former insurance companies... irrespective of whether
[they were] situated within the territorial limits of [Rus-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The Court of Appeals additionally mischaracterized the Ministry's

brief as a "sworn evidentiary proffer." 837 F. 3d, at 189. In so describ-
ing the Ministry's submission, the Court of Appeals overlooked that a
court's resolution of an issue of foreign law "must be treated as a ruling
on a question of law." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 44.1. The Ministry's brief,
while a probative source for resolving the legal question at hand, was
not an attestation to facts.
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

sia] or abroad." Id., at 220. This Court determined that "the evidence sup-
ported [a] finding" that "the Commissariat for Justice
ha[d] power to interpret existing Russian law." Ibid.
"That being true," the Court concluded, the "official decla-
ration [wa]s conclusive so far as the intended extraterrito-
rial effect of the Russian decree [wa]s concerned." Ibid.
This Court's treatment of the Commissariat's submis-
sion as conclusive rested on a document obtained by the
United States, through official "diplomatic channels." Id.,
at 218. There was no indication that the declaration was
inconsistent with the Soviet Union's past statements.
Indeed, the Court emphasized that the declaration was
consistent with expert evidence in point. See ibid. That
the Commissariat's declaration was deemed "conclusive"
in the circumstances Pink presented scarcely suggests
that all submissions by a foreign government are entitled
to the same weight.
The Court of Appeals also reasoned that a foreign gov-
ernment's characterization of its own laws should be
afforded "the same respect and treatment that we would
expect our government to receive in comparable matters."
837 F. 3d, at 189. The concern for reciprocity is sound, but
it does not warrant the Court of Appeals' judgment. In-
deed, the United States, historically, has not argued that
foreign courts are bound to accept its characterizations or
precluded from considering other relevant sources. 6
The understanding that a government's expressed view
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The Chinese sellers assert, see Supp. Brief for Respondents 7 -- 8,
that the United States sought a greater degree of deference in a 2002
submission to a World Trade Organization panel. In fact, the submis-
sion acknowledged that "the Panel is not bound to accept the interpre-
tation [of U. S. law] presented by the United States." Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 29, (1) of the
Uruguay Round Agreements Act, WT/DS221 ¶11 (Mar. 8, 2002)).
12 ANIMAL SCIENCE PRODUCTS, INC. v.
HEBEI WELCOME PHARMACEUTICAL CO.
Opinion of the Court

of its own law is ordinarily entitled to substantial but not
conclusive weight is also consistent with two international
treaties that establish formal mechanisms by which one
government may obtain from another an official statement
characterizing its laws. Those treaties specify that "[t]he
information given in the reply shall not bind the judicial
authority from which the request emanated." European
Convention on Information on Foreign Law, Art. 8, June 7,
1968, 720 U. N. T. S. 154; see Inter-American Convention
on Proof of and Information on Foreign Law, Art. 6, May
8, 1979, O. A. S. T. S. 1439 U. N. T. S. 111 (similar). Al-
though the United States is not a party to those treaties,
they reflect an international practice inconsistent with the
Court of Appeals' "binding, if reasonable" resolution.
* * *
Because the Court of Appeals concluded that the Dis-
trict Court was bound to defer to the Ministry's brief, the
court did not consider the shortcomings the District Court
identified in the Ministry's position or other aspects of "the
[D]istrict [C]ourt's careful and thorough treatment of the
evidence before it." 837 F. 3d, at 191,. The correct
interpretation of Chinese law is not before this Court, and
we take no position on it. But the materials identified by
the District Court were at least relevant to the weight the
Ministry's submissions should receive and to the question
whether Chinese law required the Chinese sellers' con-
duct. We therefore vacate the judgment of the Court of
Appeals and remand the case for renewed consideration
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

============================================================

JUSTICE GINSBURG delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case concerns the tolling rule first stated in Ameri-
can Pipe & Constr. Co. v. Utah, (1974). The
Court held in American Pipe that the timely filing of a
class action tolls the applicable statute of limitations for
all persons encompassed by the class complaint. Where
class-action status has been denied, the Court further
ruled, members of the failed class could timely intervene
as individual plaintiffs in the still-pending action, shorn of
its class character. See id., at 544, 552 -- 553. Later, in
Crown, Cork & Seal Co. v. Parker, (1983),
the Court clarified American Pipe's tolling rule: The rule is
not dependent on intervening in or joining an existing
suit; it applies as well to putative class members who,
after denial of class certification, "prefer to bring an indi-
vidual suit rather than intervene... once the economies of
a class action [are] no longer available." 462 U. S., at 350,
353 -- 354; see California Public Employees' Retirement
System v. ANZ Securities, Inc., 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017)
(American Pipe "permitt[ed] a class action
to splinter into individual suits"); Smith v. Bayer Corp.,
2 CHINA AGRITECH, INC. v. RESH

Opinion of the Court

-- 314, (2011) (under American Pipe
tolling rule, "a putative member of an uncertified class
may wait until after the court rules on the certification
motion to file an individual claim or move to intervene in
the [existing] suit").
The question presented in the case now before us: Upon
denial of class certification, may a putative class member,
in lieu of promptly joining an existing suit or promptly
filing an individual action, commence a class action anew
beyond the time allowed by the applicable statute of limi-
tations? Our answer is no. American Pipe tolls the stat-
ute of limitations during the pendency of a putative class
action, allowing unnamed class members to join the action
individually or file individual claims if the class fails. But
American Pipe does not permit the maintenance of a
follow-on class action past expiration of the statute of
limitations.
I
The instant suit is the third class action brought on
behalf of purchasers of petitioner China Agritech's com-
mon stock, alleging violations of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, 48 Stat. 881, as amended, 15 U. S. C. 
et seq. In short, the successive complaints each make
materially identical allegations that China Agritech en-
gaged in fraud and misleading business practices, causing
the company's stock price to plummet when several re-
ports brought the misconduct to light. See App. 60 -- 100
(Resh complaint), 205 -- 235 (Smyth complaint), 133 -- 156
(Dean complaint). The Exchange Act has a two-year
statute of limitations that begins to run upon discovery of
the facts constituting the violation. 28 U. S. C..
The Act also has a five-year statute of repose. Ibid.1 The
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 A statute of limitations "begin[s] to run when the cause of action

accrues -- that is, when the plaintiff can file suit and obtain relief."
California Public Employees' Retirement System v. ANZ Securities, Inc.,
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

parties agree that the accrual date for purposes of the two-
year limitation period is February 3, 2011, and for the
five-year repose period, November 12, 2009. Brief for
Respondents 8,.
Theodore Dean, a China Agritech shareholder, filed the
first class-action complaint on February 11, 2011, at the
start of the two-year limitation period. As required by the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA),
109 Stat. 737, Dean's counsel posted notice of the action in
two "widely circulated national business-oriented publica-
tion[s]," 15 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(3)(A)(i), and invited any
member of the purported class to move to serve as lead
plaintiff. App. 274 -- 280. Six shareholders responded to
the notice, seeking to be named lead plaintiffs; other
shareholders who had filed their own class complaints
dismissed them in view of the Dean action. On May 3,
2012, after several months of discovery and deferral of a
lead-plaintiff ruling, the District Court denied class certi-
fication. The plaintiffs, the District Court determined,
had failed to establish that China Agritech stock traded on
an efficient market -- a necessity for proving reliance on a
classwide basis. App. 192. Dean's counsel then published
a notice informing shareholders of the certification denial
and advising: "You must act yourself to protect your
rights. You may protect your rights by joining in the
current Action as a plaintiff or by filing your own action
against China Agritech." Id., at 281 -- 282. The Dean
action settled in September 2012, occasioning dismissal of
the suit. See 857 F. 3d 994, 998 (CA9 2017).
On October 4, 2012 -- within the two-year statute of
limitations -- Dean's counsel filed a new complaint (Smyth)

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017). A statute of repose, by contrast, "begin[s] to run on the date
of the last culpable act or omission of the defendant." Ibid..
4 CHINA AGRITECH, INC. v. RESH

Opinion of the Court

with a new set of plaintiffs and new efficient-market
evidence. Eight shareholders responded to the PSLRA
notice, seeking lead-plaintiff appointment. The District
Court again denied class certification, this time on typical-
ity and adequacy grounds. See App. 254. Thereafter, the
Smyth plaintiffs settled their individual claims with the
defendants and voluntarily dismissed their suit. Because
the Smyth litigation was timely commenced, putative class
members who promptly initiated individual suits in the
wake of the class-action denial would have encountered no
statute of limitations bar.
Respondent Michael Resh, who had not sought lead-
plaintiff status in either the Dean or Smyth proceedings
and was represented by counsel who had not appeared in
the earlier actions, filed the present suit on June 30, 2014,
styling it a class action -- a year and a half after the stat-
ute of limitations expired. The other respondents moved
to intervene, seeking designation as lead plaintiffs; to-
gether with Resh, they filed an amended complaint. The
District Court dismissed the class complaint as untimely,
holding that the Dean and Smyth actions did not toll the
time to initiate class claims. App. to Pet. for Cert. 36a.
The Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed:
"[P]ermitting future class action named plaintiffs, who
were unnamed class members in previously uncertified
classes, to avail themselves of American Pipe tolling," the
court reasoned, "would advance the policy objectives that
led the Supreme Court to permit tolling in the first place."
857 F. 3d, at 1004. Applying American Pipe tolling to
successive class actions, the Ninth Circuit added, would
cause no unfair surprise to defendants and would promote
economy of litigation by reducing incentives for filing
protective class suits during the pendency of an initial
certification motion. 857 F. 3d, at 1004.
We granted certiorari, 583 U. S. ___ (2017), in view of a
division of authority among the Courts of Appeals over
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

whether otherwise-untimely successive class claims may
be salvaged by American Pipe tolling. Compare the in-
stant case and Phipps v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., 792 F. 3d
637, 652 -- 653 (CA6 2015) (applying American Pipe tolling
to successive class action), with, e.g., Basch v. Ground
Round, Inc., 139 F. 3d 6, 11 (CA1 1998) ("Plaintiffs may
not stack one class action on top of another and continue
to toll the statute of limitations indefinitely."); Griffin
v. Singletary, 17 F. 3d 356, 359 (CA11 1994) (similar);
Korwek v. Hunt, 827 F. 2d 874, 879 (CA2 1987) (American
Pipe does not apply to successive class suits); Salazar-
Calderon v. Presidio Valley Farmers Assn., 765 F. 2d 1334,
1351 (CA5 1985) ("Plaintiffs have no authority for their
contention that putative class members may piggyback
one class action onto another and thus toll the statute of
limitations indefinitely, nor have we found any."). See
also Yang v. Odom, 392 F. 3d 97, 112 (CA3 2004) (Ameri-
can Pipe tolling does not apply to successive class actions
where certification was previously denied due to a class
defect, but does apply when certification was denied based
on the putative representative's deficiencies).
II

A

American Pipe established that "the commencement of
the original class suit tolls the running of the statute [of
limitations] for all purported members of the class who
make timely motions to intervene after the court has
found the suit inappropriate for class action status." 414
U. S., at 553. "A contrary rule," the Court reasoned in
American Pipe, "would deprive [Federal Rule of Civil
Procedure] 23 class actions of the efficiency and economy
of litigation which is a principal purpose of the procedure."
Ibid. This is so, the Court explained, because without
tolling, "[p]otential class members would be induced to file
protective motions to intervene or to join in the event that
6 CHINA AGRITECH, INC. v. RESH

Opinion of the Court

a class was later found unsuitable." Ibid. In Crown, Cork,
the Court further elaborated: Failure to extend the Ameri-
can Pipe rule "to class members filing separate actions," in
addition to those who move to intervene, would result in "a
needless multiplicity of actions" filed by class members
preserving their individual claims -- "precisely the situa-
tion that Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 and the toll-
ing rule of American Pipe were designed to avoid." 462
U. S., at 351.
American Pipe and Crown, Cork addressed only putative
class members who wish to sue individually after a class-
certification denial. See, e.g., American Pipe, 414 U. S., at
552 (addressing "privilege of intervening in an individual
suit"); Crown, Cork, 462 U. S., at 349 (applying American
Pipe to those who "file individual actions"); 462 U. S., at
352 (tolling benefits "class members who choose to file
separate suits").
What about a putative class representative, like Resh,
who brings his claims as a new class action after the stat-
ute of limitations has expired? Neither decision so much
as hints that tolling extends to otherwise time-barred
class claims. We hold that American Pipe does not permit
a plaintiff who waits out the statute of limitations to
piggyback on an earlier, timely filed class action. The
"efficiency and economy of litigation" that support tolling
of individual claims, American Pipe, 414 U. S., at 553, do
not support maintenance of untimely successive class
actions; any additional class filings should be made early
on, soon after the commencement of the first action seek-
ing class certification.
American Pipe tolls the limitation period for individual
claims because economy of litigation favors delaying those
claims until after a class-certification denial. If certifica-
tion is granted, the claims will proceed as a class and
there would be no need for the assertion of any claim
individually. If certification is denied, only then would it
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

be necessary to pursue claims individually.
With class claims, on the other hand, efficiency favors
early assertion of competing class representative claims.
If class treatment is appropriate, and all would-be repre-
sentatives have come forward, the district court can select
the best plaintiff with knowledge of the full array of po-
tential class representatives and class counsel. And if
the class mechanism is not a viable option for the claims,
the decision denying certification will be made at the
outset of the case, litigated once for all would-be class
representatives.2
Rule 23 evinces a preference for preclusion of untimely
successive class actions by instructing that class certifica-
tion should be resolved early on. See Fed. Rule Civ. Proc.
23(c)(1)(A). Indeed, Rule 23(c) was amended in 2003 to
permit district courts to take account of multiple class-
representative filings. Before the amendment, Rule 23(c)
encouraged district courts to issue certification rulings "as
soon as practicable." The amendment changed the rec-
ommended timing target to "an early practicable time."
The alteration was made to allow greater leeway, more
time for class discovery, and additional time to "explore
designation of class counsel" and consider "additional
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Encouraging early class filings will help ensure sufficient time re-

mains under the statute of limitations, in the event that certification is
denied for one of the actions or a portion of the class. Subclasses might
be pleaded in one or more complaints and taken up if necessary; as
class discovery proceeds and weaknesses in the class theory or adequacy
of representation come to light, the lead complaint might be amended
or a new plaintiff might intervene. See Brief of Plaintiffs in Post-Dukes
Successor Class Actions as Amici Curiae 8 -- 10 (describing regional
subclasses asserted in the Dukes v. Wal-Mart litigation following this
Court's decision decertifying the nationwide class, Wal-Mart Stores,
Inc. v. Dukes, (2011)); Pierce, Improving Predictability
and Consistency in Class Action Tolling, 23 Geo. Mason L. Rev. 339,
349 (2016) (some Dukes plaintiffs moved to amend the original com-
plaint to replead subclasses).
8 CHINA AGRITECH, INC. v. RESH

Opinion of the Court

[class counsel] applications rather than deny class certifi-
cation," thus "afford[ing] the best possible representation
for the class." Advisory Committee's 2003 Note on subds.
(c)(1)(A) and (g)(2)(A) of Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23, 28
U. S. C. App., pp. 815, 818; see Willging & Lee, From
Class Actions to Multidistrict Consolidations: Aggregate
Mass-Tort Litigation after Ortiz, 58 U. Kan. L. Rev. 775,
785 (2010) (2003 amendments "raised the standard for
certifying a class from an early, conditional ruling to a
later, relatively final decision" and "expand[ed] the oppor-
tunity for parties to engage in discovery prior to moving
for class certification").
The PSLRA, which governs this litigation, evinces a
similar preference, this time embodied in legislation, for
grouping class-representative filings at the outset of litiga-
tion. See supra, at 3. When the Dean and Smyth timely
commenced actions were first filed, counsel put any
shareholder who might wish to serve as lead plaintiff on
notice of the action. Several heeded the call -- six in Dean
and eight in Smyth. See 857 F. 3d, at 997 -- 998. The
PSLRA, by requiring notice of the commencement of a
class action, aims to draw all potential lead plaintiffs into
the suit so that the district court will have the full roster
of contenders before deciding which contender to appoint.3
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Although the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995

(PSLRA), 109 Stat. 737, includes a presumption that the most adequate
plaintiff is the one who moves first and has the largest financial inter-
est in the case, see 15 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(3)(B)(iii)(I), multiple potential
lead plaintiffs have reason to apply for the role because there may not
be an obvious candidate. Which plaintiff has the largest financial
interest may not be immediately apparent; the statute does not define
the term, and the size of a shareholder's financial interest can depend
on how many shares were purchased and sold, when, and at what price,
as well as the order in which the losses are tallied. See, e.g., Cortina v.
Anavex Life Sciences Corp., 2016 WL 1337305 (SDNY, Apr. 5, 2016).
District courts often permit aggregation of plaintiffs into plaintiff
groups, so even a small shareholder could apply for lead-plaintiff
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

See Brief for Securities Industry and Financial Markets
Association as Amicus Curiae 12 -- 13 (PSLRA "seeks to
achieve Congress['] goal of curbing duplicative... litiga-
tion by encouraging all interested parties to apply to serve
as lead plaintiff at the early stages of the case [and]
providing for the consolidation of similar class actions").
With notice and the opportunity to participate in the first
(and second) round of class litigation, there is little reason
to allow plaintiffs who passed up those opportunities to
enter the fray several years after class proceedings first
commenced.
Ordinarily, to benefit from equitable tolling, plaintiffs
must demonstrate that they have been diligent in pursuit
of their claims. See, e.g., McQuiggin v. Perkins, (2013); Menominee Tribe of Wis. v. United States,
577 U. S. ___, ___ (2016). Even American
Pipe, which did not analyze "criteria of the formal doctrine
of equitable tolling in any direct manner," ANZ, 582 U. S.,
at ___ -- ___ ( -- 11), observed that tolling was
permissible in the circumstances because plaintiffs who
later intervened to pursue individual claims had not slept
on their rights, American Pipe, 414 U. S., at 554 -- 555.
Those plaintiffs reasonably relied on the class representa-
tive, who sued timely, to protect their interests in their
individual claims. See Crown, Cork, 462 U. S., at 350. A
would-be class representative who commences suit after
expiration of the limitation period, however, can hardly
qualify as diligent in asserting claims and pursuing relief.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
status, hoping to join with other shareholders to create a unit with the
largest financial interest. See Choi & Thompson, Securities Litigation
and Its Lawyers: Changes During the First Decade After the PSLRA,
106 Colum. L. Rev. 1489, 1507, 1521, 1530 (2006) (80% of securities
class actions in post-PSLRA data sample had two or more co-lead
counsel firms). Thus, it is a reasonable expectation that, in litigation
governed by the PSLRA, a district court will have several competing
candidates for lead plaintiff to choose among.
10 CHINA AGRITECH, INC. v. RESH

Opinion of the Court

Her interest in representing the class as lead plaintiff,
therefore, would not be preserved by the prior plaintiff 's
timely filed class suit.
Respondents' proposed reading would allow the statute
of limitations to be extended time and again; as each class
is denied certification, a new named plaintiff could file a
class complaint that resuscitates the litigation. See Yang,
392 F. 3d, at 113 (Alito, J., concurring in part and dissent-
ing in part) (tolling for successive class actions could allow
"lawyers seeking to represent a plaintiff class [to] extend
the statute of limitations almost indefinitely until they
find a district court judge who is willing to certify the
class"); Ewing Industries Corp. v. Bob Wines Nursery, Inc.,
795 F. 3d 1324, 1326 (CA11 2015) (tolling for successive
class actions allows plaintiffs "limitless bites at the ap-
ple").4 This prospect points up a further distinction be-
tween the individual-claim tolling established by Ameri-
can Pipe and tolling for successive class actions. The time
to file individual actions once a class action ends is finite,
extended only by the time the class suit was pending; the
time for filing successive class suits, if tolling were al-
lowed, could be limitless. Respondents' claims happen to
be governed by 28 U. S. C. (2)'s five-year statute
of repose, so the time to file complaints has a finite end.
Statutes of repose, however, are not ubiquitous. See
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Respondents observe that in Smith v. Bayer Corp., 

(2011), we held that federal class-certification denials do not have
preclusive effect in subsequent state-court suits, despite concerns about
successive class actions. See Brief for Respondents 40 -- 41. But in
Smith, we were guided by "the fundamental nature of the general rule
that only parties can be bound by prior judgments." 564 U. S., at 313. The state-court plaintiffs were not
parties to the federal-court litigation, hence they could not be bound by
its holding -- despite a "stron[g] argument" about the inefficiencies of
serial class relitigation supporting the contrary position. Id., at 316.
No such countervailing presumption favors Resh's untimely third
federal class suit.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

Dekalb County Pension Fund v. Transocean Ltd., 817 F. 3d
393, 397 (CA2 2016). Most statutory schemes provide for
a single limitation period without any outer limit to safe-
guard against serial relitigation. Endless tolling of a
statute of limitations is not a result envisioned by Ameri-
can Pipe.5
B
Respondents emphasize that in Shady Grove Orthopedic
Associates, P. A. v. Allstate Ins. Co., (2010),
we said that "a class action may be maintained," id., at
398, if the require-
ments of Rule 23(a) and (b) are satisfied, and "Rule 23
automatically applies in all civil actions and proceedings
in the United States district courts," id., at 400. See Brief for Respondents 21 -- 
23. If Resh's suit meets the requirements of Rule 23(a)
and (b), respondents assert, there is no reason why Resh's
suit cannot proceed as a class action. Shady Grove does
not call for that outcome. In Shady Grove, the Court held
that a federal diversity action could proceed under Rule 23
despite a state law prohibiting class treatment of suits
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR suggests that the Court might adopt a rule

under which tolling "becomes unavailable for future class claims where
class certification is denied for a reason that bears on the suitability of
the claims for class treatment," but not where "class certification is
denied because of the deficiencies of the lead plaintiff as class repre-
sentative." Post, at 5; see Yang v. Odom, 392 F. 3d 97, 112 (CA3 2004)
(embracing similar rule). But Rule 23 contains no instruction to give
denials of class certification different effect based on the reason for the
denial. And as the Advisory Committee Notes explain, affording
district courts time to consider competing claims for class representa-
tion will advance the likelihood that lead plaintiff or class counsel
deficiencies will be discovered and acted upon early in the litigation.
See supra, at 7 -- 8. Rule 23 and putative class members' own interests
in adequate representation, and the efficient adjudication thereof,
weigh heavily against tolling for successive class actions. There is
nothing inequitable in following these guides. See post, at 5,.
12 CHINA AGRITECH, INC. v. RESH

Opinion of the Court

seeking damages of the kind asserted in the Shady Grove
complaint. 559 U. S., at 396, 416. Our opinion in Shady
Grove addressed a case in which a Rule 23 class action
could have been maintained absent a contrary state-law
command. Id., at 396. Resh's case presents the reverse
situation: The class action would be untimely unless saved
by American Pipe's equitable-tolling exception to statutes
of limitations. Rule 23 itself does not address timeliness of
claims or tolling and nothing in the Rule calls for the
revival of class claims if individual claims are tolled. In
fact, as already explained, Rule 23 prescribes the opposite
result. See supra, at 6 -- 8.
Today's clarification of American Pipe's reach does not
run afoul of the Rules Enabling Act by causing a plaintiff's
attempted recourse to Rule 23 to abridge or modify a
substantive right. See Brief for Respondents 23 -- 26 ).
Plaintiffs have no substantive right to bring their claims
outside the statute of limitations. That they may do so, in
limited circumstances, is due to a judicially crafted tolling
rule that itself does not abridge, enlarge, or modify any
substantive right. American Pipe, 414 U. S., at 558.
Without American Pipe, respondents would have no peg to
seek tolling here; as we have explained, however, Ameri-
can Pipe does not provide for the extension of the statute
of limitations sought by Resh for institution of an untimely
third class suit.
Respondents urge that American Pipe's logic in fact
supports their position because declining to toll the limita-
tion period for successive class suits will lead to a "need-
less multiplicity" of protective class-action filings. Brief
for Respondents 32 -- 34. See also post, at 6 -- 7 (expressing
concern about duplicative and dueling class actions). But
there is little reason to think that protective class filings
will substantially increase. Several Courts of Appeals
have already declined to read American Pipe to permit a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

successive class action filed outside the limitation period.
See supra, at 5; 3 W. Rubenstein, Newberg on Class Ac-
tions :64, (5th ed. 2012). These courts include the
Second and Fifth Circuits (no strangers to class-action
practice); both courts declined to entertain out-of-time
class actions in the 1980's. See Korwek, 827 F. 2d 874
(CA2 1987); Salazar-Calderon, 765 F. 2d 1334 (CA5 1985).
Respondents and their amici make no showing that these
Circuits have experienced a disproportionate number of
duplicative, protective class-action filings.
Amicus National Conference on Public Employee Re-
tirement Systems cites examples of protective filings
responding to courts' disallowance of American Pipe tolling
for statutes of repose, but those examples in fact suggest
that protective class filings are uncommon. See Brief of
the National Conference on Public Employee Retirement
Systems as Amicus Curiae 7 -- 8. Between dozens and
hundreds of class plaintiffs filed protective individual
claims while class-certification motions were pending in
securities cases and the statute of repose was about to run
out, placing a permanent bar against their claims. Ibid.
But none of the plaintiffs appears to have filed a protective
class action -- even though, if the statute of repose expired
and the pending class-certification motions were denied,
there would be no further opportunity to assert class
claims.6
Nor do the incentives of class-action practice suggest
that many more plaintiffs will file protective class claims
as a result of our holding. Any plaintiff whose individual
claim is worth litigating on its own rests secure in the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The Second Circuit Petrobras litigation, referenced in amicus' brief,

illustrates that multiple timely class filings do not sow unmanageable
chaos. Five class actions were filed there and consolidated, along with
individual claims, for pretrial purposes, including class-certification
determination. See In re Petrobras Securities, 862 F. 3d 250, 258 (CA2
2017).
14 CHINA AGRITECH, INC. v. RESH

Opinion of the Court

knowledge that she can avail herself of American Pipe
tolling if certification is denied to a first putative class.
The plaintiff who seeks to preserve the ability to lead the
class -- whether because her claim is too small to make an
individual suit worthwhile or because of an attendant
financial benefit7 -- has every reason to file a class action
early, and little reason to wait in the wings, giving another
plaintiff first shot at representation.
In any event, as previously explained, see supra, at 6 -- 8,
a multiplicity of class-action filings is not necessarily
"needless." Indeed, multiple filings may aid a district
court in determining, early on, whether class treatment is
warranted, and if so, which of the contenders would be the
best representative. And sooner rather than later filings
are just what Rule 23 encourages. See ibid. Multiple
timely filings might not line up neatly; they could be filed
in different districts, at different times -- perhaps when
briefing on class certification has already begun -- or on
behalf of only partially overlapping classes. See Wasser-
man, Dueling Class Actions, 80 B. U. L. Rev. 461, 464 -- 465
(2000) (describing variety of "dueling" class filings). But
district courts have ample tools at their disposal to man-
age the suits, including the ability to stay, consolidate, or
transfer proceedings. District courts are increasingly
familiar with overseeing such complex cases, given the
surge in multidistrict litigation. See Cabraser & Issa-
charoff, The Participatory Class Action, 92 N. Y. U. L. Rev.
846, 850 -- 851 (2017) (multidistrict litigation frequently
combines individual suits and multiple putative class
actions). The Federal Rules provide a range of mecha-
nisms to aid courts in this endeavor. What the Rules do
not offer is a reason to permit plaintiffs to exhume failed
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 The class representative might receive a share of class recovery
above and beyond her individual claim. See, e.g., Cook v. Niedert, 142
F. 3d 1004, 1016 (CA7 1998) (affirming class representative's $25,000
incentive award).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

Opinion of the Court

class actions by filing new, untimely class claims.
* * *
The watchwords of American Pipe are efficiency and
economy of litigation, a principal purpose of Rule 23 as
well. Extending American Pipe tolling to successive class
actions does not serve that purpose. The contrary rule,
allowing no tolling for out-of-time class actions, will propel
putative class representatives to file suit well within the
limitation period and seek certification promptly. For all
the above-stated reasons, it is the rule we adopt today:
Time to file a class action falls outside the bounds of Amer-
ican Pipe.
Accordingly, the judgment of the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit is reversed, and the case is remanded for
further proceedings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 432
_________________

CHINA AGRITECH, INC., PETITIONER v. 

MICHAEL H. RESH, ET AL. 

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT

[June 11, 2018] 

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, concurring in the judgment.
I agree with the Court that in cases governed by the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA),
15 U. S. C. -- 4, like this one, a plaintiff who seeks to
bring a successive class action may not rely on the tolling
rule established by American Pipe & Constr. Co. v. Utah,
(1974). I cannot, however, join the majority
in going further by holding that the same is true for class
actions not subject to the PSLRA.
I

A

To understand why the PSLRA is essential to the con-
clusion the Court reaches here, recall that this case in-
volves a putative class-action lawsuit brought by a plain-
tiff with a timely individual claim, joined by coplaintiffs
with timely individual claims, on behalf of a putative class
of absent class members with timely individual claims.
See ante, at 4. One might naturally think, then, that the
class claims in the lawsuit are timely. The majority,
however, concludes that the named plaintiffs' and putative
class members' class claims are time barred.
At first blush, this result might seem surprising, for the
Court has rejected the idea that class claims are categori-
cally different from individual claims. See Shady Grove
2 CHINA AGRITECH, INC. v. RESH

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

Orthopedic Associates, P. A. v. Allstate Ins. Co., (2010). Although it did not hold that class claims
may never be treated differently from individual claims,
Shady Grove indicates that there must be a special reason
for doing so.
Here, the PSLRA supplies that special reason. The
PSLRA imposes significant procedural requirements on
securities class actions that do not apply to individual or
traditionally joined securities claims. See -- 4(a)(1).
Foremost among these requirements is a process for the
"[a]ppointment of lead plaintiff." -- 4(a)(3). Under the
PSLRA, the named plaintiff in a putative class action
must publish within 20 days of filing the complaint a
nationwide notice alerting putative class members to the
filing of the suit and informing them that, "not later than
60 days after the date on which the notice is published,
any member of the purported class may move the court to
serve as lead plaintiff." -- 4(a)(3)(A)(i). The district
court then must evaluate all prospective lead plaintiffs
and choose the "most adequate" one based on a set of
enumerated considerations. -- 4(a)(3)(B). The PSLRA
thus contemplates a process by which all prospective class
representatives come forward in the first-filed class action
and make their arguments to the court for lead-plaintiff
status. See H. R. Conf. Rep. No. 104 -- 369, p. 32 (1995).
Respondents here bypassed that statutory process.
They do not dispute that notice was published in the two
earlier-filed putative class actions concerning the same
securities claims as here, as required by the PSLRA. Yet
they did not seek to be chosen lead plaintiffs in either of
those actions. See ante, at 3 -- 4, 8. For that reason alone, I
agree with the majority that respondents "can hardly
qualify as diligent in asserting [class] claims and pursuing
relief." Ante, at 9. Respondents' failure to utilize the
PSLRA's lead-plaintiff selection procedure distinguishes
them from the American Pipe absent class members, who
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

were subject only to the traditional Federal Rule of Civil
Procedure 23 class procedure, which is "designed to avoid,
rather than encourage, unnecessary filing of repetitious
papers and motions." 414 U. S., at 550.
Unlike the PSLRA, Rule 23 contains no requirement of
precertification notice to absent putative class members; it
provides only for postcertification notice. See Fed. Rule
Civ. Proc. 23(c)(2). There thus is no mechanism for absent
putative class members to learn that a putative class
action is pending, much less that they are entitled to seek
to displace the named plaintiff in that lawsuit as class
representative. Also unlike the PSLRA, Rule 23 contains
no process for a district court to choose from among the
various candidates for lead plaintiff, nor does it specify
what would make a person the most adequate representa-
tive of the class. See 7A C. Wright, A. Miller, & M. Kane,
Federal Practice and Procedure, p. 321 (3d ed.
2005). In class actions not subject to the PSLRA, the class
representative is generally the first person who files the
suit, and so is self-selected (subject to an adequacy deter-
mination), rather than selected by the court.1 See Rule
23(a)(4) ("One or more members of a class may sue or be
sued as representative parties on behalf of all members
only if... the representative parties will fairly and ade-
quately protect the interests of the class"); Rule 23(c)(1)(A)
("At an early practicable time after a person sues or is
sued as a class representative, the court must determine

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 There may, of course, be competition among putative class members

to proceed on behalf of the putative class in an action not governed by
the PSLRA, and the district court generally considers their relative
qualities. But the point is that the court is not required by Rule 23 to
identify and designate as lead plaintiff the person most capable of
adequately representing the class; it is only required to determine for
certification purposes whether the class representative adequately
represents the class. See 7A Wright, Federal Practice and Procedure, at 321.
4 CHINA AGRITECH, INC. v. RESH

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

by order whether to certify the action as a class action");
H. R. Conf. Rep. No. 104 -- 369, at 33 -- 35.
The majority points to Rule 23(c)'s requirement that the
determination whether to certify a class be made at " 'an
early practicable time,' " ante, at 7, but there is no signifi-
cance to that requirement with respect to the diligence of
would-be class representatives. The Advisory Committee
notes accompanying the 2003 amendment to Rule 23(c),
which changed the recommended timing for a certification
determination from "as soon as practicable" to "at an early
practicable time," explained that the change would permit
time for "controlled discovery into the 'merits,' " efforts by
defendants "to win dismissal or summary judgment as to
the individual plaintiffs without certification," and the
considered "designation of class counsel." Advisory Com-
mittee's 2003 Notes on subd. (c)(1)(A) of Fed. Rule Civ.
Proc. 23, 28 U. S. C. App., p. 815. The notes say nothing
about lead-plaintiff selection, and Rule 23(c) in no way
ensures that potential lead plaintiffs know about the
putative class action or about their opportunity to repre-
sent the class.
Given these important differences between Rule 23's
general class procedures and the specific procedures im-
posed by the PSLRA, the majority's conclusion that absent
class members were not diligent because they failed to ask
to be the class representative in a prior suit makes sense
only in the PSLRA context. The same conclusion simply
does not follow in the generic Rule 23 context, where
absent class members are most likely unaware of the
existence of a putative class action. Cf. American Pipe,
414 U. S., at 551 -- 552 (explaining that even absent class
members who are unaware of the putative class action are
entitled to tolling).
B
In addition to its focus on plaintiff diligence, the majority
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

offers a separate line of reasoning to support its broad
holding. It explains that its limitation on American Pipe
tolling is necessary to prevent a "limitless" series of class
actions, each rendered timely by the tolling effect of the
previous ones. Ante, at 10. As the majority acknowledges,
however, there is no such risk in this case, see ibid., be-
cause the applicable statute of repose puts a 5-year "outer
limit on the right to bring a civil action." CTS Corp. v.
Waldburger, 573 U. S. ___, ___ (2014). The
majority is right, of course, that in many other types of
cases, no statute of repose will apply. See ante, at 10 -- 11.
But the Court has elsewhere pointed to the power of "com-
ity among courts to mitigate the sometimes substantial
costs of similar litigation brought by different plaintiffs."
Smith v. Bayer Corp., (2011). There is
no reason to assume that this existing safeguard will
prove inadequate if the Court holds that American Pipe
tolling is available for successive class actions outside the
PSLRA context.
Even if principles of comity prove insufficient such that
some modification to the American Pipe rule is necessary
to prevent indefinite tolling, a narrower form of redress is
available. Instead of adopting a blanket no-tolling-of-
class-claims-ever rule outside the PSLRA context, the
Court might hold, as a matter of equity, that tolling only
becomes unavailable for future class claims where class
certification is denied for a reason that bears on the suit-
ability of the claims for class treatment. Where, by con-
trast, class certification is denied because of the deficien-
cies of the lead plaintiff as class representative, or because
of some other nonsubstantive defect, tolling would remain
available.2 See Yang v. Odom, 392 F. 3d 97, 112 (CA3
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Such an approach would, of course, be "grounded in the traditional

equitable powers of the judiciary," which are "the source of the tolling
rule applied in American Pipe," and not Rule 23, which "does not so
6 CHINA AGRITECH, INC. v. RESH

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

2004). This approach would, for instance, ensure that in
cases where the only problem with the first suit was the
identity of the named plaintiff, a new and more adequate
representative could file another suit to represent the
class. Preserving the opportunity for such a fix may seem
unimportant in a PSLRA case like this one, where the
court in the first-filed case will usually have a choice
among possible lead plaintiffs. See ante, at 8 -- 9,. But,
as just explained, in class actions not subject to the
PSLRA, the certifying court often will have no choice as to
the class representative.
Whether this or another rule ultimately is the right one,
there is no need for the Court today to reach beyond the
facts of this case, where the specter of indefinite tolling is
merely hypothetical, and foreclose the possibility of a more
tailored approach.
C
Finally, the majority suggests that its broader approach
will encourage multiple potential class representatives to
come forward early, which may "aid a district court" in
making class certification decisions. Ante, at 14. This
may well be so in the PSLRA context, given the statute's
notice requirement and built-in mechanism for selecting
the most adequate lead plaintiff. But in suits not covered
by the PSLRA, absent class members may not know of the
pending class action early enough to "aid" the court, and
will likely have to file a completely separate lawsuit if
what they seek is lead-plaintiff status.
In addition to increasing the number of unnecessary
filings, a result at odds with American Pipe's concern with
avoiding "needless duplication," 414 U. S., at 554, the
existence of multiple putative class actions covering the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
much as mention the extension or suspension of statutory time bars."
California Public Employees' Retirement System v. ANZ Securities, Inc.,
582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) ; see ante, at 11,.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

same harm to the same class may lead to a "race toward
judgment or settlement." Wasserman, Dueling Class
Actions, 80 B. U. L. Rev. 461, 472 (2000). Each class
lawyer knows that only the lawyers in the first-resolved
case will get paid, because the other suits will then be
dismissed on claim-preclusion grounds. Ibid. Defense
lawyers know this, too, so they are "able to engage in a
'reverse auction,' pitting the various class counsel against
one another and agreeing to settle with the lawyer willing
to accept the lowest bid on behalf of the class." Id., at 473.
This gamesmanship is not in class members' interest, nor
in the interest of justice. I therefore think it unwise to
encourage the filing of such dueling class actions outside
the PSLRA context.
II
Although there is ample support for denying American
Pipe tolling to successive class actions subject to the
PSLRA, the majority's reasoning does not justify denying
American Pipe tolling to other successive class actions.
The majority could have avoided this error by limiting its
decision to the issues presented by the facts of this case.
Despite the Court's misstep in adopting an unnecessarily
broad rule, district courts can help mitigate the potential
unfairness of denying American Pipe tolling to class claims
not subject to the PSLRA. Where appropriate, district
courts should liberally permit amendment of the pleadings
or intervention of new plaintiffs and counsel.
Because I agree with the majority's conclusion just as
applied to class actions governed by the PSLRA, like this
one, I concur only in the judgment.