JUSTICE GORSUCH delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Federal Arbitration Act requires courts to enforce
many private arbitration agreements. But not all. Section
1 of the Act provides that "nothing" in the law shall be used
to compel arbitration in disputes involving the "contracts of
employment" of any class of workers "engaged in... inter-
state commerce." 9 U. S. C.. This case is the latest in a
line posing questions about the scope of that exemption.
I
Flowers Foods, Inc., is one of the Nation's largest produc-
ers of packaged baked goods. Some of its familiar products
include Butterscotch Krimpets, Jumbo Honey Buns, and
Wonder Bread, "which it promotes with a 95-foot-tall hot
air balloon and a parade float called The Wondership." Bis-
sonnette v. LePage Bakeries Park St., LLC, (2024). From its bakeries in 19 States, Flowers distrib-
utes its products across the country.
To get its products to market, the company depends in
part on franchisees who "buy the rights to distribute Flow-
ers['s] products in particular geographic territories." Ibid.
This case involves one such franchisee, Angelo Brock, who
2 FLOWERS FOODS, INC. v. BROCK

Opinion of the Court

serves the Denver area. Brock picks up Flowers's products
from a warehouse in Colorado and delivers them to local
stores, all without leaving the State.
In 2022, Brock sued Flowers in federal district court al-
leging that the company had underpaid him and other dis-
tributors in violation of various federal and state laws. In
response, Flowers filed a motion asking the court to send
the dispute to arbitration. In support of its motion, Flowers
observed that the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA) generally
requires courts to stay or dismiss cases when the parties
have agreed to resolve their disputes by arbitration rather
than litigation. And Flowers argued that rule applied here
because Brock had signed a distribution agreement prom-
ising to arbitrate any disagreement that might arise be-
tween himself and Flowers. Ultimately, the district court
denied Flowers's motion and, in an opinion by Judge Phil-
lips, the Tenth Circuit affirmed.
The Tenth Circuit rested its decision on 9 U. S. C..
While the FAA requires courts to enforce arbitration agree-
ments in many circumstances, contains an exception. It
provides that "nothing" in the statute shall be used to com-
pel arbitration in disputes involving "contracts of employ-
ment of seamen, railroad employees, or any other class of
workers engaged in foreign or interstate commerce.".
Reasoning that Brock belonged to a class of workers en-
gaged in interstate commerce, the court concluded that it
lacked authority to compel the arbitration Flowers sought.
To be sure, the court recognized, Brock does not cross state
lines himself or interact directly with those who do. 121
F. 4th 753, 757 -- 761 (CA10 2024). But, the court held, those
facts were "not dispositive." Id., at 761. Instead, the court
said, what mattered was that Brock's "intrastate route
formed a constituent part of the... interstate journey" of
Flowers's goods from out-of-state bakeries to their intended
destinations at retail stores. Id., at 764; see also id., at 766.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

Flowers petitioned for certiorari. In doing so, it asked us
to resolve a single question: whether someone can qualify
as a worker "engaged in... interstate commerce" under 
if he never crosses state lines and never interacts with ve-
hicles that do. Pet. for Cert. i. We agreed to take up that
question. 607 U. S. ___ (2025).
II
In recent years, we have had occasion to address the
scope of 's exemption no fewer than three times. In each
case, we have rejected efforts to cabin its reach. First, in
New Prime Inc. v. Oliveira, (2019), we held
that the "contracts of employment" embraces include
contracts governing independent contractors, not just em-
ployees. Id., at 116. Then, in Southwest Airlines Co. v.
Saxon, (2022), we held an airline worker who
loaded and unloaded cargo fit within 's exemption even
though she did not fly planes or otherwise cross state lines.
Id., at 459, 461. Finally, in Bissonnette, we held that a
worker can fall under whether he is employed in the
"transportation industry" or some other, so long as his work
"play[s] a direct and necessary role in the free flow of goods
across borders." 601 U. S., at 256.
Make this case the fourth. Before us, Flowers's sole the-
ory is that, to be engaged in interstate commerce for pur-
poses of, a worker must either cross state lines or inter-
act with a vehicle that does (say, by loading or unloading
the goods it carries). That theory is incorrect. We have al-
ready held in Saxon that does not require workers to
cross state lines. 596 U. S., at 459, 461. Nor, we now add,
does turn on a game of tag with vehicles that do. At least
sometimes, a worker who transports goods on an intrastate
leg of an interstate journey can qualify for 's exemption
without satisfying either of those criteria.
4 FLOWERS FOODS, INC. v. BROCK

Opinion of the Court

Start with the statutory text. Section 1's exemption ap-
plies to "workers engaged in... interstate commerce."
When the FAA was enacted, to "engage" meant to "take part
in" something or to be "employ[ed]" or "involve[d]" in that
thing. Black's Law Dictionary 661 (3d ed. 1933) (Black's);
see also Webster's New International Dictionary 725 (1913)
("To embark in a business; to take a part; to employ or in-
volve one's self; to devote attention and effort"). And "inter-
state commerce" meant "[t]raffic," "intercourse," or "the
transportation of persons or property between or among the
several states of the Union, or from or between points in one
state and points in another state." Black's 1001; see also
Cyclopedic Law Dictionary 548 (2d ed. 1922) (Cyclopedic)
("A shipment from one state to another under a contract for
continuous carriage is interstate commerce, even as to so
much of the journey as is within the limits of a single
state").
Nothing in those terms requires an individual to cross
state lines or interact with a vehicle that does. Interstate
commerce includes transporting products "between points
in one state and points in another state." Black's 1001.
That involves not just crossing state lines, but intrastate
activity too. Though "a continuous carriage" may begin in
one State and end in another, "much of the journey" can
take place "within the limits of a single state." Cyclopedic
548. And at least sometimes, a person can "take part," be
"employ[ed]," or be "involve[d]" in that continuous journey
without leaving a State or touching vehicles that do.
Black's 661.
Some hypotheticals help illustrate the point. Imagine
Customer A in State A enters a contract to purchase a
truckload of Butterscotch Krimpets from Company B in
State B. Company B makes the Krimpets in State B, but
the contract requires Company B to deliver them to Cus-
tomer A's headquarters in State A. So, Company B hires a
driver to take the Krimpets from the bakery in State B to
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

the headquarters in State A. All agree that the driver in a
case like that is engaged in interstate commerce.
Now imagine instead that Company B hires three drivers
to make the delivery. Driver 1 takes the Krimpets from
Company B's bakery right up to the border between States
A and B. He then gets out of his truck, unloads pallets of
Krimpets on his side of the border, and drives home. Driver
2 then picks up the Krimpets, drives ten feet across the bor-
der, puts the Krimpets down again, and heads off. Finally,
Driver 3 picks up the Krimpets in State A and delivers them
to Company A's headquarters. Who was engaged in inter-
state commerce? On Flowers's account, only Driver 2 would
be -- neither Driver 1 nor Driver 3 crossed state lines or
touched a vehicle that had. But that cannot be right. Each
of the drivers played a direct, active, and necessary part in
ensuring the Krimpets got from a point in State B (the bak-
ery) to a point in State A (the headquarters) as the contract
required.
This hypothetical, really, is hardly a hypothetical at all.
This Court confronted similar facts more than 150 years
ago in The Daniel Ball, 10 Wall. 557 (1871). There, a
steamer transporting goods on Grand River operated "en-
tirely within the limits of the State" of Michigan. Id., at
565. The steamer "did not run in connection with, or in con-
tinuation of, any line of vessels or railway leading to other
States," but "was employed in transporting goods destined
for other States, or goods brought from without the limits
of Michigan and destined to places within that State." Ibid.
Still, the Court held, the steamer "was engaged in com-
merce between the States." Ibid. As the Court put it, "[t]he
fact that several different and independent agencies are
employed in transporting the commodity, some acting en-
tirely in one State, and some acting through two or more
States, does in no respect affect the character of the trans-
action." Ibid. In other words, the steamer was "engaged in"
interstate commerce even though it stayed in Michigan,
6 FLOWERS FOODS, INC. v. BROCK

Opinion of the Court

and even though it did not come into direct contact with a
vessel that had crossed state lines.
Other cases are to similar effect. In Rearick v. Pennsyl-
vania, (1906), we held that a Pennsylvania
salesman who picked up goods shipped from out of state
and delivered them to their final destination was "engaged
in interstate commerce" with no indication that he ever left
Pennsylvania or interacted with vehicles that had. Id., at
510 -- 513. In Rhodes v. Iowa, (1898), we held
that a railroad agent who moved a package from a train
"platform to [a] freight warehouse" entirely within one
State could, in certain circumstances, be "part of... inter-
state commerce transportation." Id., at 413 -- 414, 426. And
in Norfolk & Western R. Co. v. Pennsylvania, 
(1890), we held that an intrastate portion of an interstate
railroad business was "immediately connected with inter-
state commerce." Id., at 119 -- 120; see also id., at 119. We could go on.
Flowers's only real answer is to observe that these cases
and others like them interpreted the Constitution's Com-
merce Clause, not of the FAA. Fair enough. We do not
mean to suggest that the scope of is coterminous with the
scope of the Commerce Clause as it was interpreted at the
time of the FAA's adoption in 1925. After all, "exempts
from the FAA only contracts of employment of transporta-
tion workers." Circuit City Stores, Inc. v. Adams, (2001). And the statute speaks
of transportation workers "engaged in" interstate com-
merce, while Congress sometimes uses broader terms, like
"affecting" or "involving" interstate commerce, when it
wishes to regulate to the outer bounds of its authority under
the Commerce Clause. Saxon, 596 U. S., at 458. At the same time, we can hardly
blind ourselves to what this Court's cases said, both before
and around the time of the FAA's adoption, about what it
means to be "engaged in commerce between the States."
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

The Daniel Ball, 10 Wall., at 565. We think cases using the
same language as, or formulations very close to it, offer
probative evidence of what an ordinary person at the time
of the FAA's enactment would have understood its terms to
mean.
To be sure, and as Flowers highlights, we have held that
the phrase "engaged in" interstate commerce in denotes
a "direct," "necessary," and "activ[e]" role in moving goods
across borders. Saxon, 596 U. S., at 458. We reaffirm as much today. But we do not
see how any of that dictates the rule Flowers seeks. As the
hypothetical above and cases like The Daniel Ball illus-
trate, individuals can sometimes be direct, necessary, and
active participants in moving goods "from... points in one
state" to "points in another state" without crossing state
lines or interacting with vehicles that do. Black's 1001.
Unable to persuade us that the FAA incorporates its
cross-or-tag rule, Flowers hints at other reasons why Brock
might not qualify for 's exemption. Flowers observes, for
example, that it conducts its business with Brock through
a distribution agreement it has with an "independently op-
erated compan[y]" he owns. Brief for Petitioners 9. And,
indeed, some lower courts have found that relevant when
assessing whether a "contract of employment" exists suffi-
cient to trigger 's exemption. Compare Fli-Lo Falcon,
LLC v. Amazon.com, Inc., 97 F. 4th 1190, 1197 -- 1198 (CA9
2024) (holding inapplicable to a contract "between two
business entities"), with Silva v. Schmidt Baking Distribu-
tion, LLC, 162 F. 4th 354, 356 -- 357 (CA2 2025) (holding 
applicable to certain agreements with "single-employee cor-
porations"). Flowers also contends that Brock orders, pur-
chases, and takes title to Flowers's goods, before selling
them to local stores. Brief for Petitioners 21, 42. And,
again, some lower courts have found facts like those rele-
vant when assessing 's reach. See, e.g., Rittmann v. Am-
azon.com, Inc., 971 F. 3d 904, 916 (CA9 2020) (focusing on
8 FLOWERS FOODS, INC. v. BROCK

Opinion of the Court

whether a product has reached its "intended destinatio[n]"
under an interstate contract); 121 F. 4th, at 766 -- 767 (con-
sidering title changing hands); Immediato v. Postmates,
Inc., 54 F. 4th 67, 72, 78 (CA1 2022) (holding that intrastate
couriers fulfilling take-out orders made within the State are
not engaged in interstate commerce).
The trouble is that, while Flowers discusses these facts in
passing, it does not ask us to decide their legal significance.
Instead, it ventures all upon one cast, asking us to adopt a
bright-line rule that an individual can never qualify for 's
exemption unless he crosses state lines or interacts with ve-
hicles that do. And whatever other limits may or may
not contain, we do not see how the statutory text can sup-
port that one.
*
The judgment of the Tenth Circuit is affirmed.
It is so ordered.

============================================================

JUSTICE GORSUCH delivered the opinion of the Court.
New Jersey's Attorney General served a subpoena on a
nonprofit organization demanding the identities of its fi-
nancial supporters. We consider whether that organization
may challenge the subpoena's constitutionality in federal
court.
I
A
First Choice Women's Resource Centers, Inc., is a reli-
gious nonprofit organization that has provided counseling
and resources to pregnant women in New Jersey since
1985. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 115a -- 117a (Pet. App.). Be-
lieving that "life begins at conception," and seeking "to pro-
tect and honor life in all stages of development," the group
does not provide abortions or refer clients to others for abor-
tions. Id., at 116a -- 117a.
In 2022, New Jersey's Attorney General, Matthew Plat-
kin, established a "Reproductive Rights Strike Force."
Press Release, N. J. Office of the Attorney General, AG
Platkin Announces Actions To Protect Reproductive Health
2 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

Care Providers and Those Seeking Reproductive Care in
New Jersey (Dec. 7, 2022).1 Shortly after its creation, the
Strike Force issued a "consumer alert" in which it accused
groups like First Choice of "seek[ing] to prevent people from
accessing comprehensive reproductive health care" by
"provid[ing] false or misleading information about abor-
tion." App. 357 -- 358. The alert concluded by directing
women to abortion providers and asking members of the
public who believed they were "victim[s] of fraudulent, de-
ceptive, misleading, or unlawful conduct" to "please file a
complaint with the New Jersey Division of Consumer Af-
fairs." App. 361 -- 362.
Neither that division nor the Attorney General's office re-
ceived any complaints from the public about First Choice.
Tr. of Oral Arg. 81 -- 84. Even so, the Attorney General
served a subpoena on the group in 2023. The subpoena
stated that it had been issued pursuant to several New Jer-
sey laws, including the State's Consumer Fraud Act. Pet.
App. 90a. The subpoena "commanded" First Choice to pro-
duce various documents within 30 days and warned the
group (twice) that "[f]ailure to comply with this Subpoena
may render you liable for contempt of Court and such other
penalties as are provided by law." Id., at 89a -- 110a.
In all, the Attorney General demanded production of 28
categories of documents (categories that themselves in-
cluded as many as 29 subcategories). Most relevant for our
purposes, the subpoena directed First Choice to disclose
documents reflecting the names, phone numbers, ad-
dresses, and places of employment of all individuals who
had made "donations... to First Choice by any means other
than through" one specific webpage. Id., at 98a, 110a. Ef-
fectively, that demand required First Choice to provide

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Jennifer Davenport's name appears in the caption of this case because

she succeeded Mr. Platkin as New Jersey's Attorney General after this
case was argued and submitted for decision.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

personal information about donors who gave through two
other websites, through the group's various social media
pages, by mail, in person, or by any other means. See id.,
at 95a -- 101a, 110a. The subpoena sought documents about
donations received over the span of multiple years -- begin-
ning "from January 1, 2021" and extending "to the date of
[First Choice's] response." Id., at 91a.
Though the subpoena did not explain why the Attorney
General sought First Choice's donor records, Mr. Platkin
later represented that his office hoped to "contact a repre-
sentative sample [of donors to] determine" if they had "been
misled" by First Choice about its "mission and operations."
App. 345 -- 346. In his view, First Choice's solicitation mate-
rials -- including a donation webpage featuring pictures of
parents holding infants and young children, id., at 383 -- 
could mislead donors into thinking First Choice provides
abortions, see id., at 43, 308 -- 310.
B
Two days before the deadline to produce documents, First
Choice filed suit in federal district court seeking to prevent
the Attorney General from enforcing his document de-
mands. Pet. App. 111a -- 147a. Shortly after that, the Attor-
ney General responded with his own suit in state court.
There, he accused First Choice of violating state law by fail-
ing to comply with his subpoena. App. 50 -- 63. Between the
two suits, much litigation followed.
In the federal case at issue here, matters unfolded this
way. A federal law -- 42 U. S. C. -- authorizes suits
against any person who, under color of state law, deprives
another of his federal constitutional rights. First Choice
filed a complaint under that statute, arguing, among other
things, that the Attorney General's demand for information
about its donors violated its First Amendment rights. Pet.
App. 114a, 136a -- 138a. Specifically, First Choice observed
that the First Amendment "prohibits the government from
4 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

discouraging people from associating with others" "in pur-
suit of many political, social, economic, educational, reli-
gious, and cultural ends." Id., at 136a. And, First Choice
alleged, the Attorney General's subpoena had just that im-
permissible effect. Id., at 136a -- 138a. For its donors, the
group represented, "anonymity is of paramount im-
portance," and its inability to guarantee that anonymity in
the face of the Attorney General's demands injured the
group by discouraging donors from associating with it. Id.,
at 130a, 136a -- 137a.
In addition to its complaint, First Choice filed a motion
seeking a preliminary injunction prohibiting the Attorney
General from enforcing his subpoena. In support of its mo-
tion, First Choice tendered two declarations. In one, anon-
ymous donors represented that, if they "had known infor-
mation about the[ir] donation[s] might be disclosed to an
official hostile to pro-life organizations," "[e]ach of [them]
would have been less likely to donate to First Choice." Id.,
at 177a. The donors added that they submitted their dec-
laration anonymously because they believed they might
face retribution otherwise "given [the Attorney General's]
record of hostility toward pro-life groups." Id., at 175a. In
the second declaration, the group's executive director simi-
larly represented that the Attorney General's request
threatened to "weaken [First Choice's] ability to recruit new
donors... as prospective partners would be hesitant to risk
the revelation of their personal information through gov-
ernment investigation." Id., at 183a.
Ultimately, the district court issued an opinion both
denying First Choice's motion for a preliminary injunction
and dismissing its complaint. Without questioning First
Choice's allegations or evidence, the court held that the
group failed to state a justiciable claim as a matter of law.
Id., at 57a. In reaching that conclusion, the court pointed
to the ongoing state court suit. In it, a judge had directed
the Attorney General and First Choice to negotiate their
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

disagreements over the subpoena but had not yet compelled
First Choice "to disclose materials that [the group] believes
are constitutionally protected." Id., at 31a; see also id., at
23a, 155a -- 156a.
Given the absence of any state court order compelling
production, the district court reasoned, First Choice had yet
to suffer any injury from the subpoena and thus lacked Ar-
ticle III standing to challenge it in federal court. Id., at 23a,
31a -- 32a, 38a -- 39a,. To be sure, the district court rec-
ognized, an argument could be made that the subpoena "it-
self... by virtue of being issued" was causing First Choice
an "ongoing injury" to its First Amendment rights. Id., at
49a -- 50a. But, the court held, that injury was insufficient
to confer standing. Indeed, the court worried that allowing
the federal litigation to proceed while state proceedings re-
mained ongoing would "not [be] tolerable to our Nation's
federalism." Id., at 56a.
A divided panel of the Third Circuit affirmed. Much like
the district court, the majority reasoned that First Choice
had not established "enough of an injury" to permit its case
to proceed. Id., at 4a. Judge Bibas dissented. He would
have found the case justiciable because the subpoena's is-
suance burdened First Choice's present ability to associate
freely with its donors. See id., at 3a, n.
II
This case presents a narrow question. We are not asked
to decide the merits of First Choice's federal lawsuit, only
whether it may proceed. Article III of the Constitution
vests federal courts with the "judicial Power" to decide
"Cases" and "Controversies.", cl. 1. Inherent in that as-
signment is a "standing" requirement consisting of three el-
ements: "injury in fact, causation, and redressability." Di-
amond Alternative Energy, LLC v. EPA, -- 
111 (2025). Together, these elements help us distinguish
cases and controversies fit for judicial resolution from
6 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

questions of public policy reserved to the elected branches
or abstract disputes better left to the debating hall. See
ibid.
As this case comes to us, it centers on the injury-in-fact
element. To satisfy that element, a case must involve "an
injury that is concrete, particularized, and actual or immi-
nent." Id., at 111. Be-
cause this standard tolerates suits involving "actual or im-
minent" injuries, a party need not always wait for the
government to take coercive action against it before filing
suit to challenge the government's conduct. Instead, a liti-
gant may bring a pre-enforcement suit seeking prospective
relief against government officials so long as it faces "a cred-
ible threat of enforcement." See Susan B. Anthony List v.
Driehaus, 164 -- 167 (2014).
Before us, First Choice advances two arguments for why
it can satisfy the injury-in-fact requirement. First, the
group submits that the Attorney General's subpoena it-
self -- and specifically its demand for donor information -- 
has caused it to suffer an actual and ongoing injury to its
First Amendment rights by deterring donors from associat-
ing with it. Second, First Choice contends that it faces an
imminent future injury because with the subpoena came a
credible threat that the Attorney General would seek to en-
force it in state court if the group failed to comply. For our
purposes, it suffices to address only the first theory as it is
enough to carry the day.
A
The First Amendment guarantees all Americans the
rights to speak, worship, publish, assemble, and petition
their government freely. Each of these rights, this Court
has " 'long understood,' " necessarily carries with it " 'a cor-
responding right to associate with others.' " Americans for
Prosperity Foundation v. Bonta, (2021)
(AFP) 7

Opinion of the Court

609, 622 (1984)). Without such a right, no two men could
safely share the same soapbox, no two women the same
church. The government could reduce any assembly to a
party of one, and the right to petition would amount to noth-
ing more than the power to sign one's own name alone. Ap-
preciating all this, we have held that government actions
tending to "curtai[ l] the freedom to associate" warrant "the
closest scrutiny" under the First Amendment. NAACP v.
Alabama ex rel. Patterson, -- 461 (1958).
We have recognized, too, that associational rights carry
special significance for political, social, religious, and other
minorities. See id., at 462; Roberts, 468 U. S., at 622. With
the freedom to associate, minorities can "show their numer-
ical strength," influence policy, and "stimulate competition"
in the marketplace of ideas. 1 A. de Tocqueville, Democracy
in America 196 -- 197 (H. Reeve transl., rev. ed. 1900). But
take that freedom away and "dissident expression" stands
particularly vulnerable to marginalization or outright "sup-
pression by the majority," leaving all of society poorer for it.
Roberts, 468 U. S., at 622.
Our cases have held that governments can infringe free-
dom of association in varied ways. For example, govern-
ments might require a group to accept members it does not
want, deny benefits to an organization based on its mes-
sage, or punish individuals for their affiliations. See Boy
Scouts of America v. Dale, (2000); Healy
v. James, 181 -- 182 (1972); Elrod v.
Burns, (1976) (plurality opinion). We
have also held that "compelled disclosure of affiliation with
groups engaged in advocacy" can "constitute a[n] effective... restraint on freedom of association." NAACP v. Ala-
bama, 357 U. S., at 462.
NAACP v. Alabama addressed this last problem "in its
starkest form." AFP, 594 U. S., at 606. Responding to the
NAACP's efforts to promote integration in Alabama in the
1950s, the State's Attorney General (and future Governor)
8 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

John Patterson brought a lawsuit in state court. In it, he
contended that the NAACP was operating illegally in Ala-
bama because it had failed to register with the Secretary of
State as required by state law. NAACP v. Alabama, 357
U. S., at 451 -- 453. As remedy, he sought a judicial decree
effectively banning the organization from the State. Id., at
452. And to prove his allegation that the NAACP was op-
erating in Alabama, Mr. Patterson demanded the names
and addresses of all NAACP members and agents in the
State. Id., at 453. When the organization refused to dis-
close its membership rolls, a state court imposed a sanction
of $100,000 (over $1 million today), and the Alabama Su-
preme Court let the sanction stand. Id., at 453 -- 454.
This Court reversed that judgment. In doing so, we be-
gan by observing the "vital relationship" between "privacy
in one's associations" and the "freedom to associate." Id., at
462. Strip away the ability of individuals to work together
free from governmental oversight and intrusion, and the
freedom to associate may become no freedom at all -- indi-
viduals deterred, groups diminished, and their protected
advocacy suppressed. See ibid. Nor, we added, is it "a novel
perception" that these outcomes are "particularly" likely to
follow when the government seeks to intrude into the work-
ings of groups that hold "dissident beliefs" disfavored by
those holding the reins of power. Ibid.
Applying these observations to the case at hand, we held
that the Attorney General's demand for the NAACP's pri-
vate membership rolls burdened the constitutional right of
the organization's members "to pursue their collective effort
to foster beliefs which they admittedly have the right to ad-
vocate," given the demand's tendency to "induce members
to withdraw from the Association and dissuade others from
joining it." Id., at 463. Because the Attorney General had
not identified any interest "sufficient to justify the deter-
rent effect" associated with his disclosure demand, we con-
tinued, it could not be sustained. Id., at 463 -- 466.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

Since NAACP v. Alabama, we have faced many cases
along similar lines. In them, one state authority or another
has demanded private donor or member information. And
in one case after another we have subjected those demands
to heightened First Amendment scrutiny. Throughout, we
have emphasized the critical role " 'privacy in... associa-
tio[n]' " plays " 'in preserving political and cultural diversity
and in shielding dissident expression from suppression.' "
AFP, 594 U. S., at 606 -- 607. We have acknowledged, too,
that demands for private donor information "inevitabl[y]"
carry with them a "deterrent effect on the exercise of First
Amendment rights." Buckley v. Valeo, 
(1976) (per curiam). See, e.g., Bates v. Little Rock, (1960); Louisiana ex rel. Gremillion v. NAACP, -- 297 (1961); Gibson v. Florida Legislative In-
vestigation Comm., (1963); Brown v. So-
cialist Workers '74 Campaign Comm. (Ohio), -- 92 (1982).
Our most recent encounter with a demand for donor in-
formation came five years ago in AFP. There, California
Attorney General Rob Bonta sent "deficiency letters" to the
Americans for Prosperity Foundation and the Thomas More
Law Center -- the first, a charity " 'devoted to education and
training about... constitutionally limited government' ";
the second, "a public interest law firm whose 'mission is to
protect religious freedom,... family values, and the sanc-
tity of human life.' " 594 U. S., at 602 -- 603. In his letters,
Mr. Bonta sought the names and addresses of anyone who
donated more than $5,000 in a single year to either group.
Id., at 602. When the organizations protested that they
kept donor information private "[o]ut of concern for their
donors' anonymity," the Attorney General responded by
threatening fines and the suspension of each organization's
status as a tax-exempt charity. Id., at 602 -- 603.
We held that the State's demand, like others before it, vi-
olated the First Amendment. To be sure, the Attorney
10 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

General "trie[d] to downplay" the impact his demand had
on associational rights, stressing that he promised to keep
the groups' donor information to himself and prohibit its
public dissemination. Id., at 615. But we found that prom-
ise of no moment. Demands for private donor information,
we held, "chill" protected First Amendment associational
rights even when those demands contemplate disclosure
only to government officials and not " 'the general public.' "
Id., at 616 ). So any demand for donor information, we said,
must overcome heightened First Amendment scrutiny
"given the 'deterrent effect on the exercise of First Amend-
ment rights' that arises as an 'inevitable result of the gov-
ernment's conduct.' " AFP, 594 U. S., at 607 (opinion of
ROBERTS, C. J.). Nor, we
ruled, could the Attorney General satisfy heightened First
Amendment scrutiny, as his document demand was not suf-
ficiently tailored to serve the government interests that he
asserted. 594 U. S., at 611 -- 619 (majority opinion).
B
Against this backdrop, the question before us all but an-
swers itself. First Choice has established a present injury
to its First Amendment associational rights.
Start with the Attorney General's subpoena. It told First
Choice: "You are hereby commanded to produce" a variety
of documents, including ones "sufficient to Identify dona-
tions made to First Choice by any means other than
through" one webpage. Pet. App. 89a, 110a. The subpoena
defined the term "Identify" as requiring First Choice to pro-
vide each donor's "(a) full name; (b) present or last known
address; (c) phone number; [and] (d) present or last known
place of employment." Id., at 98a. Twice, the subpoena
warned First Choice that "[f]ailure to comply with this Sub-
poena may render you liable for contempt of Court and such
other penalties as are provided by law." Id., at 90a.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

Next, recall First Choice's complaint. Because the dis-
trict court dismissed this suit for lack of subject matter ju-
risdiction as a matter of law, the parties take as given that
we may treat all the complaint's well-pleaded allegations as
true for purposes of our analysis. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 44,
60 -- 67. In its complaint, First Choice alleged that it keeps
donor information private. Pet. App. 130a. The group al-
leged, too, that the Attorney General had publicly called
pro-life groups " 'extremists' " and suggested that
" 'charges' " might be brought against them. Id., at 119a -- 
120a. Given this, the complaint continued, the Attorney
General's demand for donor records "discourages... indi-
viduals and entities from associating with First Choice" out
of "fear that they themselves will face retaliation." Id., at
137a. And, First Choice asserted, the "risk of loss of donors... greatly jeopardizes [its] ability to carry out its religious
mission." Id., at 131a.
Finally, consider First Choice's two unrebutted declara-
tions. In the first, several donors represented that "[e]ach
of us would have been less likely to donate to First Choice
if we had known information about the donation might be
disclosed" to the Attorney General. Id., at 177a. The donors
added that they submitted their declaration anonymously
because they feared what they called the Attorney Gen-
eral's "record of hostility toward pro-life groups." Id., at
175a. In the second declaration, First Choice's executive
director stated that the Attorney General's demand threat-
ened to "weaken [the group's] ability to recruit new donors... as prospective partners would be hesitant to risk the
revelation of their personal information through govern-
ment investigation." Id., at 183a.
All this is more than enough to establish injury in fact
under our precedents. An injury in fact does not arise only
when a defendant causes a tangible harm to a plaintiff, like
a physical injury or monetary loss. It can also arise when a
defendant burdens a plaintiff 's constitutional rights. See
12 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

TransUnion LLC v. Ramirez, (2021).
And our cases have long recognized that demands for a
charity's private member or donor information have just
that effect. They " 'discourag[e]' " people from associating
with groups engaged in protected First Amendment advo-
cacy. NAACP v. Alabama, 357 U. S., at 460 -- 463. They also
encourage groups and individuals to cease or modify pro-
tected First Amendment advocacy the government disfa-
vors. See id.; Shelton, 364 U. S., at 485 -- 487. All this occurs
not just when a demand is enforced, but when it is made
and for as long as it remains outstanding. As we have put
it, a demand for private donor information "inevitabl[y]" de-
ters the exercise of First Amendment rights, Buckley, 424
U. S., at 65, and can do so "as effectivel[y]" as other "forms
of governmental action" might, NAACP v. Alabama, 357
U. S., at 462.
A more general principle, too, confirms the specific lesson
our cases teach on this score. Across contexts, we have said,
courts may make "commonsense inferences" when as-
sessing Article III standing, including inferences about
"third party behavior." Diamond Alternative Energy, 606
U. S., at 116. And "organizations span[ning] the ideological
spectrum" confirm the reasonableness of the inferences our
cases have drawn about the burdens that demands for pri-
vate donor information inevitably impose on protected First
Amendment rights. AFP, 594 U. S., at 617. Groups rang-
ing from the American Civil Liberties Union to the National
Taxpayers Union Foundation to the Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter-day Saints have filed briefs in this case explaining
that, "[e]ven if a subpoena targeting First Amendment ac-
tivity is never enforced in court, [it] will give its targets a
very good reason to clam up [and] give the target organiza-
tion's members and supporters a very good reason to aban-
don the cause." Brief for Foundation for Individual Rights
and Expression, American Civil Liberties Union, and Amer-
ican Civil Liberties Union of New Jersey as Amici Curiae 6
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

(FIRE Brief); see also Brief for National Taxpayers Union
Foundation as Amicus Curiae; Brief for The Church of Je-
sus Christ of Latter-day Saints, et al. as Amici Curiae.
Worse, amici represent, officials "across the political spec-
trum" have sometimes issued subpoenas and other investi-
gatory demands in order to secure just these results. FIRE
Brief 4; see also id., at 12 -- 23 (collecting examples).
Each of these strands tightens the braid into one conclu-
sion. From its allegations and declarations, and given our
many and longstanding precedents in the area and reason-
able inferences about third party behavior, First Choice has
established that the Attorney General's demand for private
donor information injures the group's First Amendment as-
sociational rights.2
III
The Attorney General does not dispute much of this. He
admits that a party suffering an "objectively reasonable
chill" to its First Amendment associational rights has an
injury in fact sufficient to give rise to Article III standing.
See Brief for Respondent 1 -- 3. He does not question that an
official demand for private donor information can "objec-
tively chill" a charity's protected First Amendment associa-
tional freedoms. See id., at 26 -- 31.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 First Choice contends that our First Amendment charitable solicita-

tion precedents independently support its assertion of a present Article
III injury. We have held that the First Amendment's speech clause "pro-
tects [the] right to solicit charitable contributions." Americans for Pros-
perity Foundation v. Bonta, (2021); see also Schaum-
burg v. Citizens for Better Environment, -- 633 (1980).
That right limits a government's ability to make demands of charities
that would have the "predictable result" of rendering their "solicitations... unsuccessful." Riley v. National Federation of Blind of N. C., Inc.,
-- 800 (1988). Given our conclusion that First Choice
has standing on other grounds, we have no need to resolve whether Mr.
Platkin's disclosure demand burdens the group's solicitation rights.
14 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

Notably, too, Mr. Platkin declines to defend the district
court's ruling that "our Nation's federalism" does not "tol-
era[te]" First Choice's effort to have a federal court adjudi-
cate its federal suit while state court litigation over the sub-
poena remains ongoing. Pet. App. 56a. Nor does Mr.
Platkin defend the Court of Appeals' similar assessment
that First Choice must first litigate its constitutional objec-
tions in state court in order to "ripe[n]" its constitutional
claims. Id., at 4a.
He does not defend the lower courts' views for good rea-
son. First Choice brought this suit under 42 U. S. C..
Congress enacted that provision with the express goal of
ensuring a federal forum to citizens who claim that state
actors have violated their constitutional rights. See En-
forcement Act of Apr. 20, 1871, 17 Stat. 13; U. S. Const.,
Amdt. 14, ; Knick v. Township of Scott, 
(2019). And federal courts have a "virtually unflagging" ob-
ligation to exercise the jurisdiction given them. Sprint
Communications, Inc. v. Jacobs, (2013) (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted); see also Knick, 588 U. S.,
at 194. Of course, certain "abstention" doctrines supply
narrow exceptions to that rule when state proceedings are
ongoing. See, e.g., Younger v. Harris, (1971).
But the lower courts did not find, and Mr. Platkin does not
argue, that any of this Court's abstention doctrines apply to
this case.
Despite all this, the Attorney General insists that First
Choice has not suffered any injury and thus cannot main-
tain this lawsuit for three reasons. First, he contends that
the subpoenas his office issues are "non-self-executing" and
subpoenas of that sort cannot "objectively chill" First
Amendment rights as a categorical matter. Second, he
claims that, even if non-self-executing subpoenas can "ob-
jectively chill" First Amendment rights, the subpoena he is-
sued to First Choice did not. Third, he suggests that, even
if his subpoena did "objectively chill" First Choice's
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

associational rights when he issued it, his later promise to
refrain from making First Choice's donor information pub-
lic effectively cured that chill.
A
Take each argument in turn, starting with the Attorney
General's most ambitious submission. He says that subpoe-
nas issued by his office are "non-self-executing." Brief for
Respondent 7. Translated, that means they "impose no ob-
ligations of their own." Id., at 3. Instead, any legal duty to
produce records arises only when a court agrees to enforce
the subpoena. Categorically, he says, this means a recipi-
ent of a non-self-executing subpoena like the one he issued
to First Choice suffers no injury unless and until a court
enforces it.
This conclusion does not follow from its premises. "[T]he
value of a sword of Damocles is that it hangs -- not that it
drops." Arnett v. Kennedy, (1974) (Mar-
shall, J., dissenting). Much the same holds true for the sub-
poena before us. It "commanded" First Choice to produce
private donor information. Pet. App. 89a. And it warned
that failure to comply "may render [the group] liable for
contempt of Court" or "other penalties." Id., at 90a.
Whether that command and those penalties were immedi-
ately enforceable or depended on subsequent court action,
the most First Choice could say to existing and prospective
donors after receiving Mr. Platkin's subpoena was that
their privacy might be protected -- or it might not. Objec-
tively reasonable people interested both in their privacy
and in associating with First Choice would "not lightly dis-
regard" such a distinct possibility of disclosure. Bantam
Books, Inc. v. Sullivan, (1963). An objec-
tively reasonable recipient of a demand like that would be
induced, as well, to trim its protected advocacy knowing it
now stands in the government's crosshairs. See NAACP v.
Alabama, 357 U. S., at 460 -- 463; Shelton, 364 U. S., at 485 -- 
16 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

487; cf. Virginia v. American Booksellers Assn., Inc., (1988) (self-censorship in response to a "well-
founded fear that the law will be enforced against them" is
an injury in fact "that can be realized even without an ac-
tual prosecution").
Seeking to persuade us otherwise, the Attorney General
tries to analogize this case to Laird v. Tatum, 
(1972), where we found the plaintiffs' alleged First Amend-
ment injury merely "subjective" and self-imposed, and thus
insufficient to create a justiciable controversy. Id., at 13 -- 
14. But this case is nothing like that one. There, the plain-
tiffs alleged that their First Amendment associational
rights were "chilled" not by any "specific action... against
them," but "by the mere existence, without more" of a gov-
ernment program they thought was "inappropriate" or
"dangerous." Id., at 3, 10, 13. Here, by contrast, the Attorney General targeted
First Choice for investigation. He commanded production
of its private donor information. And his command, even if
not immediately enforceable, is backed by a threat of court-
ordered compliance followed by the possibility of sanctions
should First Choice resist.
Failing in one analogy, Mr. Platkin attempts another.
This time he points to Pakdel v. City and County of San
Francisco, (2021) (per curiam). In that case,
we explained that a plaintiff normally cannot sue in federal
court over an alleged regulatory taking until local land use
authorities "commi[t] to a position" regarding how "the reg-
ulations at issue apply to the particular land in question."
Id., at 478 -- 479. Apply-
ing the same logic here, Mr. Platkin insists, means that
First Choice should not be allowed to challenge his sub-
poena in federal court until state court proceedings
have run their course. Until then, after all, his non-self-
executing subpoena is "subject to negotiation" and it
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

remains uncertain which of its demands will be enforced.
Brief for Respondent 25, 27.
But even setting aside the question whether a Takings
Clause rule might be properly transposed into the First
Amendment context, the rule Mr. Platkin invokes has little
purchase here. He "committed to a position" when he is-
sued his subpoena demanding donor records. To be sure,
he remained free to narrow the scope of his demands later,
and he might fail to secure a judicial order compelling pro-
duction. But none of this means he failed to commit to a
position. Nor does any of this undo the "inevitable" injury
First Choice experienced to its associational rights when
Mr. Platkin issued his subpoena -- an injury that it contin-
ues to experience so long as the subpoena remains out-
standing. Buckley, 424 U. S., at 65.
Below, the district court offered still another analogy to
the same end. It pointed to lower court decisions applying
Reisman v. Caplin, (1964). See Pet. App. 77a -- 
80a, and. In Reisman, and its cousin, FTC v. Claire
Furnace Co., (1927), this Court confronted ef-
forts to enjoin non-self-executing federal administrative
subpoenas before a court directed their enforcement. See
Reisman, 375 U. S., at 444 -- 446; Claire Furnace, 274 U. S.,
at 165 -- 166, 173 -- 174. In both cases, we read the governing
statutes in question as preferring federal court review only
after the government sought to compel production. See
Reisman, 375 U. S., at 446 -- 450; Claire Furnace, 274 U. S.,
at 174. And in both cases, we held that the availability of
federal court review on the back end provided the plaintiffs
"an adequate remedy at law," which meant that their pre-
emptive requests for injunctive relief were subject to dis-
missal "for want of equity." Reisman, 375 U. S., at 443 (re-
citing the usual rule that an equitable remedy is unavaila-
ble when an adequate remedy at law is available); accord,
Claire Furnace, 274 U. S., at 174. In much the same way,
the district court concluded, First Choice cannot sue
18 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

preemptively to challenge the Attorney General's subpoena,
but must instead wait for the state court litigation to play
out.
This analogy works no better than its predecessors.
First, the plaintiffs in Reisman and Claire Furnace did not
allege a present injury from the subpoena itself, but com-
plained only of future injuries they might face if a court en-
forced the subpoena. See Reisman, 375 U. S., at 442, 449 -- 
450; Claire Furnace, 274 U. S., at 165 -- 166. Because a per-
son in those plaintiffs' shoes "would suffer no injury while
testing" the subpoena in federal court, we were able to
"[f]in[d] that the remedy specified by Congress," i.e., review
upon enforcement, "works no injustice and suffers no con-
stitutional invalidity." Reisman, 375 U. S., at 449 -- 450.
The same conclusion does not follow in cases like this one,
where a plaintiff suffers ongoing injuries from the subpoena
itself. See Media Matters for Am. v. Paxton, 138 F. 4th 563,
582 -- 583 (CADC 2025).
Second, Reisman and Claire Furnace concerned equity
practice, not Article III standing. And the "adequate rem-
edy at law" we found sufficient to divest us of equitable au-
thority in those cases involved litigation in federal court
when the federal government would sue to enforce the sub-
poenas at issue. See Reisman, 375 U. S., at 446 -- 450; Claire
Furnace, 274 U. S., at 174. Here, by contrast, the district
court sought to force First Choice to litigate in state court
before coming to federal court. That difference matters be-
cause, even as a matter of equity practice, "[i]t is settled
that no adequate remedy at law exists, so as to deprive fed-
eral courts of equity jurisdiction, unless it is available in the
federal courts." Petroleum Exploration, Inc. v. Public Serv.
Comm'n, (1938).
Third, our cases have already rejected the notion that a
litigant must exhaust available state court remedies before
seeking to vindicate its federal constitutional rights in fed-
eral court under. Knick, 588 U. S., at 185. Section
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

Opinion of the Court

1983 guarantees a federal forum for plaintiffs who claim
unconstitutional treatment at the hands of state officials.
Requiring plaintiffs to exhaust state court remedies before
they may avail themselves of 's promise, we have said,
would "hollow" out the statute. Ibid. Such a rule, too,
would threaten litigants with a "preclusion trap." Ibid. Un-
der it, a plaintiff who goes to state court and loses would
find its claim forever barred in federal court under princi-
ples of res judicata. In that way, 's promise of a fed-
eral forum would "di[e] aborning." Ibid.
B
Moving from the categorical to the case specific, the At-
torney General submits that, even if a non-self-executing
subpoena seeking donor information can objectively chill
First Amendment freedoms, his subpoena to First Choice
did not. Yes, that subpoena sought information about those
who donate to the group by almost any means, whether in
person, over the phone, or online. See Pet. App. 95a -- 101a,
110a. But, the Attorney General stresses, the subpoena did
not seek information about individuals who give through
one website. See id., at 110a. The Attorney General says
he is content this specific website could not mislead a po-
tential donor into thinking that First Choice provides or re-
fers for abortions. Brief for Respondent 28. Accordingly, he
will permit First Choice to solicit funds through that ave-
nue without disclosing the identities of those who donate
through it. That permission, the Attorney General submits,
means First Choice has suffered no First Amendment in-
jury. Id., at 27 -- 29.
This argument misapprehends the Article III standing
inquiry. A government that takes three limbs but spares
the last imposes an injury all the same. So too here. The
question before us isn't how badly the Attorney General has
burdened First Choice's associational rights; the question is
whether he has burdened those rights at all. And by
20 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

effectively restricting how First Choice may interact pri-
vately with its donors, the subpoena did just that. Were the
rule otherwise, the government could channel the ability of
disfavored groups to associate through narrow and state-
preferred forms. In doing so, it could achieve exactly what
the First Amendment forbids, marginalizing dissident
voices and reshaping the marketplace of ideas to its pleas-
ure, all while evading any legal challenge to its actions.
None of that is consistent with our Constitution, which pro-
hibits "subtle... interference" with protected liberties no
less than it does "heavy-handed frontal attack[s]." Bates,
361 U. S., at 523.
In a separate but similar vein, Mr. Platkin contends that
any injury initially associated with his subpoena dissipated
later. On the day before oral argument in the Third Circuit,
he sent a letter to First Choice indicating that he would be
"willing to narrow" his demands and accept information
about donors who give through just two websites. Supp.
App. to Reply Brief on Pet. for Cert. 2a (Supp. App.). At
least that, Mr. Platkin maintains, was surely enough to end
any injury his subpoena imposed and moot this case. Brief
for Respondent 24 -- 25.
Not so. A defendant seeking to moot a case by abandon-
ing his injurious conduct carries a "heavy burden." Trinity
Lutheran Church of Columbia, Inc. v. Comer, (2017). Among
other things, he "must prove no reasonable expectation re-
mains that [he] will return to [his] old ways." FBI v. Fikre,
(2024) (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). That is a standard Mr. Platkin cannot meet. His let-
ter expressly "reserve[d] the right to seek identities of other
donors... through a separate subpoena." Supp. App. 2a.
Even more than that, he continued to insist on the disclo-
sure of donor information collected through two websites.
As with his earlier offer to allow anonymous donations
through one website, this later proposal might have
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

Opinion of the Court

mitigated the scope of First Choice's injury, but it did not
extinguish it.
C
In a last push, the Attorney General suggests that his de-
mand cannot injure First Choice because a state court will
soon, and with his assent, issue a protective order requiring
him to keep confidential any documents the group pro-
duces. As a result, First Choice and its donors have no need
to worry about donor information becoming public. Brief
for Respondent 30.
This response fares no better than the rest. Put aside
that no such protective order presently exists. Put aside
the possibility that, even with a protective order in place,
donor information might wind up in the public domain due
to a hack or leak. Cf. AFP, 594 U. S., at 616, n. Put aside
the risk of harassment and reprisals that could invite. See
Pet. App. 182a (declaration discussing hostility sometimes
directed against "pro-life organizations"). And put aside
that risks along those lines are "heightened in the 21st cen-
tury," where almost "anyone with... a computer" can ac-
cess information once it migrates to the public domain.
AFP, 594 U. S., at 617.
Even taken on its own terms, this response falls short.
An official demand for private donor information is enough
to discourage reasonable individuals from associating with
a group. It is enough to discourage groups from expressing
dissident views. A government that chooses to make pri-
vate donor information public may make the damage worse.
But "[e]ven if there [is] no disclosure to the general public,
the pressure" to avoid ties and speech "which might dis-
please" officials demanding disclosure can "be constant and
heavy." Shelton, 364 U. S., at 486; see also AFP, 594 U. S.,
at 616 ("assurances of confidentiality... do not eliminate"
the First Amendment injury caused by a demand for pri-
vate member or donor information). Just ask yourself,
22 FIRST CHOICE WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTERS, INC. v.
DAVENPORT
Opinion of the Court

would it have been an answer in NAACP v. Alabama if the
State's Attorney General promised to keep the NAACP's
membership rolls to himself ?
*
Since the 1950s, this Court has confronted one official de-
mand after another like the Attorney General's. Over and
again, we have held those demands burden the exercise of
First Amendment rights. Disputing none of these prece-
dents but seeking ways around them, the Attorney General
has offered a variety of arguments. Some are old, some are
new, but none succeeds. Accordingly, the judgment of the
Third Circuit is reversed, and the case is remanded for fur-
ther proceedings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

============================================================

JUSTICE GORSUCH delivered the opinion of the Court.
Kaley Chiles is a mental-health counselor in Colorado. In
this case, we consider her First Amendment challenge to a
state law regulating what she may say when speaking with
her clients.
I
A
According to Ms. Chiles's verified complaint, she holds a
master's degree in clinical mental health and a state coun-
seling license. App. to Pet. for Cert. 212a (App.). Clients
seek her help on a wide variety of mental-health issues, in-
cluding trauma, addiction, "eating disorders, gender dys-
phoria[,] and sexuality." Id., at 206a -- 207a, 215a. Ms.
Chiles "does not begin counseling" on any topic "with any
predetermined goals." Id., at 207a. Nor does she seek to
"impose her values or beliefs" on clients. Id., at 212a. In-
stead, she "sits down... and talks to them about their
goals." Id., at 207a; see also id., at 213a. Only after clients
have identified their own aspirations does Ms. Chiles begin
2 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

"formulat[ing] methods of counseling that will most benefit"
them. Id., at 207a. In any counseling that follows, as well,
Ms. Chiles seeks to respect her "clients' fundamental right
of self-determination." Ibid.
On matters of sexuality and gender, Ms. Chiles's clients,
including minors, come to her with different goals in mind.
Some "are content with" their sexual orientation and gen-
der identity and seek assistance only with "social issues,
family relationships," and the like. Id., at 207a, 213a -- 214a.
In cases like those, Ms. Chiles does not try to persuade her
clients to "change their attractions, behavior, or identity,"
but aims instead to help them address their stated goals.
Id., at 214a; see also id., at 207a. Other clients, however,
come to her hoping to "reduce or eliminate unwanted sexual
attractions, change sexual behaviors, or grow in the experi-
ence of harmony with [their] bod[ies]." Ibid. And in these
cases, too, Ms. Chiles seeks to help her clients reach their
own stated objectives. Ibid. In doing so, she does not pre-
scribe any medicines, perform any physical treatments, or
engage in any coercive or aversive practices. Id., at 205a -- 
207a. All Ms. Chiles offers is talk therapy. Ibid.
B
In 2019, Colorado adopted a law prohibiting licensed
counselors from engaging in "conversion therapy" with mi-
nors. Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 245 -- 224(1)(t)(V) (2025). The
State reports that it adopted the law "in response to a grow-
ing mental health crisis among Colorado teenagers and
mounting evidence that conversion therapy is associated
with increased depression, anxiety, suicidal thoughts, and
suicide attempts." Brief for Respondents 11 -- 12. Any Col-
oradan who thinks a licensed counselor is engaging in con-
version therapy may file a complaint with a regulatory
board. See -- 245 -- 226(1)(a)(II)(B). A complaint, in turn,
triggers a disciplinary review process that can yield a fine,
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

probation, or the loss of a license. See -- 245 -- 225; Brief
for Respondents 9.
The term "conversion therapy" may evoke physical tech-
niques such as " 'electric shoc[k ]' " therapy aimed at chang-
ing an individual's sexual orientation or gender identity.
Id., at 4. But Colorado's ban on conversion therapy reaches
further, forbidding "any practice or treatment... that at-
tempts... to change an individual's sexual orientation or
gender identity." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(a).
The law forbids as well any "effor[t] to change behaviors or
gender expressions or to eliminate or reduce sexual or ro-
mantic attraction or feelings toward individuals of the same
sex." Ibid. At the same time, the law explicitly allows coun-
selors to engage in "practices" that provide "[a]cceptance,
support, and understanding for the facilitation of an indi-
vidual's... identity exploration and development." -- 
245 -- 202(3.5)(b)(I). Likewise, the law allows counselors to
provide "[a]ssistance to a person undergoing gender transi-
tion." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(b)(II).
After Colorado adopted its new law, Ms. Chiles filed suit
in federal court and sought a preliminary injunction prohib-
iting the State from enforcing it against her. She did not
dispute that the statute has many valid applications. In-
deed, Ms. Chiles did not take issue with Colorado's effort to
ban what she herself calls "long-abandoned, aversive" phys-
ical interventions. Brief for Petitioner 10. Instead, Ms.
Chiles objected to Colorado's law only as it applies to her
talk therapy, therapy that involves no physical interven-
tions or medications, only the spoken word. Motion for Pre-
liminary Injunction in No. 22 -- cv -- 2287 (D Colo.), ECF Doc.
29, pp. 2 -- 3, 15.
Ms. Chiles's as-applied challenge ran this way. With re-
spect to gender identity, she claimed, the law permits her
to speak in ways that encourage a client " 'undergoing gen-
der transition,' " but the law prohibits her from speaking in
ways that help a client "realign [his] identity with [his] sex."
4 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

Brief for Petitioner 11; see ECF Doc. 29, at 17 -- 20. With
respect to sexual orientation, Ms. Chiles continued, Colo-
rado's law similarly allows her to affirm a client's sexual
orientation, but prohibits her from speaking in any way
that helps a client "change" his sexual attractions or behav-
iors. Brief for Petitioner 11; see ECF Doc. 29, at 17 -- 20.
Even though Colorado's law surely has other constitutional
applications, she insisted, these constraints strip her of her
First Amendment right to speak freely with her clients in
ways she believes might help them meet "their own goals."
Brief for Petitioner 12; see ECF Doc. 29, at 2 -- 3.
C
Both the district court and the Tenth Circuit determined
that Ms. Chiles had Article III standing to pursue her as-
applied pre-enforcement challenge. 116 F. 4th 1178, 1199,
1201 (2024); Civ. Action No. 1:22 -- cv -- 2287 (D Colo., Dec. 19,
2022), App. 139a.
In support of their conclusion, both courts read Colorado's
law as prohibiting licensed counselors like Ms. Chiles from
engaging in any attempt -- including through speech -- to
help a minor client change his gender identity or sexual ori-
entation. 116 F. 4th, at 1197; App. 141a -- 142a. Both courts
understood this prohibition as extending to any attempt -- 
including through speech -- to change a client's "behaviors
or gender expressions or to eliminate or reduce sexual or
romantic attraction or feelings toward individuals of the
same sex." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(a); see 116 F. 4th, at 1197;
App. 141a -- 142a. As both courts saw it, too, Ms. Chiles had
previously spoken in ways the law now forbids, and she
would continue speaking the same way but for Colorado's
new law. 116 F. 4th, at 1196 -- 1198; App. 141a -- 142a. Fi-
nally, both courts concluded that Ms. Chiles had alleged a
"credible threat" that the State would enforce its law
against her if she continued speaking as she had in the past
and wished to do in the future. Indeed, both courts
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

observed, Colorado authorities had refused to disavow
bringing enforcement actions against her. 116 F. 4th, at
1198 -- 1199; App. 142a -- 144a.
Under these circumstances, the courts held, Ms. Chiles
faced an "ongoing injury resulting from the statute's
chilling effect" on her speech. 116 F. 4th, at 1195 ; see App. 140a -- 141a. Satisfied
as well that Ms. Chiles's injury was traceable to Colorado's
law and redressable by an as-applied constitutional ruling
in her favor, both courts held that she possessed Article III
standing to bring suit. 116 F. 4th, at 1194, 1199; App. 145a,. In coming to this conclusion, the lower courts joined
others that have found standing in similar cases involving
similar statutes. See, e.g., Tingley v. Ferguson, 47 F. 4th
1055, 1066 (CA9 2022); Catholic Charities of Jackson, Le-
nawee and Hillsdale Ctys. v. Whitmer, 162 F. 4th 686, 691
(CA6 2025).*

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*We, too, agree that Ms. Chiles has standing. Before us, Colorado only
halfheartedly contests the point, suggesting Ms. Chiles cannot establish
a present "intention" to speak in a way the law forbids. Brief for Re-
spondents 23,. But the State's argument is based not on some new
insight about Ms. Chiles's state of mind, only a new and narrowed con-
struction of the statute that the State advances for the first time in this
Court. Id., at 18 -- 19. Colorado's late-breaking construction of its law,
however, would render much of the law's language superfluous. Reply
Brief 2 -- 6; People v. Rodriguez-Morelos, 562 P. 3d 71, 73 (Colo. 2025) (re-
citing the presumption against surplusage when construing state stat-
utes). The State's new interpretation also seemingly stands at odds with
how the State itself understood its law in proceedings below. See, e.g.,
Motion to Dismiss Complaint in No. 22 -- cv -- 2287 (D Colo.), ECF Doc. 52,
p. 5,. Separately, Colorado suggests that Ms. Chiles has not shown
a credible threat that the State will enforce its law against her. Brief for
Respondents 23,. But Colorado has fought this suit through three
courts over three years and, at argument here, expressly declined to dis-
avow enforcement against Ms. Chiles. Tr. of Oral Arg. 80 -- 81. As the
lower courts held, no more is required under this Court's precedents. 116
F. 4th, at 1199; App. 145a; see Susan B. Anthony List v. Driehaus, (2014).
6 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

Turning to the merits, both the district court and the
Tenth Circuit denied Ms. Chiles's request for a preliminary
injunction. The courts recognized that Ms. Chiles provides
only "talk therapy." 116 F. 4th, at 1193; see App. 152a. And
they acknowledged that Colorado's law regulates the "ver-
bal language" she may use. 116 F. 4th, at 1208; see App.
152a. But, the courts held, the main thrust of the State's
law is to delineate which "treatments" and "therapeutic mo-
dalit[ies]" are permissible. 116 F. 4th, at 1208, 1210; see
App. 151a. Accordingly, the courts reasoned that Colo-
rado's law is best understood as regulating "professional
conduct." 116 F. 4th, at 1206, 1208, 1214; see App. 151a,
155a. At most, they continued, Colorado's law regulates
speech only "incidentally" to professional conduct. 116
F. 4th, at 1204; see App. 155a. As a result, the courts con-
cluded, Colorado's law triggers no more than "rational basis
review" under the First Amendment, requiring the State to
show merely that its law is rationally related to a legitimate
governmental interest. 116 F. 4th, at 1215; App. 156a. Be-
cause the State satisfied that standard, the courts held that
Ms. Chiles was not entitled to the relief she sought. 116
F. 4th, at 1220 -- 1221; App. 157a.
At the Tenth Circuit, Judge Hartz dissented. As he saw
it, the majority committed "several fundamental errors."
116 F. 4th, at 1227. While Colorado's law may ban conduct
in other applications, he observed, with respect to Ms.
Chiles it regulates only what she may and may not say. Id.,
at 1231. And under this Court's precedents, he argued, that
kind of speech regulation triggers far more demanding scru-
tiny than mere rational-basis review. Id., at 1226 -- 1229.
Nor, Judge Hartz continued, does the fact that Ms. Chiles
happens to hold a professional license change the equation.
Id., at 1229 -- 1230. To the contrary, he said, the majority's
effort to recast Ms. Chiles's speech as "professional conduct"
amounted to little more "than a labeling game." Id., at 1231.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

After the Tenth Circuit ruled, Ms. Chiles sought certio-
rari. In doing so, she argued that the Tenth Circuit's deci-
sion "worsened a circuit conflict" over how the First Amend-
ment interacts with laws like Colorado's. Pet. for Cert. 16;
compare 116 F. 4th, at 1221, and Tingley, 47 F. 4th, at
1077, with Catholic Charities of Jackson, 162 F. 4th, at 696;
Otto v. Boca Raton, 981 F. 3d 854, 868 -- 870 (CA11 2020);
King v. Governor of New Jersey, 767 F. 3d 216, 229 (CA3
2014), abrogated in part by National Institute of Family
and Life Advocates v. Becerra, -- 769
(2018) (NIFLA); Tingley v. Ferguson, 57 F. 4th 1072, 1083 -- 
1085 (CA9 2023) (Bumatay, J., dissenting from denial of re-
hearing en banc).
We agreed to hear the case. (2024).
II
The question before us is a narrow one. Ms. Chiles does
not question that Colorado's law banning conversion ther-
apy has some constitutionally sound applications. See Brief
for Petitioner 53. She does not take issue with the State's
effort to prohibit what she herself calls "long-abandoned,
aversive" physical interventions. Id., at 10. Instead, Ms.
Chiles stresses that she provides only talk therapy, employ-
ing no physical techniques or medications. Yet, she argues,
Colorado's law still applies to her, prescribing what she may
say in "voluntary counseling conversations" with her cli-
ents. Id., at 50. And because that application of the law
strikes at the heart of the First Amendment's protections
for free speech, she contends, it warrants considerably more
searching scrutiny than the rational-basis review the Tenth
Circuit applied in this case or the intermediate-scrutiny re-
view some other lower courts have employed in cases like
hers. Id., at 38; see, e.g., King, 767 F. 3d, at 237. We agree.
To explain why, we begin by outlining the relevant First
Amendment principles that govern us before discussing
how they apply here.
8 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

A
The First Amendment "envisions the United States as a
rich and complex place" where all enjoy the " 'freedom to
think as you will and to speak as you think.' " 303 Creative
LLC v. Elenis, 603 (2023) ).
Often, speech may prove illuminating and inspiring. Some-
times, it can be misguided, offensive, or cause "incalculable
grief." Snyder v. Phelps, (2011). But
either way, the First Amendment protects the inalienable
right of every individual to decide for himself "how best to
speak." Riley v. National Federation of Blind of N. C., Inc.,
(1988). In this Nation, no official -- "high
or petty" -- may command our tongues or silence our voices.
West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, 
(1943).
Consistent with the First Amendment's jealous protec-
tions for the individual's right to think and speak freely,
this Court has long held that laws regulating speech based
on its subject matter or "communicative content" are "pre-
sumptively unconstitutional." Reed v. Town of Gilbert, (2015). As a general rule, such "content-
based" restrictions trigger "strict scrutiny," a demanding
standard that requires the government to prove its re-
striction on speech is "narrowly tailored to serve compelling
state interests." Ibid. Under that test, it is " 'rare that a
regulation... will ever be permissible.' " Brown v. Enter-
tainment Merchants Assn., (2011) (quot-
ing United States v. Playboy Entertainment Group, Inc., (2000)).
We have recognized, as well, the even greater dangers as-
sociated with regulations that discriminate based on the
speaker's point of view. When the government seeks not
just to restrict speech based on its subject matter, but also
seeks to dictate what particular "opinion or perspective" in-
dividuals may express on that subject, "the violation of the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

First Amendment is all the more blatant." Rosenberger v.
Rector and Visitors of Univ. of Va., 
(1995). "Viewpoint discrimination," as we have put it, rep-
resents "an egregious form" of content regulation, and gov-
ernments in this country must nearly always "abstain" from
it. Ibid.; see also Iancu v. Brunetti, 
(2019) (describing "the bedrock First Amendment principle
that the government cannot discriminate" based on view-
point ); Good News Club
v. Milford Central School, -- 113 (2001);
Barnette, 319 U. S., at 642.
Of course, with almost any rule comes exceptions. And
this Court has recognized a "few historic and traditional
categories of expression long familiar to the bar" where
content-based restrictions on speech will not automatically
trigger strict scrutiny -- categories that include fraud, defa-
mation, and "fighting words." United States v. Alvarez, (2012) (plurality opinion) (alterations and in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). But, as we have taken
pains to emphasize, these exceptional categories are few
and narrowly drawn, and all share a long and well-
recognized historical pedigree. Ibid.; see NIFLA, 585 U. S.,
at 767. Indeed, even within these categories we have some-
times still applied strict scrutiny when governments have
sought to regulate speech based on viewpoint. See, e.g.,
R. A. V. v. St. Paul, 395 -- 396 (1992) (ad-
dressing an ordinance that barred certain "fighting words"
based on viewpoint).
From these general principles, other more specific ones
follow. So, for example, a law regulating the content of
speech cannot avoid searching First Amendment review
just because it mostly regulates non-expressive conduct.
Take a classic illustration: Cohen v. California, 
(1971). There, the State of California charged Paul Cohen
with "maliciously and willfully disturb[ing] the peace." Id.,
at 16. Often, of course,
10 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

a person disturbs the peace through conduct alone (say, by
brawling at a city council meeting). But that is not always
true. And in Mr. Cohen's case, California charged him for
disturbing the peace because he wore a jacket bearing the
words " 'Fuck the Draft' " in the corridor of a municipal
courthouse. Ibid. As applied to him, the Court recognized,
the law implicated core First Amendment concerns because
the only " 'conduct' " he engaged in was the speech he dis-
played. Id., at 18. And, we held, California could not con-
stitutionally punish him because of the "content" of his mes-
sage. Ibid.
We repeated the point in Holder v. Humanitarian Law
Project, (2010). That case involved a federal law
banning the provision of " 'material support' " to certain for-
eign terrorist organizations. Id., at 8 -- 9. Much as Califor-
nia had in Cohen, the federal government in Holder argued
that the law did not trigger strict scrutiny because it ad-
dressed "conduct, not speech." 561 U. S., at 26. We disa-
greed. True, we acknowledged, the law often might regu-
late conduct. But, we observed, in the case before us the
government threatened to prosecute lawyers, doctors, and
others for providing spoken training and expert advice
(such as " 'how to use humanitarian and international law
to peacefully resolve disputes' ") to certain groups. Id., at
16, 21 -- 22. And that application of the law, we held, sought
to "regulat[e] speech on the basis of its content" and thus
demanded strict-scrutiny review. Id., at 27 -- 28.
As Holder indicates, too, the First Amendment's protec-
tions extend to licensed professionals much as they do to
everyone else. It's a point we have since discussed at length
in NIFLA. There, California sought to require crisis preg-
nancy clinics to make certain statements to their clients.
The State argued that its law did not trigger demanding
First Amendment review because it sought to regulate only
" 'professional speech' " by state license holders. 585 U. S.,
at 766 -- 767. We rejected that move. By compelling clinics
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

to speak the State's message, the law regulated speech
based on its content. Id., at 766. And, we held, California
had failed to "identif[y] a persuasive reason for treating pro-
fessional speech as a unique category... exempt from ordi-
nary First Amendment principles." Id., at 773.
In reaching that conclusion, to be sure, we acknowledged
two kinds of content-based restrictions that can apply to
professional speech without triggering strict scrutiny.
First, courts generally deploy less searching review when
faced with laws that require speakers to disclose only fac-
tual, noncontroversial information in " 'commercial
speech.' " Id., at 768; Zauderer v. Office of Disciplinary
Counsel of Supreme Court of Ohio, -- 653
(1985). Second, laws regulating conduct in ways that inci-
dentally sweep in speech may also generally avoid strict
scrutiny. NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 769. As with laws address-
ing fraud, defamation, and "fighting words," laws regulat-
ing speech along these two lines enjoy a long historical tra-
dition. Id., at 767. But, we stressed, neither "turn[s] on the
fact" that a licensed professional happens to be speaking.
Id., at 768. Nor, we emphasized, do these narrow categories
of lesser-protected speech warrant a new rule exempting a
broader "category called 'professional speech' " from de-
manding First Amendment review. Ibid.
B
Applying these principles, we conclude that the courts be-
low failed to apply sufficiently rigorous First Amendment
scrutiny in this case.
Start with the most obvious point. While the First
Amendment protects many and varied forms of expression,
the spoken word is perhaps the quintessential form of pro-
tected speech. And that is exactly the kind of expression in
which Ms. Chiles seeks to engage. As a talk therapist, all
Ms. Chiles does is speak with clients; she does not prescribe
12 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

medication, use medical devices, or employ any physical
methods. App. 205a -- 207a.
Next, and nearly as clear to our eyes, Colorado seeks to
regulate the content of Ms. Chiles's speech. When it comes
to issues of human sexuality, some of her clients "are con-
tent with" their sexual identity and orientation and want
help only "with social issues [or] family relationships." Id.,
at 207a, 214a. But other clients seek her counsel on how to
"reduce or eliminate unwanted sexual attractions, change
sexual behaviors, or grow in the experience of harmony
with [their] bod[ies]." Id., at 207a. And in those cases, Col-
orado regulates how Ms. Chiles may respond. Under its
law, she may not speak in any way that attempts to change
a client's "sexual orientation or gender identity" -- including
a client's "behaviors or gender expressions" -- or in any way
that seeks to "eliminate or reduce" a client's "sexual or ro-
mantic attraction or feelings toward individuals of the same
sex." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(a).
Doubtless, Colorado sees things differently. The State in-
sists, and the Tenth Circuit agreed, that its law does not
"regulate expression" at all, only "conduct," "treatment," or
a "therapeutic modality." Brief for Respondents 2, 36 -- 37,
47; 116 F. 4th, at 1208. As a result, Colorado reasons, its
law triggers no more than rational-basis or intermediate-
scrutiny review. Brief for Respondents 42 -- 44. But the
State's premise is simply mistaken. In many applications,
the State's law banning "conversion therapy" may address
conduct -- such as aversive physical interventions. But
here, Ms. Chiles seeks to engage only in speech, and as ap-
plied to her the law regulates what she may say. Her
speech does not become conduct just because the State may
call it that. Nor does her speech become conduct just be-
cause it can also be described as a "treatment," a "therapeu-
tic modality," or anything else. The First Amendment is no
word game. And the rights it protects cannot be renamed
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

away or their protections nullified by "mere labels."
NAACP v. Button, (1963).
Our precedents have long made that much clear. Califor-
nia faulted Mr. Cohen for the "conduct" of wearing an offen-
sive jacket. Cohen, 403 U. S., at 16. The federal govern-
ment insisted that its law banning support to terrorists
regulated "conduct" even as applied to the written and spo-
ken advice of professionals like lawyers and doctors.
Holder, 561 U. S., at 10, 26. But the effort to recast speech
as conduct failed in those cases -- and it must here too. Un-
der the First Amendment, what matters is not how a gov-
ernment describes its law or whether the law may regulate
conduct in other circumstances. What matters is whether,
in fact, the law regulates speech in the case at hand.
As applied here, Colorado's law does not just regulate the
content of Ms. Chiles's speech. It goes a step further, pre-
scribing what views she may and may not express. For a
gay client, Ms. Chiles may express "[a]cceptance, support,
and understanding for the facilitation of... identity explo-
ration." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(b)(I). For a client "undergoing
gender transition," Ms. Chiles may likewise offer words of
"[a]ssistance." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(b)(II). But if a gay or
transgender client seeks her counsel in the hope of chang-
ing his sexual orientation or gender identity, Ms. Chiles
cannot provide it. The law forbids her from saying anything
that "attempts... to change" a client's "sexual orientation
or gender identity," including anything that might repre-
sent an "effor[t] to change [her client's] behaviors or gender
expressions or... romantic attraction[s]." -- 245 -- 
202(3.5)(a). Colorado disputes none of this; neither does the
dissent. See post, at 20 -- 21 (opinion of JACKSON, J.) (ac-
knowledging that Colorado has engaged in viewpoint dis-
crimination).
Of course, Ms. Chiles remains free to say other things. As
Colorado and the dissent emphasize, she may "shar[e] in-
formation" about sexual orientation or gender identity.
14 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

Brief for Respondents 20. She can "criticiz[e] Colorado's
law." Ibid. She can "writ[e] papers" espousing her views.
Post, at 20 (opinion of JACKSON, J.). She may even encour-
age a client to seek advice from someone else who doesn't
hold a state license. Brief for Respondents 20. But true as
all that may be, it is also true that she cannot voice certain
"perspective[s]" the State disfavors when speaking with
consenting clients. Rosenberger, 515 U. S., at 829. And,
under our precedents, viewpoint restrictions like that are
not subject to mere rational-basis review or intermediate
scrutiny. Rather, they represent "an egregious form of con-
tent discrimination" where First Amendment concerns are
at their most "blatant." Ibid.; see also Reed, 576 U. S., at
168 -- 169; contra, post, at 8, 20 -- 21 (JACKSON, J., dissenting)
(contending that "heightened scrutiny... is not warranted"
even while admitting that Colorado's law discriminates
based on viewpoint).
The fact that the State's viewpoint regulation targets
only licensed healthcare professionals like Ms. Chiles
changes nothing. Colorado and the dissent may believe
that the First Amendment should carry "far less salience"
for the Nation's millions of "medical professionals" than for
everyone else. Post, at 2 (opinion of JACKSON, J.); post, at
17 -- 26; Brief for Respondents 23. They may believe that
state-imposed orthodoxies in speech pose few dangers and
many benefits in this field (and who knows what others).
But their policy is not the First Amendment's. The Consti-
tution does not protect the right of some to speak freely; it
protects the right of all. It safeguards not only popular
ideas; it secures, even and especially, the right to voice dis-
senting views. Consistent with these principles, our prece-
dents have expressly rejected the State and dissent's notion
that "professional speech" represents some "separate cate-
gory of speech" subject to "diminished constitutional protec-
tion." NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 767. History is littered with examples of official efforts
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

to manipulate and control professional speech -- including
"the content of doctor-patient discourse" -- in ways designed
"to increase state power," "suppress minorities," and muz-
zle "unpopular ideas." Id., at 771 (recounting examples). And the "dangers associ-
ated with" censorship, we have recognized, are no less acute
"in the fields of medicine and public health" than they are
anywhere else. Ibid..
Nor does Colorado's law implicate any recognized excep-
tion to our usual First Amendment rules. As we have seen,
some laws regulating speech based on its content -- like ones
addressing fraud, defamation, and "fighting words" -- do not
generally trigger heightened scrutiny because of their long
historical pedigree. See Part II -- A, supra. As we have seen,
too, NIFLA recognized that two kinds of such laws some-
times apply to professionals. See 585 U. S., at 768. But
Colorado's law fits in neither category. The State does not
require professionals to disclose "factual, noncontroversial
information in their commercial speech." Ibid.. Instead, Colorado seeks to sup-
press views Ms. Chiles wishes to express. Nor, with respect
to Ms. Chiles, does Colorado's law regulate conduct in a way
that only "incidentally burden[s] speech." Id., at 769. All
Ms. Chiles does is speak -- and, as far as she is concerned,
speech is all Colorado seeks to regulate.
Resisting this conclusion, Colorado and the dissent try to
shoehorn the State's statute into the latter category. See,
e.g., Brief for Respondents 37. By defining prohibited "con-
version therapy" broadly, Colorado observes, its law pro-
scribes a "wide range" of "treatments." Id., at 18. Any ac-
tivity that seeks to change a client's gender identity or
sexual orientation -- whether it involves "electric shocks" or
consists of "words only" -- is banned. Ibid. And considering
the full scope of the law's many applications, the State sub-
mits, it seeks to regulate mostly conduct and reaches speech
only incidentally. Ibid. The dissent pursues a similar
16 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

theme, insisting that Colorado has only incidentally prohib-
ited Ms. Chiles's speech because the law's "primary objec-
tive" is to regulate medical treatments. Post, at 8 -- 26 (Opin-
ion of JACKSON, J.).
This argument echoes Colorado's claim that it seeks to
regulate only conduct, and they falter for similar reasons.
If a government could reclassify talk therapy as speech in-
cident to conduct, it might just as easily do the same for
speech incident to "teaching or protesting." Otto, 981 F. 3d,
at 865. "[B]oth are activities, after all." Ibid. Were that
the rule, "[w]hat an opportunity for [the] suppression of dis-
sent this would offer." 116 F. 4th, at 1228 (Hartz, J., dis-
senting). Governments could easily wield all manner of
laws regulating some conduct to silence speech they disfa-
vor. It is a result that would not "compor[t ] with the First
Amendment's animating principles" so much as betray
them. Contra, post, at 17 (JACKSON, J., dissenting).
Recognizing as much, our precedents in Cohen and
Holder already foreclose exactly this move. California pros-
ecuted Mr. Cohen under a law banning disturbances of the
peace. Cohen, 403 U. S., at 16. The federal government
threatened lawyers and doctors with prosecution under a
law prohibiting support for terrorists. Holder, 561 U. S., at
10, 14 -- 15, 25. In both cases, the government defended its
actions on the ground that the law in question was gener-
ally aimed at certain types of conduct. But in both cases,
we emphatically rejected that argument. Just because a
law may "generally functio[n] as a regulation of conduct,"
we held, does not exempt it from demanding First Amend-
ment review when a government seeks to apply that law to
speech alone. Id., at 27 -- 28.
At bottom, Colorado and the dissent fundamentally mis-
conceive this Court's speech-incident-to-conduct prece-
dents. In these cases, the question is not whether a law
mostly addresses conduct and only sometimes sweeps in
speech. Instead, the focus lies on two entirely different
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

questions: whether the law in question restricts speech only
because it is integrally related to unlawful conduct -- or
whether the law restricts expressive conduct only for rea-
sons unrelated to its content. Illustrative of the first cate-
gory, this Court has held that strict scrutiny does not apply
to regulations aimed at speech promoting the sale of con-
traband because such speech is often bound up with tradi-
tional criminal conduct. United States v. Williams, -- 298 (2008); see also Giboney v. Empire Stor-
age & Ice Co., (1949); Brief for Eugene
Volokh as Amicus Curiae 3 -- 11. Illustrative of the second
category, "an ordinance against outdoor fires" would not re-
quire a court to apply strict scrutiny even if it prohibited
burning a flag in protest, because the law forbids conduct
without regard to the message it may convey. Sorrell v.
IMS Health Inc., (2011).
Colorado's law does not regulate speech incident to con-
duct under either test. The State does not dictate what Ms.
Chiles may say because her speech bears a close causal con-
nection to some separately unlawful conduct like a tradi-
tional crime. Rather, Ms. Chiles seeks to speak with inter-
ested clients about steps they might take to change
unwanted behaviors, expressions, or attractions related to
sexual orientation or gender identity -- conduct Colorado it-
self does not dispute those clients (or anyone else) may law-
fully undertake. Cf. Tr. of Oral Arg. 58 (conceding that "life
coaches" and other non-licensees can lawfully convey the
advice Ms. Chiles seeks to offer). Nor does Colorado seek to
regulate Ms. Chiles's speech for reasons unrelated to its
content, like a ban on outdoor fires that happens to sweep
in flag burning. Instead, the State's law trains directly on
the content of her speech and permits her to express some
viewpoints but not others. Colorado does not regulate
speech incident to conduct; it regulates "speech as speech."
NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 770.
18 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

C
Perhaps sensing that this Court's existing precedents of-
fer it little support, Colorado ultimately pivots, urging us to
reshape our doctrine. In doing so, the State begins by point-
ing again to NIFLA. There, recall, the Court observed that
our cases have identified "two circumstances" in which
speech by professionals may warrant "diminished" First
Amendment protection: when a law seeks to compel disclo-
sure of factual, noncontroversial information in commercial
speech; and when a law regulates speech only incidentally
to conduct. Id., at 767 -- 768 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). Still, Colorado emphasizes, NIFLA left open the pos-
sibility that a future party might present "persuasive evi-
dence... of a long (if heretofore unrecognized) tradition" of
content regulation regarding additional categories of pro-
fessional (or other) speech that might likewise warrant only
"diminished" First Amendment protection. Id., at 767 (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted); see also United States v.
Stevens, (2010).
Seeking to take up this challenge, Colorado contends that
its law falls within a long tradition of permissible content
regulation. It's a line of argument that comes with a daunt-
ing burden. Under our precedents, the State must present
"persuasive" historical evidence in order to overcome our
"especia[l]" "reluctan[ce] to mark off new categories of
speech for diminished constitutional protection." NIFLA,
585 U. S., at 767. Still,
Colorado insists, it can carry that burden in this case be-
cause States have traditionally enjoyed wide latitude to
proscribe "substandard care" even when that involves reg-
ulating the content of speech. Brief for Respondents 16. As
evidence, Colorado points to the history of state laws licens-
ing the practice of medicine, regulating informed consent,
and permitting tort suits for medical malpractice. Id., at
23 -- 36. The dissent pursues the same point citing the same
authorities. See post, at 9 -- 11, 26 -- 31, 35 (opinion of
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

Opinion of the Court

JACKSON, J.) (suggesting that States may ban "substandard
care" provided "via speech" in light of licensing, informed
consent, and malpractice laws).
This argument stumbles out of the gate, for it proceeds at
far too high a level of generality. From three specific sets
of laws, Colorado and the dissent ask us to recognize a cav-
ernous "First Amendment Free Zone," Stevens, 559 U. S., at
469, one in which States
may censor almost any speech they consider "substandard
care." It is, once more, an approach our precedents already
foreclose.
Consider a couple examples. In Alvarez, the federal gov-
ernment pointed to specific, historical laws proscribing
fraud and defamation and asked us to extrapolate from
them a much broader rule allowing it to enforce content-
based restrictions on any "false statements." In NIFLA,
California suggested that informed-consent laws and our
speech-incident-to-conduct doctrine might be cobbled to-
gether to sustain the recognition of a field of "professional
speech" subject only to rational-basis review. We rejected
both efforts, stressing instead that discrete traditions of
content-based regulations cannot be aggregated together to
sustain some new and broader category of lesser-protected
speech. Alvarez, 567 U. S., at 718 -- 722 (plurality opinion);
id., at 736 (Breyer, J., concurring in judgment); NIFLA, 585
U. S., at 767 -- 768; see also Button, 371 U. S., at 439 -- 440
(distinguishing State's law from laws proscribing accepted
"common-law offenses"); Florida Star v. B. J. F., (1989) (similar). And Colorado's similar effort can
succeed no more than others like it have in the past.
Beyond that problem lies another. Taking each of the
three traditions Colorado and the dissent invoke on its own
terms -- as we must -- none delivers the support they sup-
pose.
Start with Colorado's suggestion, endorsed by the dis-
sent, that the State's statute represents nothing more than
20 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

a traditional law licensing the practice of medicine. See
Brief for Respondents 27 -- 28; post, at 26 -- 27 (opinion of
JACKSON, J.). We cannot agree for at least two reasons.
First, the State has not presented persuasive evidence that
its law is part of a historical tradition. When assessed at
the level of generality our precedents demand, what Colo-
rado describes turns out to be a relatively recent innova-
tion. Indeed, the briefing before us suggests that the very
first state "counselor-licensure bill" was adopted only in
1976. National Academies, Institute of Medicine, Provision
of Mental Health Counseling Services Under TRICARE 94
(2010); D. Bergman, The Role of Government and Lobbying
in the Creation of a Health Profession: The Legal Founda-
tions of Counseling, 91 J. Counseling & Development 61
(2013) (Bergman); see also Brief for Petitioner 42. And that
is far from the sort of "persuasive evidence" of a historically
grounded practice our precedents require. NIFLA, 585
U. S., at 767.
Second, licensing laws have traditionally addressed what
qualifications an individual must possess before practicing
a particular profession. See Bergman 62 (licensing laws
generally "establis[h] minimum standards of preparation
and ensur[e] the professional is qualified"); R. Kry, The
"Watchman for Truth": Professional Licensing and the First
Amendment, 23 Seattle U. L. Rev. 885, 887 (2000) (a "licen-
sure scheme typically sets out certain requirements that
the professional must fulfill before practicing"). And what-
ever traditional interest a State may have in ensuring a
professional possesses a particular set of qualifications,
that interest does not automatically entail a right to dictate
a professional's point of view. NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 773.
Turn now to Colorado's effort, again echoed by the dis-
sent, to compare its statute to informed-consent laws. See
Brief for Respondents 34 -- 36; post, at 9 -- 11 (opinion of
JACKSON, J.). Those laws generally require a doctor to in-
form a patient about "the nature of [a proposed] procedure"
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

Opinion of the Court

and its attendant "risks." NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 769 -- 770 (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). As such, informed-
consent laws do not usually trigger strict scrutiny because
they regulate speech only incident to separate physical con-
duct that would, "without [the] patient's consent," amount
to "an assault." Id., at 770 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). Usually, too, informed-consent laws require practi-
tioners to disclose only factual and uncontroversial infor-
mation. See id., at 769 -- 770. But all that is a far cry from
how Colorado's law operates here. As applied to Ms. Chiles,
the State seeks neither to regulate her speech incident to
any conduct, nor does it seek to compel disclosure of factual
and uncontroversial information. Instead, it seeks to si-
lence a viewpoint she wishes to express.
Colorado and the dissent close by asking us to analogize
the State's law to traditional tort malpractice claims. See
Brief for Respondents 25 -- 26; post, at 27 -- 29 (opinion of
JACKSON, J.). But here again the differences are impossible
to ignore. In a traditional malpractice action, liability at-
taches only if the plaintiff shows, among other things, that
he has suffered an injury caused by the defendant's breach
of the applicable duty of care. See, e.g., Day v. Johnson, 255
P. 3d 1064, 1068 -- 1069 (Colo. 2011). Those kinds of "[e]xact-
ing proof requirements," we have observed, may "provide
sufficient breathing room for protected speech." Illinois ex
rel. Madigan v. Telemarketing Associates, Inc., (2003). Yet Colorado's law contains nothing like
them, instead threatening individuals with fines, proba-
tion, and the loss of their licenses simply for expressing a
particular view. See -- 245 -- 202(3.5), 12 -- 245 -- 224(1)(t),
12 -- 245 -- 225. Nor does Colorado's law allow clients to con-
sent to practices that depart from the prevailing standard
of care, while malpractice law sometimes does. See Re-
statement (Third) of Torts: Medical Malpractice (2024);
Schneider v. Revici, 817 F. 2d 987, 995 (CA2 1987).
22 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

Consider, too, where the State and dissent's logic leads.
Not long ago, many medical experts and organizations, in-
cluding the American Psychiatric Association, considered
homosexuality a mental disorder. See American Psychiat-
ric Association, Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Men-
tal Disorders 38 -- 39 (1952); cf. American Psychiatric Asso-
ciation, Position Statement on Homosexuality and Civil
Rights, 131 Am. J. Psychiatry 497 (1974). On the view Col-
orado and the dissent advance, a law adopted during that
era prohibiting counselors from engaging in the
"substandard care" of affirming their clients' homosexuality
would have been subject to only rational-basis or interme-
diate-scrutiny review -- and likely upheld. See 116 F. 4th,
at 1237 -- 1238 (Hartz, J., dissenting). Today, tomorrow, and
forever, too, any professional speech that deviates from
"current beliefs about the safety and efficacy of various
medical treatments" could be silenced with relative ease.
Post, at 24 (opinion of JACKSON, J.). It is a consequence
Colorado freely acknowledges. Tr. of Oral Arg. 61 -- 63. And
one the dissent embraces. Post, at 23 -- 26, and (opinion
of JACKSON, J.). So what if that kind of reflexive deference
to currently prevailing professional views may not always
end well? Cf. Buck v. Bell, -- 207 (1927).
Fortunately, that is not the world the First Amendment
envisions for us. Licensed professionals "have a host of
good-faith disagreements" about the "prudence" and "eth-
ics" of various practices in their fields. NIFLA, 585 U. S.,
at 772. Medical consensus, too, is not static; it evolves and
always has. A prevailing standard of care may reflect what
most practitioners believe today, but it cannot mark the
outer boundary of what they may say tomorrow. Far from
a test of professional consensus, the First Amendment rests
instead on a simple truth: "[T]he people lose" whenever the
government transforms prevailing opinion into enforced
conformity. Ibid.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

Opinion of the Court

III
We do not doubt that the question "how best to help mi-
nors" struggling with issues of gender identity or sexual ori-
entation is presently a subject of "fierce public debate." Tin-
gley v. Ferguson, 601 U. S. ___, ___ (2023) (THOMAS, J.,
dissenting from denial of certiorari). But Col-
orado's law addressing conversion therapy does not just ban
physical interventions. In cases like this, it censors speech
based on viewpoint. Colorado may regard its policy as es-
sential to public health and safety. Certainly, censorious
governments throughout history have believed the same.
But the First Amendment stands as a shield against any
effort to enforce orthodoxy in thought or speech in this coun-
try. It reflects instead a judgment that every American pos-
sesses an inalienable right to think and speak freely, and a
faith in the free marketplace of ideas as the best means for
discovering truth. However well-intentioned, any law that
suppresses speech based on viewpoint represents an "egre-
gious" assault on both of those commitments. Rosenberger,
515 U. S., at 829.
The judgment of the Tenth Circuit is reversed, and the
case remanded for further proceedings consistent with this
opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

KAGAN, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 539
_________________

KALEY CHILES, PETITIONER v. PATTY SALAZAR, IN
HER OFFICIAL CAPACITY AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
OF THE COLORADO DEPARTMENT OF
REGULATORY AGENCIES, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT
[March 31, 2026]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR joins,
concurring.
The Court today decides that the Colorado law challenged
here, as applied to talk therapy, conflicts with core First
Amendment principles because it regulates speech based on
viewpoint. See ante, at 23. I agree. I write only to note
that if Colorado had instead enacted a content-based but
viewpoint-neutral law, it would raise a different and more
difficult question.
As the Court states, governments must "nearly always"
abstain from adopting viewpoint-based restrictions. Ante,
at 9. Those laws represent a particularly "egregious form"
of content-based regulation, implicating First Amendment
concerns to the highest possible degree. Ibid.; see Iancu v.
Brunetti, (2019). A law drawing a line
based on the "ideology" of the speaker -- disadvantaging one
view and advantaging another -- skews the marketplace of
ideas our society depends on to discover truth. Rosenberger
v. Rector and Visitors of Univ. of Va., 
(1995). And such a law suggests an impermissible motive -- 
that the government is regulating speech because of its own
"hostility" toward the targeted messages. R. A. V. v. St.
Paul, (1992). If the First Amendment
2 CHILES v. SALAZAR

KAGAN, J., concurring

prohibits anything, it is the "official suppression of ideas."
Id., at 390; see Reed v. Town of Gilbert, -- 
183 (2015) (KAGAN, J., concurring in judgment). Because
viewpoint-based laws always raise that specter, they are
the most suspect of all speech regulations. So much so that
this Court has refused to permit viewpoint discrimination
even within unprotected categories of speech, like fighting
words or obscenity. See R. A. V., 505 U. S., at 384 -- 390.
Colorado's law, as applied to talk therapy, regulates
based on viewpoint, for the reasons the Court gives. See
ante, at 13 -- 14. The law forbids a counselor to provide ther-
apy designed to "change [a minor's] sexual orientation or
gender identity." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(a)
(2025); see -- 245 -- 224(1)(t)(V). At the same time, the law
specifically allows a counselor to offer therapy expressing
"[a]cceptance, support," and other affirmation of the minor's
"identity exploration." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(b)(I) -- (II). So, for
example, the law prevents a therapist from saying she can
help a minor change his same-sex orientation, but permits
her to say that such a goal is impossible and so she will help
him accept his gay identity. Colorado does not dispute that
point. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 78. Nor does it dispute that un-
der normal First Amendment principles, that difference
constitutes viewpoint discrimination. See ibid. Indeed, the
case is textbook. The law "distinguishes between two op-
posed sets of ideas" -- the one resisting, the other reflecting,
the State's own view of how to speak with minors about sex-
ual orientation and gender identity. Iancu, 588 U. S., at
394. Or said just a bit differently, the law draws a line
based on the speaker's "opinion or perspective," and thus
enables "speech on only one side" -- the State's preferred
side -- of an ideologically charged issue. Rosenberger, 515
U. S., at 829; McCullen v. Coakley, 
(2014).
Of course, it does not matter what the State's preferred
side is. Consider a hypothetical law that is the mirror
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

KAGAN, J., concurring

image of Colorado's. Instead of barring talk therapy de-
signed to change a minor's sexual orientation or gender
identity, this law bars therapy affirming those things. As
Ms. Chiles readily acknowledges, the First Amendment
would apply in the identical way. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 25 -- 
26; see also id., at 37 -- 38 (United States as amicus curiae
agreeing). Once again, because the State has suppressed
one side of a debate, while aiding the other, the constitu-
tional issue is straightforward.
It would, however, be less so if the law under review was
content based but viewpoint neutral. Such content-based
laws, as the Court explains, trigger strict scrutiny "[a]s a
general rule." Ante, at 8. But our precedents respecting
those laws recognize complexity and nuance. We apply our
most demanding standard when there is any "realistic pos-
sibility that official suppression of ideas is afoot" -- when,
that is, a (merely) content-based law may reasonably be
thought to pose the dangers that viewpoint-based laws al-
ways do. Davenport v. Washington Ed. Assn., (2007); see supra, at 1 -- 2. But when that is not the
case -- when a law, though based on content, raises no real
concern that the government is censoring disfavored
ideas -- then we have not infrequently "relax[ed] our guard."
Reed, 576 U. S., at 183 (opinion of KAGAN, J.); see Daven-
port, 551 U. S., at 188 (noting the "numerous situations in
which [the] risk" of a content-based law "driv[ing] certain
ideas or viewpoints from the marketplace" is "attenuated"
or "inconsequential, so that strict scrutiny is unwar-
ranted"). Just two Terms ago, for example, the Court de-
clined to apply strict scrutiny to a content-based but view-
point-neutral trademark restriction. See Vidal v. Elster,
(2024); id., at 312 (BARRETT, J., concur-
ring in part); id., at 329 -- 330 (SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in
judgment). In the trademark context, as in some others,
experience and reason alike showed "no significant danger
of idea or viewpoint" bias. R. A. V., 505 U. S., at 388.
4 CHILES v. SALAZAR

KAGAN, J., concurring

The same may well be true of content-based but view-
point-neutral laws regulating speech in doctors' and coun-
selors' offices.* Medical care typically involves speech, so
the regulation of medical care (which is, of course, perva-
sive) may involve speech restrictions. And those re-
strictions will generally refer to the speech's content. Cf.
Reed, 576 U. S., at 177 (Breyer, J., concurring in judgment)
(noting that "[r]egulatory programs" addressing speech "in-
evitably involve content discrimination"). But laws of that
kind may not pose the risk of censorship -- of "official sup-
pression of ideas" -- that appropriately triggers our most
rigorous review. R. A. V., 505 U. S., at 390. And that
means the "difference between viewpoint-based and view-
point-neutral content discrimination" in the health-care
context could prove "decisive." Vidal, 602 U. S., at 330
(opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). Fuller consideration of that
question, though, can wait for another day. We need not
here decide how to assess viewpoint-neutral laws regulat-
ing health providers' expression because, as the Court
holds, Colorado's is not one.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*JUSTICE JACKSON's dissenting opinion claims that this is a small, or
even nonexistent, category. See post, at 21 -- 22,. But even her own
opinion, when listing laws supposedly put at risk today, offers quite a
few examples. See post, at 32 -- 33, and. Her view to the contrary
rests on reimagining -- and in that way collapsing -- the well-settled dis-
tinction between viewpoint-based and other content-based speech re-
strictions. See, e.g., Vidal v. Elster, -- 293 (2024) (ex-
plaining the difference).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 539
_________________

KALEY CHILES, PETITIONER v. PATTY SALAZAR, IN
HER OFFICIAL CAPACITY AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
OF THE COLORADO DEPARTMENT OF
REGULATORY AGENCIES, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT
[March 31, 2026]

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting.
"[T]here is no right to practice medicine which is not sub-
ordinate to the police power of the States." Lambert v. Yel-
lowley, (1926). This was true 100 years
ago, and it should be true today.
Many States have now chosen to exercise their police
powers to ban "conversion therapy" based on the medical
profession's broad consensus that this medical treatment
(which seeks to change a gay or transgender person's sexual
orientation or gender identity) is ineffective and harmful.
This case involves the Colorado Legislature's policy deci-
sion to prohibit licensed medical professionals from offering
or providing conversion therapy to minors in that State.
Petitioner Kaley Chiles is a licensed counselor who works
in the State of Colorado. She does not dispute that conver-
sion therapy can be harmful to minors in certain circum-
stances. Nor does she contest that Colorado has a signifi-
cant interest in protecting minors from harm. Chiles
complains nevertheless that, because the particular form of
conversion therapy she wants to offer clients utilizes only
speech, the First Amendment prevents Colorado from pro-
hibiting that treatment. But "[t]he power of government to
regulate the professions is not lost whenever the practice of
2 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

a profession entails speech." Lowe v. SEC, (1985) (White, J., concurring in result). And "[m]edical
professionals do not, generally speaking, have a right to use
the Constitution as a weapon allowing them rigorously to
control the content of... reasonable conditions" that a
State imposes on licensed healthcare providers for the pro-
tection of its residents. National Institute of Family and
Life Advocates v. Becerra, (2018) (Breyer,
J., dissenting) (NIFLA).
So, I respectfully dissent. Stated simply, the majority has
failed to appreciate the crucial context in which Chiles's
constitutional claims have arisen. Chiles is not speaking in
the ether; she is providing therapy to minors as a licensed
healthcare professional. The Tenth Circuit was correct to
observe that "[t]here is a long-established history of states
regulating the healthcare professions." 116 F. 4th 1178,
1206 (2024). And, until today, the First Amendment has
not blocked their way. For good reason: Under our prece-
dents, bedrock First Amendment principles have far less
salience when the speakers are medical professionals and
their treatment-related speech is being restricted inci-
dentally to the State's regulation of the provision of medical
care.
No one directly disputes that Colorado has the power to
regulate the medical treatments that state-licensed profes-
sionals provide to patients. Nor is it asserted that, when
doing so, a State always runs afoul of the Constitution. So,
in my view, it cannot also be the case that Colorado's deci-
sion to restrict a dangerous therapy modality that, inci-
dentally, involves provider speech is presumptively uncon-
stitutional. In concluding otherwise, the Court's opinion
misreads our precedents, is unprincipled and unworkable,
and will eventually prove untenable for those who rely upon
the long-recognized responsibility of States to regulate the
medical profession for the protection of public health.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I
To properly evaluate the First Amendment claim at issue
in this case, one must first understand the impetus for Col-
orado's regulation, what that law requires, and the nature
of the speech it implicates.
A
Conversion therapy is designed to "convert" a person's
sexual orientation or gender identity, so that the person
will become heterosexual or cisgender. Generally speaking,
conversion therapy began as an attempt to "cure" gay and
transgender people of their "nonconforming" orientations or
identities. Brief for American Psychological Association
et al. as Amici Curiae 13.
Conversion-therapy efforts have historically included
aversive therapeutic modalities. Those ranged from induc-
ing nausea, vomiting, or paralysis in patients or subjecting
them to severe electric shocks to telling patients to snap an
elastic band on their wrists in response to nonconforming
thoughts. Aversive therapies have now fallen out of fash-
ion; nonaversive treatments -- primarily, talk therapy -- are
currently the predominant form of conversion therapy. All
such therapies seek to encourage patients to change their
behavior in an attempt to "change" their identity.
Over the past few decades, however, the premise of con-
version therapy (in whatever form) has been widely discred-
ited within the medical and scientific community. Conver-
sion therapy is, at bottom, "based on a view of gender
diversity that runs counter to scientific consensus." Sub-
stance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
(SAMHSA) Report, 2 App. 570. That is, contrary to the core
beliefs that undergird conversion therapy, a robust profes-
sional consensus now acknowledges that sexual orienta-
tions and gender identities range widely. And it no longer
regards nonheterosexual orientations or noncisgender iden-
tities as "nonconforming."
4 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Because people's identities are simply "a part of the nor-
mal spectrum of human diversity," id., at 535, the medical
community has determined that efforts to change a pa-
tient's sexual orientation or gender identity will necessarily
be ineffective. The American Psychological Association
(APA), for example, has found "no empirical evidence that
providing any type of therapy in childhood can alter adult
same-sex sexual orientation." APA Report, 1 App. 360. And
"[n]o research has been published in the peer-reviewed lit-
erature that demonstrates the efficacy of conversion ther-
apy efforts with gender minority youth, nor any benefits of
such interventions to children and their families."
SAMHSA Report, 2 App. 569.
Not only is conversion therapy ineffective, former partic-
ipants of conversion therapy report that it causes lasting
psychological harm. Gay and transgender children who un-
derwent nonaversive conversion therapy say they were
taught to feel shame and self-hatred. See Brief for Conver-
sion Therapy Survivor Network et al. as Amici Curiae 11 -- 
14. And survivors of conversion therapy continue to suffer
from PTSD, anxiety, and suicidal ideation. Id., at 19 -- 22.
As one survivor put it, conversion therapy " 'came close to
killing me.' " Id., at 17.1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Consider a specific example: An amicus who received conversion ther-

apy as a child, Mathew Shurka, was told that his sexual orientation was
a disorder either rooted in childhood trauma or stemming from an over-
bearing mother or absent father. Brief for Mathew Shurka as Amicus
Curiae 6. In the course of this therapy, Mathew's therapist said that
being gay was a mental illness that could be cured and that, unless he
was cured, he could never live a happy and fulfilled life. Id., at 3.
Mathew's conversion therapists eventually hypothesized that his mother
was the source of his sexual orientation and instructed him to avoid
speaking with her. Id., at 8. For three years, he had barely any contact
with his mother. Ibid. The years of conversion therapy brought Mathew
nothing but increased isolation from his family, worsening depression,
and suicidal ideation. Id., at 11. Thus, as Mathew's experience illus-
trates, the harm from conversion therapy extends to the patient's family.
See also Brief for Parents of Conversion-Therapy Participants et al. as
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The scientific literature confirms what anecdotal experi-
ences suggest: Conversion therapy has harmed patients,
particularly minors. The APA found that "the reported neg-
ative social and emotional consequences [of conversion
therapy] include self-reports of anger, anxiety, confusion,
depression, grief, guilt, hopelessness, deteriorated relation-
ships with family, loss of social support, loss of faith, poor
self-image, social isolation, intimacy difficulties, intrusive
imagery, suicidal ideation, self-hatred, and sexual dysfunc-
tion." APA Report, 1 App. 253 -- 254. Even for those study
participants who reported positive effects initially, many
described experiencing the negative effects later. Id., at
254. Moreover, studies show that children often feel the ef-
fects of the shame and stigma from conversion therapy even
more vividly than adults due to their "increased emotional
vulnerability and less developed capacity to cope effectively
with the harm of discrimination." Glassgold Decl., 1 App.
53 -- 54, ¶ 50.
Ultimately, scientific evidence supports the conclusion
that the anticipated harms from conversion therapy are
twofold. First, conversion therapy stigmatizes the patient,
telling them that their gender identity or sexual orientation
is something to be fixed, rather than accepted. This rejec-
tion can lead to shame and guilt, which in turn can cause
long-term emotional distress. Second, conversion therapy
sets patients up to fail by giving them an unattainable goal.
Some patients have described that experience of failure "as
a significant cause of emotional and spiritual distress and
negative self-image." Id., at 63, ¶ 66.
B
In 2019, Colorado joined 25 other States in banning the
practice of conversion therapy for minors. Colorado's law -- 
titled the Minor Conversion Therapy Law (MCTL) -- 
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Amici Curiae 9 -- 19 (describing the impact of conversion therapy on
amici's families, including the loss of loved ones to suicide).
6 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

prohibits licensed healthcare professionals from practicing
conversion therapy with children. It defines conversion
therapy as "any practice or treatment" that "attempts or
purports to change an individual's sexual orientation or
gender identity, including efforts to change behaviors or
gender expressions or to eliminate or reduce sexual or ro-
mantic attraction or feelings toward individuals of the same
sex." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(a) (2025).2
Not all therapeutic discussions of sexuality and gender
identity are prohibited by the MCTL. The law allows
"practices or treatments that provide:
"(I) Acceptance, support, and understanding for the
facilitation of an individual's coping, social support,
and identity exploration and development, including
sexual-orientation-neutral interventions to prevent or
address unlawful conduct or unsafe sexual practices, as
long as the counseling does not seek to change sexual
orientation or gender identity; or
"(II) Assistance to a person undergoing gender tran-
sition." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(b).
The Colorado Legislature made these allowances after
crediting witness testimony and the professional consensus
about conversion therapy -- namely, that it is harmful, and
that the preferred treatment for minors relating to their
sexual orientation and gender identity is affirming care
(i.e., medical care that helps minors focus on acceptance,
support, coping, and identity exploration and development).
Prohibit Conversion Therapy for a Minor: Hearing on H. B.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The MCTL primarily applies to licensed healthcare professionals;

such professionals are already subject to a number of other restrictions
on their professional practice. Most relevant here, under Colorado law,
licensed therapists must provide therapy that is consistent with the
standard of care, defined as "the standards of practice generally recog-
nized by state and national associations of practitioners in the field of
the person's professional discipline." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 245 -- 
224(1)(g)(I).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

19 -- 1129 before the House Committee on Public Health
Care & Hum. Servs., 2019 Leg., 72d Gen. Sess. (Colo., Feb.
13, 2019).
C
Chiles insists that, although she is a counselor licensed
by Colorado, she has a constitutional right to flout Colo-
rado's statute and the standard of care it incorporates if a
client asks her to do so. Never mind that medical profes-
sionals -- including counselors like Chiles -- are generally
bound to follow medical standards and state licensing re-
quirements when they provide medical care to patients.
Chiles wants to offer patients conversion therapy despite
the MCTL and the medical consensus it reflects. So she has
invoked the First Amendment, arguing that, because talk
therapy is speech, no State can impose treatment standards
like the MCTL on licensed talk therapists without first sat-
isfying heightened scrutiny.
As applied to Chiles, the MCTL treats the talk-therapy
form of conversion therapy as a prohibited medical treat-
ment. But Chiles is free to express her opinion about the
efficacy of conversion therapy or her disagreement with
Colorado's conclusion that such therapy is harmful to mi-
nors. Colorado's law does not target or prohibit the expres-
sion of such views by anyone in any form -- including by li-
censed healthcare providers in discussions with patients
and their families. All that Colorado's law proscribes is the
provision of such therapy to minors. This means that, while
Chiles can freely promote conversion therapy and vocifer-
ously decry the State's prohibition, she cannot practice that
therapy without being subject to professional discipline un-
der Colorado law.
II
I begin my analysis with a simple observation: Our First
Amendment jurisprudence does not treat speech as existing
8 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

in a vacuum. Instead, how the First Amendment applies to
a State's power to regulate speech depends upon the context
in which the regulation of speech occurs. See, e.g., Vidal v.
Elster, (2024) (trademark context); Tinker v.
Des Moines Independent Community School Dist., (1969) (school context). We have not mechanically held
that the First Amendment protects all communicative con-
tent; rather, we have evaluated First Amendment claims in
a nuanced way, sensitive to both core principles and the
specific circumstances under which the claim arises. See,
e.g., Virginia Bd. of Pharmacy v. Virginia Citizens Con-
sumer Council, Inc., 762 -- 770 (1976)
(considering First Amendment principles in the commercial
speech context).
In my view, then, it matters for First Amendment pur-
poses that the MCTL restricts treatment-related speech ut-
tered by medical professionals only as part of a larger reg-
ulatory scheme aimed at ensuring that providers tender
high-quality medical care to patients.
In Part II -- A, I explain that this way of conceptualizing
the question before us is not novel -- we have long under-
stood that States have the power to regulate medical pro-
fessionals. And our precedents demonstrate that, when a
healthcare provider's speech is incidentally restricted as
part of a state-law scheme regulating the provision of med-
ical treatments, the heightened scrutiny we reflexively ap-
ply in other situations is not warranted. In Part II -- B, I
show that First Amendment principles are not offended
when lesser scrutiny is applied to a state law regulating
medical treatments in a manner that incidentally restricts
a provider's professional medical speech.
A
1
A case that we decided in 2018 -- NIFLA -- shows us the
way to determine the appropriate level of constitutional
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

scrutiny here.. In that case, we began by
explaining that "[s]peech is not unprotected merely because
it is uttered by 'professionals.' " Id., at 767; see also ante, at
10 -- 11, 14. But, critically, we also acknowledged that the
Court has afforded less protection for professional speech in
two circumstances -- one of which occurs when a State "reg-
ulate[s] professional conduct, even though that conduct in-
cidentally involves speech." NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 768; see
ante, at 11. This acknowledgement was grounded in an al-
ready well-established principle: "[T]he First Amendment
does not prevent restrictions directed at... conduct from
imposing incidental burdens on speech." Sorrell v. IMS
Health Inc., (2011).
To further explain the contours of this presumptively per-
missible speech restriction, NIFLA cited Planned
Parenthood of Southeastern Pa. v. Casey, 
(1992). In Casey, the Court assessed "an asserted First
Amendment right of a physician not to provide information
about the risks of abortion, and childbirth, in a manner
mandated by the State." Id., at 884 (joint opinion of O'Con-
nor, Kennedy, and Souter, JJ.). More specifically, Casey in-
volved a challenge to a Pennsylvania law requiring that "a
doctor give a woman certain information as part of obtain-
ing her consent to an abortion." Ibid.3 We held that Penn-
sylvania's informed-consent mandate did not violate the
First Amendment. "To be sure, the physician's First
Amendment rights not to speak [were] implicated" by Penn-
sylvania's law. Ibid. But we emphasized that those rights
were implicated "only as part of the practice of medicine,
subject to reasonable licensing and regulation by the State."
Ibid.. Thus, there was "no constitutional
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The First Amendment challenge to Pennsylvania's law in Casey was

effectively the flipside of the one Chiles brings here: While the doctors in
Casey complained that Pennsylvania was forcing them to speak when
they did not want to, Chiles asserts that Colorado is preventing her from
saying what she wants to say.
10 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

infirmity in the requirement that the physician provide the
information mandated by the State." Ibid.
In NIFLA, we reaffirmed the principle from Casey that
the First Amendment inquiry requires consideration of
whether the regulated speech was made during the provi-
sion of medical care. NIFLA involved a challenge to a Cal-
ifornia law that required certain crisis pregnancy centers to
post notices in their waiting rooms informing low-income
patients that California paid for qualifying abortions. 585
U. S., at 762 -- 763. We asked whether, on the one hand, this
law was regulating the clinics' speech qua speech, or
whether, on the other, the notice requirement was actually
regulating the clinics' professional conduct and only inci-
dentally restricting speech. If the latter, the NIFLA Court
explained, California's notice requirement would fit into the
category of cases that Casey illustrated; namely, those in
which "this Court has upheld regulations of professional
conduct that incidentally burden speech." 585 U. S., at 769.
Relying in part on Casey's analytical framework, the
NIFLA Court held that California's law regulated "speech
as speech." 585 U. S., at 770. We explained this conclusion
by contrasting the Pennsylvania regulation at issue in Ca-
sey: While the notice requirement in Casey restricted doc-
tors' speech, it did so "only 'as part of the practice of medi-
cine.' " 585 U. S., at 770. The notice requirement at issue
in NIFLA, by contrast, was "not an informed-consent re-
quirement or any other regulation of professional conduct."
Ibid. "In fact," California's notice was "not tied to a proce-
dure at all. It applie[d] to all interactions between a covered
facility and its clients, regardless of whether a medical pro-
cedure [was] ever sought, offered, or performed." Ibid. (em-
phasis added). So, we reasoned, unlike Pennsylvania's in-
formed-consent requirement in Casey, California's notice
mandate warranted heightened scrutiny because it "regu-
late[d] speech as speech." 585 U. S., at 770.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The takeaway from NIFLA is that Casey applied a lower
level of scrutiny because the law in Casey restricted speech
uttered in the course of -- and as a part of -- providing pro-
fessional medical care. By contrast, the notice requirement
in NIFLA was not "tied to a procedure at all" and was there-
fore meaningfully different: That law restricted "speech as
speech." 585 U. S., at 770. Thus, the key distinction, as the
NIFLA Court saw it, was whether the challenged law was
a regulation of speech as such or a regulation of "profes-
sional conduct that incidentally burden[ed] speech." Id., at
769.
2
Given all this, one might think today's majority would
make more of an effort to explain why the MCTL does not
likewise qualify as a regulation of "professional conduct
that incidentally burden[s] speech." Ibid.; see ante, at 14 -- 
17. Such an inquiry would entail evaluating whether the
MCTL's restriction on Chiles's therapy only "incidentally"
restricts Chiles's speech by virtue of the fact that the medi-
cal care she provides is delivered orally. It would also re-
quire acknowledging that the MCTL's restriction on Chiles
is plainly "tied to [the provision of] a [medical] procedure,"
NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 770 -- one that, but for Colorado's law,
a licensed counselor like Chiles might offer to minors.
In my view, it is obvious that the MCTL is regulating pro-
fessional conduct insofar as it prohibits providing a partic-
ular therapy; the aim of the statute is not suppressing
speech. Indeed, Chiles's claim that her (otherwise pro-
tected) speech is being swept up by Colorado's (otherwise
valid) treatment prohibition proves that very point. This
set of circumstances seems to fit NIFLA's idea of permissi-
ble state "regulation of professional conduct" that "inci-
dentally burdens speech" to a "T."
Yet, the majority strangely suggests otherwise with the
opinion it hands down today. Ante, at 14 -- 17. The majority
12 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

does this primarily by eschewing serious engagement with
the interaction between NIFLA and Casey. Its workaround
seems to be: The First Amendment applies full bore here
because Chiles's speech is being impacted; after all, she is a
talk therapy provider. Ante, at 12 -- 17. But when NIFLA's
teachings are properly understood, this comeback is no an-
swer. Yes, Chiles happens to be talking when she's provid-
ing therapy to patients, but the MCTL regulates the provi-
sion of medical treatments by licensed medical
professionals, which States are fully empowered to do. That
Chiles's kind of medical care involves talk therapy is, in
NIFLA's words, merely "incidenta[l]." 585 U. S., at 769.
I am the first to admit that, as applied to talk therapists
like Chiles, the MCTL restricts speech -- I do not argue that
this law really just limits Chiles's professional conduct. See
ante, at 12 -- 13, 16 (characterizing Colorado's argument).
Similarly, I do not maintain that, because this law primar-
ily regulates talk-therapists' professional conduct, it should
not be conceived of as a speech restriction. See ante, at 16.
I agree with the majority that, in cases like Cohen v. Cali-
fornia, (1971), we firmly rejected a State's at-
tempt to suppress free speech by calling the restricted ex-
pression "conduct." Ante, at 16. But, here, the observation
that the MCTL indeed restricts Chiles's "speech" (not refor-
mulated as conduct) just raises the question that this case
presents: Whether the MCTL is restricting Chiles's speech
"incidentally" to its regulation of medical professionals'
treatment-related conduct, such that the law warrants less
scrutiny under the First Amendment than a law that re-
stricts her speech "as speech." NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 769 -- 
770.
The majority's failure to acknowledge that this is the ac-
tual issue here -- not just whether Chiles's "speech" or "con-
duct" is being restricted, but what the State is doing -- ig-
nores what has always been true under our precedents.
The real lesson of NIFLA's discussion of Casey is this: When
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

a healthcare professional's speech is not being targeted "as
speech" (because it conveys an idea) but is instead "inci-
dentally" restricted due to a State's otherwise legitimate
regulation of the medical treatments being offered to pa-
tients, heightened scrutiny is not warranted. 585 U. S., at
769 -- 770; Casey, 505 U. S., at 884 (joint opinion of O'Connor,
Kennedy, and Souter, JJ.).
3
NIFLA's focus on a State's regulation of medical treat-
ments also undermines the position the United States has
taken on today's First Amendment question. The United
States, joining this case as amicus curiae, insists, in es-
sence, that when the NIFLA Court acknowledged that
States can regulate professional conduct while "inci-
dentally" restricting speech, it was blessing only two cir-
cumstances: (1) where the speech that is being restricted is
inextricably tied to an act of the speaker (so, speech-only
therapists are never included), or (2) where speech is being
regulated in a manner entirely unrelated to its content.
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 17 -- 21; see ante,
at 11, 15 -- 16. But, under NIFLA's reasoning, that cannot
be so -- at least not logically.
With respect to the first category, the United States mis-
takenly swaps "integral" (i.e., whether the restricted speech
is bound up with the regulated conduct) for "incidental" -- 
but these are two completely different concepts.4 Given
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Under the reading the United States advocates, the line between per-

missible and impermissible state regulation seems to turn on the rela-
tionship between the restricted speech and a physical act of the speaker.
See Tr. of Oral Arg. 35 -- 36. So, the argument goes, the First Amendment
allows state regulation if the speech restriction is "incidental" to a phys-
ical act of the healthcare provider, but prohibits it if there is no physical
act for the speech to be "incidental" to because the provider treats pa-
tients solely with speech. See id., at 35 ("[T]his Court hasn't drawn a
particularly clear line about when speech is close enough to conduct to
be viewed as incidental, but, here, again, this is an easy case because
14 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

NIFLA's focus on the "incidental" nature of the challenged
speech restriction, the State's objective is the actual ful-
crum: We ask whether, on the one hand, the State's law is
restricting the provider's speech "incidentally" (meaning in
the course of the State's pursuit of its primary objective of
regulating the provision of medical care), or whether, on the
other, the State's law is restricting her speech "as speech"
(primarily to suppress its message or expressive content).
585 U. S., at 769 -- 770. The appropriate scrutiny level logi-
cally follows: Incidentally restricting speech needs less
scrutiny because we view the State as generally regulating
the provision of medical care, while restricting "speech as
speech" receives heightened scrutiny because the State is
aiming at professional speech qua speech.
The second "speech incident to conduct" category the
United States advances -- whether the restriction on speech
is unrelated to its content -- is also fatally flawed. It ignores
what NIFLA plainly recognizes: that States can regulate
the medical treatments healthcare professionals provide to
patients without running afoul of the First Amendment,
even if the regulation applies to and restricts speech based
on its content. 585 U. S., at 769 -- 770. In other words, what
mattered to NIFLA's analysis was not that the regulation
was content-based, but instead that the speech was being
restricted incidentally.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
there is no conduct"); id., at 33 (emphasizing that, because Chiles is a
talk therapist, "[t]here's no separate non-speech conduct being regulated
here"); see also Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 24, 26 (noting
that "regulations of the mental-health profession are less likely to qualify
as 'incidental' burdens on speech... because much mental-health treat-
ment is conducted using only speech"). This logic rests upon the integral
nature of the speech to the conduct that is being regulated. But that is
different from -- and says nothing about -- whether the speech is being
regulated "incidentally," which is the line that NIFLA draws. See Na-
tional Institute of Family and Life Advocates v. Becerra, -- 770 (2018).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

So it is here. Talk therapy is a medical treatment. 116
F. 4th, at 1206, 1208 -- 1210. So, why wouldn't such speech-
based medical treatments be subject to reasonable state
regulation like any other kind of medical care? The United
States and the majority just insist that a law that under-
takes to regulate speech-based medical treatments is pre-
sumptively unconstitutional because the treatment is being
administered solely through speech. But that reasoning is
maddeningly circular, and it is based on happenstance, not
logic. Even more important, it is not the rationale upon
which NIFLA's analysis relies. To the contrary, with its de-
scription of Casey, NIFLA recognizes precisely the oppo-
site -- a State can regulate professionals' treatment-related
conduct even if doing so impacts treatment-related speech.
Again, what distinguished NIFLA from Casey was the
fact that Pennsylvania's speech-related mandate was
aimed at regulating the provision of medical treatments to
patients; the fact that the particular medical treatment at
issue in Casey involved a physical (instead of a verbal) act
was of no moment. NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 769 -- 770. The
reading of NIFLA the United States favors -- which the ma-
jority appears to endorse in part, see ante, at 16 -- 17 -- is ir-
rational because, for purposes of the State's regulation of
harmful professional conduct, treatments administered
through words versus treatments administered through
acts are not meaningfully different.5

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The majority appears to adopt a theory of the "speech incident to con-

duct" doctrine that is analytically similar to, but ultimately narrower
than, the recitation adopted by the United States. Ante, at 16 -- 17. But,
just like the United States, the majority fails to account for NIFLA's con-
ceptualization of the doctrine as turning on the State's objectives. In-
deed, the majority's analysis offers no cohesive narrative to explain ei-
ther why this exception to heightened scrutiny exists or how -- like all
exceptions -- it operates to consistently effect a balance of the public's in-
terests (here, free speech and the personal safety that medical standards
secure).
16 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

By contrast, NIFLA's actual line marks a real, constitu-
tionally relevant distinction: Restrictions of speech that oc-
cur when a State undertakes to regulate the treatments
that professionals provide to patients are merely "inci-
dental"; they are materially different from speech re-
strictions that are not "tied to a [medical] procedure at all."
585 U. S., at 769 -- 770; cf. Black's Law Dictionary 686 (5th
ed. 1979) (defining "incidental" as "[d]epending upon or ap-
pertaining to something else as primary," such as "some-
thing incidental to the main purpose"). The latter warrants
strict scrutiny since the State is regulating "speech as
speech," while in the former case -- where the State is
merely restricting speech due to its regulation of medical
treatments -- heightened scrutiny is not needed. 585 U. S.,
at 770.
The "speech incident to conduct" doctrine thus ably bal-
ances the interests at stake by accommodating a State's tra-
ditional police power to regulate the practice of medicine for
the protection of its residents while also ensuring that
speech is not being targeted. As we explained in NIFLA,
that doctrine recognizes that the treatments provided by li-
censed medical professionals can be prohibited even if, by
doing so, the State incidentally restricts those providers'
speech. Id., at 769 -- 770. This is constitutionally permissi-
ble precisely because the restricted speech is not being reg-
ulated "as speech" -- i.e., based on or due to its message or
expressive content. Rather, the speech restriction is a mere
byproduct of the State's healthcare regulation.
So, at the end of the day, I think what we have here is
what Casey involved and NIFLA did not: a State restricting
a medical provider's speech only as part of its regulation of
the provision of medical treatments to individual patients.
See NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 769 -- 770; Casey, 505 U. S., at 884
(joint opinion of O'Connor, Kennedy, and Souter, JJ.). And
it is precisely because the MCTL is restricting Chiles's
speech "only as part of [her] practice of medicine" that the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

First Amendment is not particularly bothered despite the
impact on her speech. Casey, 505 U. S., at 884 (same). Ac-
cordingly, talk therapists like Chiles -- just like any other
healthcare provider seeking to treat patients -- can pre-
sumptively be "subject[ed] to reasonable licensing and reg-
ulation by the State." Ibid.
B
The conclusion that a State can regulate the provision of
medical care even if, in so doing, it incidentally restricts the
speech of some providers, fully comports with the First
Amendment's animating principles. These principles in-
clude the well-settled notion that context matters when
evaluating First Amendment challenges to state regula-
tion. See Virginia Bd. of Pharmacy, 425 U. S., at 762 -- 768
(analyzing the First Amendment protections due speech in
the commercial context); cf. Central Hudson Gas & Elec.
Corp. v. Public Serv. Comm'n of N. Y., (1980) (explaining how the context and characteristics
of commercial speech justify less scrutiny).
The context that frames today's debate is the kind of
speech that is at issue here -- what I am calling (as short-
hand) "professional medical speech." This is the only type
of speech the MCTL restricts.
1
Properly defined, "professional medical speech" is a nar-
row category. It is not all speech "uttered by 'profession-
als.' " NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 767. Rather, it is speech by
healthcare professionals made as part of their provision of
medical care to patients. To be even more specific, profes-
sional medical speech occurs when a medical professional
speaks to a client (1) in the context of the professional-pa-
tient relationship; (2) on matters within the provider's pro-
fessional expertise as defined by the medical community;
(3) for the purpose of providing medical care. See C. Haupt,
18 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Professional Speech, 125 Yale L. J. 1238, 1247 -- 1248 (2016);
R. Post, Informed Consent to Abortion: A First Amendment
Analysis of Compelled Physician Speech, 2007 U. Ill.
L. Rev. 939, 947; D. Halberstam, Commercial Speech, Pro-
fessional Speech, and the Constitutional Status of Social In-
stitutions, 147 U. Pa. L. Rev. 771, 834 (1999).
First, professional medical speech is speech uttered
within the bounds of the professional-patient relationship.
See, e.g., Haupt, 125 Yale L. J., at 1254 -- 1255. That rela-
tionship imposes certain duties and restrictions on the med-
ical professional. For example, medical providers are bound
by the twin duties of beneficence (the obligation to act for
the benefit of the patient) and nonmaleficence (the obliga-
tion not to harm the patient). B. Varkey, Principles of Clin-
ical Ethics and Their Application to Practice, 2020 Med.
Principles and Prac. 17, 18.6
Second, professional medical speech is speech within the
healthcare provider's area of expertise as a member of the
medical community. Haupt, 125 Yale L. J., at 1248 -- 1251.
Within the professional-patient relationship, the profes-
sional has knowledge that the patient does not have, includ-
ing knowledge of which medical treatments are appropriate
and how to administer them. The patient comes to the pro-
vider to access that expertise, which is informed by -- and
constrained by -- what the medical community knows. See
id., at 1243.
Finally, and most importantly, professional medical
speech is made for the purpose of providing the patient with

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 This means, of course, that a provider is not employing professional

medical speech when speaking outside of the professional-patient rela-
tionship. The provider who gives a speech touting the benefits of conver-
sion therapy, or writes a paper criticizing those who do not practice con-
version therapy, or even expresses to a patient her general (non-
treatment-related) views about conversion therapy does not have the du-
ties that arise in the context of the professional-patient relationship and,
accordingly, is not engaging in professional medical speech.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

JACKSON, J., dissenting

medical care. See id., at 1255. This speech is a tool em-
ployed to treat patients. In this sense, professional medical
speech facilitates the professional's goal of providing the pa-
tient with the treatment, procedure, or healthcare that is
within her expertise and that forms the basis of the profes-
sional-patient relationship.
2
Keeping in mind these characteristics of professional
medical speech, consider the First Amendment principles
that serve as guideposts for determining the level of scru-
tiny that a government restriction of such speech deserves.
First, and most fundamentally, is preservation of the
marketplace of ideas. See Abrams v. United States, (1919) (Holmes, J., dissenting); Meyer v.
Grant, (1988). Indeed, the "whole project
of the First Amendment" stemmed from the Founders' de-
sire to protect the "critically important" goal of having "a
well-functioning sphere of expression, in which citizens
have access to information from many sources." Moody v.
NetChoice, LLC, (2024). Within the mar-
ketplace of ideas, speech that is expressive of the speaker's
thoughts and views is, generally speaking, highly valued.
See Leathers v. Medlock, (1991); Ashcroft
v. American Civil Liberties Union, -- 574
(2002).
But professional medical speech does not intersect with
the marketplace of ideas: "[I]n the context of medical prac-
tice we insist upon competence, not debate." Post, 2007 U.
Ill. L. Rev., at 950. The degree to which medical providers
speaking within the boundaries of providing patient care
can express themselves is limited because their interactions
with patients are constrained by their well-established du-
ties to those patients and the requirement that they meet
the standard of care. Moreover, given these limits, profes-
sional medical speech does not necessarily involve the
20 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

expression of ideas or messages, so it does not provide sig-
nificant value to the general marketplace. See Dun &
Bradstreet, Inc. v. Greenmoss Builders, Inc., -- 759 (1985) (plurality opinion).
That's not to say that there isn't a robust marketplace of
ideas within the medical community. Medical professionals
contribute to that particular marketplace by writing pa-
pers, giving speeches, and pushing the bounds of the com-
munity's knowledge through experimentation. And, in-
deed, the standard of care for a medical treatment can be
greatly influenced and changed by virtue of such speech. It
is there that truth competes for "accept[ance] in the...
market." Abrams, 250 U. S., at 630 (Holmes, J., dissent-
ing). But that marketplace exists outside the confines of the
professional-patient relationship. See Haupt, 125 Yale
L. J., at 1243 -- 1244 (discussing the epistemic marketplace
among medical professionals).
Within the confines of the professional-patient relation-
ship, treatment-related "truths" are a given -- they are set
by licensing and malpractice standards, and it is not un-
common that such regulation incidentally restricts provider
speech. Moreover, regulation of the practice of medicine is
pervasively and unavoidably viewpoint based. The majority
and the concurrence both resist this: They relentlessly de-
ride Colorado for engaging in "viewpoint discrimination" by
banning conversion therapy but permitting affirming care.
Ante, at 13 -- 14 (majority opinion); ante, at 1 -- 2 (KAGAN, J.,
concurring). But context makes that point ring hollow.
When a State establishes a standard of care, or punishes
a doctor for providing care outside of that standard, it nec-
essarily limits what medical professionals can say and do
on the basis of viewpoint. A State can permissibly "pro-
hibi[t] the administration of specific drugs for particular
medical uses" but not for others. United States v. Skrmetti,
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

JACKSON, J., dissenting

(2025).7 So, too, may it prohibit a doctor
from encouraging a patient to commit suicide, see Tr. of
Oral Arg. 43 -- 45, or a dietician from telling an anorexic pa-
tient to eat less, see id., at 22 -- 23. Likewise, no one would
bat an eye if a State required its doctors to discourage, but
not encourage, smoking tobacco.
Even though these kinds of regulations are inherently
viewpoint based, in the context of medical care, a State can
certainly require the medical professionals it licenses to
stand on one side of an issue. See Collins v. Texas, -- 298 (1912) (recognizing the "right of the State to
adopt a policy even upon medical matters concerning which
there is difference of opinion and dispute"). Though these
proscriptions certainly promote a viewpoint, in this context,
that alone does not suffice to establish a presumptive First
Amendment violation. Instead, under the "speech incident
to conduct" doctrine, the challenged laws must also operate
as speech-suppression tools, designed to vanquish free ex-
pression.
But, here, Colorado's clear aim is enforcement of a stand-
ard of care that is indisputably applicable to the State's li-
censed healthcare professionals. Taking a position as to
how those providers should handle a medical issue is the
very essence of standard-setting -- once again, this kind of
viewpoint-based regulation ensures "competence, not de-
bate." Post, 2007 U. Ill. L. Rev., at 950. My colleagues' con-
trary conclusions are puzzling, for a standards-based
healthcare scheme cannot function unless its regulators are
permitted to choose sides.8
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Of course, when the State discriminates "on the basis of sex and

transgender status" with respect to the administration of specific drugs,
that discrimination implicates the Equal Protection Clause and requires
heightened scrutiny for purposes of the Fourteenth Amendment. See
Skrmetti, 605 U. S., at 579 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting).
8 Faulting Colorado for legislating based on its view that conversion

therapy is harmful for minors and that affirming care is the better
22 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

A second and corollary First Amendment principle is the
listener's interest in receiving information. See Murthy v.
Missouri, (2024); accord, Kleindienst v.
Mandel, (1972). In the professional med-
ical context, however, informational asymmetry shapes the
listener's interest. To be sure, "[r]espect for patients' au-
tonomy is a cornerstone of medical ethics." American Med-
ical Association Code of Medical Ethics, Opinion 11.2.4:
Transparency in Health Care (2026). But that interest is
not served by receiving all existing opinions -- only infor-
mation about treatments that are within the standard of
care advances patients' interests. Ibid. ("[P]hysicians have
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
treatment, the concurrence purports to save "for another day" the ques-
tion whether "content-based but viewpoint-neutral laws regulating
speech in doctors' and counselors' offices" comport with the First Amend-
ment. Ante, at 4 (opinion of KAGAN, J.). But that magnanimity is a mi-
rage. Standards-based regulations exist in the medical context precisely
because the State has a view about safety or efficacy; regulation is a
State's police-power prerogative to promote those views (as the standard
of care) while simultaneously rejecting all others.
The laws I reference in Part IV, infra, are not examples of content-
based, viewpoint-neutral laws, as the concurrence maintains. Contra,
ante, at 4, n.*. Rather, when properly analyzed, those laws are either
facially viewpoint based -- see, e.g., the requirement that the medical pro-
fessional must not provide care "in a cruel manner," Kan. Admin. Regs.
102 -- 3 -- 12a(b)(11) (2022) -- or unavoidably viewpoint based in applica-
tion. Consider, for example, a therapist disciplined for failing to provide
care that promotes the "best interests" of her client. See Ga. Comp. Rules
& Regs., Rule 135 -- 7 -- .01(1) (2026). Punishment for a violation of that
standard requires the State to impose its view of what a therapist should
have said or done, and would necessarily "reflect the [State's] disap-
proval" of the speech the therapist actually employed. See Matal v. Tam,
(2017) (Kennedy, J., concurring in part and concurring
in judgment). But, of course, imposing the State's view of what is appro-
priate is the entire point of standards-based regulation. The First
Amendment allows this because the State is regulating professional con-
duct and this professional's speech is only being incidentally restricted;
the analysis does not turn on whether the State's regulation is viewpoint
neutral. Neutrality is not -- and cannot be -- the touchstone of the laws
that govern the quality of care that professionals provide to patients.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

JACKSON, J., dissenting

an obligation to inform patients about all appropriate treat-
ment options" ). Patients are not in a po-
sition to wade through medical discourse and inde-
pendently evaluate the best treatment for their
circumstances. Their interests as listeners are thus limited
by the nature and purpose of the professional-patient rela-
tionship.
Third, and finally, the First Amendment protects a
speaker's autonomy. " '[T]he fundamental rule of protection
under the First Amendment [is] that a speaker has the au-
tonomy to choose the content of his own message.' "
Rumsfeld v. Forum for Academic and Institutional Rights,
Inc., -- 64 (2006) ). But, here again, with respect to
professional medical speech, healthcare providers do not
have autonomy; when it comes to providing treatments for
their patients, they are bound by the standard of care and
are not generally free to "choose the content" of their mes-
sage. See Haupt, 125 Yale L. J., at 1272; Halberstam, 147
U. Pa. L. Rev., at 867. Put differently, although medical
professionals do have an autonomy interest in communi-
cating their ideas to the patients they are treating, that in-
terest only extends to treatment-related advice and infor-
mation that is consistent with the standard of care.
In my view, the majority is mistaken to equate treat-
ment-related speech rendered in the context of providing
medical care with any spoken words uttered by any other
speaker. See, e.g., ante, at 11 ("While the First Amendment
protects many and varied forms of expression, the spoken
word is perhaps the quintessential form of protected
speech. And that is exactly the kind of expression in which
Ms. Chiles seeks to engage"). The majority is also wrong to
insist that it is antithetical to the First Amendment for a
State to incidentally restrict a healthcare provider's treat-
ment-related speech based on a "prevailing 'standard of
24 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

care' " because "[m]edical consensus... is not static; it
evolves and always has." Ante, at 22. The mutability of
medical standards tells us little about the First Amend-
ment's scope in a country where medical standards are en-
forceable by law and govern the treatment-related conduct
of professional healthcare providers.
Like it or not, treatment standards exist in America. And
those standards necessarily reflect the expert medical com-
munity's current beliefs about the safety and efficacy of var-
ious medical treatments, whatever those beliefs might be.
Medical standards are driven by science (objective facts and
data), but, naturally, they are not viewpoint neutral. Con-
sequently, the people win -- not lose -- when a State incorpo-
rates the medical profession's viewpoint into laws that re-
quire licensed treatment providers to conform to prevailing
standards of care. Contra, ante, at 22 (suggesting other-
wise). For this reason, the Court has long recognized a
State's power to regulate to protect its residents even in the
face of uncertainty. Cf. Gonzales v. Carhart, (2007) (collecting cases and noting the "wide discretion"
afforded state legislatures to "pass legislation in areas
where there is medical and scientific uncertainty").9

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The majority laments that, because medical consensus is "not static,"

a law like the MCTL might operate to "silenc[e]" professional speech go-
ing forward even if medical consensus swings the other way. Ante, at 22.
Illustrating this problem, the majority points to shameful parts of this
country's past to show the dangers that can come from regulation that
relies on outdated medical practices. Ibid. ). But the majority does not mention that, if the
standard of care does change, the state legislature has the power to
change the law in response to that evidence. The majority's point seems
to be that States should not be permitted to enact (rigid) laws based on
current scientific thought because expert opinions might shift over time.
But those uncertainties -- which have always existed -- are no reason to
abandon medical standards or to alter how the law has traditionally ac-
commodated scientific discoveries. The potential that medical consensus
may change in the future does not mean that the Constitution prevents
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 25

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Put differently, States impose treatment standards incor-
porating the current consensus of medical experts to protect
state residents from harm. And they do this to ensure that
professionals provide patients with high-quality care. A
State that, alternatively, pursues an agenda of purposefully
silencing critics, muzzling opponents, or targeting views it
considers threatening would, of course, violate the First
Amendment. But it behooves us all (and especially courts)
to see and know the difference.
Ultimately, then, no traditional First Amendment princi-
ple justifies preventing a State from regulating medical
care simply and solely because its law happens to restrict
treatment-related speech. And in this case, there is zero
evidence that Colorado has engaged in the corrosive and il-
licit suppression of ideas that the First Amendment val-
iantly repels. The record here does not show that Chiles is
being "target[ed]" or "muzzle[d]" or "silenced" or "cen-
sor[ed]," as the majority suggests. Ante, at 14, 15, 22, 23.
Instead, as a healthcare provider licensed by the State of
Colorado, she is simply being held to the same standard of
care that all other licensed medical professionals in that
State must follow.10 The MCTL's conversion-therapy ban
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
a State from acting today to protect its residents from what medical ex-
perts currently believe is a harmful medical treatment.
10 Under my analysis, evidence of speech targeting or suppression

could include the fact that the challenged state regulation does not, in
fact, reflect current medical consensus. See ante, at 22 (noting the mu-
tability of the medical consensus). If a State enacts a treatment prohibi-
tion that substantially diverges from the medical community's present
beliefs, the law might well be a pretext for illicit speech-targeting objec-
tives. Far from requiring "reflexive deference," ibid., proof of such moti-
vation would be unearthed, and carefully examined, as part and parcel
of a court's proper "speech incident to conduct" inquiry, since the doctrine
is only applicable to reasonable State regulations. See Planned
Parenthood of Southeastern Pa. v. Casey, (1992) (joint
opinion of O'Connor, Kennedy, and Souter, JJ.) (noting that medical pro-
fessionals are "subject to reasonable licensing and regulation by the
State"); NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 785 (Breyer, J., dissenting) (stating that
26 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

only incidentally restricts professional medical speech as a
result of Colorado's regulation of a harmful medical treat-
ment; nothing compels the conclusion that a state regula-
tion that operates to restrict this kind of communication in
this way is targeting speech qua speech.
III
The centuries-long tradition of States using their police
powers to establish and enforce the standards of care that
bind medical professionals -- including those who use
speech to administer treatments -- is another indication
that heightened scrutiny does not and need not apply here.
The majority's opinion largely omits this broader historical
record. But, when consulted, that history demonstrates un-
equivocally that the MCTL is neither unusual nor inher-
ently suspect.
States have always had "broad power to establish stand-
ards for licensing practitioners and regulating the practice
of professions." Goldfarb v. Virginia State Bar, (1975). With respect to the medical profession in
particular, States have used that power to control how med-
icine is practiced "from time immemorial." Dent v. West Vir-
ginia, (1889).
States have historically regulated the medical profession
in two complementary ways: licensing schemes and medi-
cal-malpractice liability. Both necessarily encompass re-
strictions on professional medical speech through the regu-
lation of the provision of medical care.
Medical licensing began as early as 1639, before this
country was founded. R. Horowitz, In the Public Interest:
Medical Licensing and the Disciplinary Process 39 (2013).
Many States deregulated in the mid-1800s by abolishing
their licensing schemes. Id., at 40. But regulation through
licensing was not abandoned for long: By the turn of the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
the First Amendment yields to "reasonable conditions" that States im-
pose on medical providers).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 27

JACKSON, J., dissenting

20th century, 12 States had adopted licensing laws. D.
Johnson & H. Chaudhry, Medical Licensing and Discipline
in America: A History of the Federation of State Medical
Boards 23 (2012). We held that such laws were a permissi-
ble exercise of a State's traditional police powers, declaring
that "[t]he power of the state to provide for the general wel-
fare of its people authorizes it to prescribe all such regula-
tions as, in its judgment, will secure or tend to secure them
against the consequences of ignorance and incapacity as
well as of deception and fraud." Dent, 129 U. S., at 122; see
also Watson v. Maryland, (1910) (reject-
ing challenge to medical-licensing law).
Today, every State has a medical-licensing scheme. See
App. to Brief for Health Law Scholars as Amici Curiae. In
practice, medical licensing serves two functions, both essen-
tial to patient safety. First, as the majority emphasizes, li-
censing sets limits on who may practice medicine. See P.
Larkin, M. Fishpaw, & L. McCarthy, Telemedicine and Oc-
cupational Licensing, 73 Admin. L. Rev. 747, 774 (2021);
ante, at 20. But the second function is more important for
this case: State licensing laws also regulate how those pro-
fessionals may practice, by requiring them to adhere to a
standard of care. See Brief for Respondents 27; see also
App. to id., at 1a -- 8a (listing state laws that require medical
and mental health professionals to be licensed and to com-
ply with professional standards).
While licensing regulates medical professionals ex ante,
medical-malpractice lawsuits enforce those standards
ex post. And just like medical licensing, the tort of medical
malpractice has a long pedigree.
English common law held doctors liable for harm caused
by their negligent medical treatment. 3 W. Blackstone,
Commentaries on the Laws of England *122 (W. Lewis ed.
1922) (1768). The English tradition carried forward; this
legal claim has been available in our country since the
founding. See K. De Ville, Medical Malpractice in
28 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Nineteenth-Century America: Origins and Legacy 3, 5
(1990) (De Ville). In the mid-1800s, the number of malprac-
tice cases skyrocketed, filling the void left by the States'
temporary deregulation of medical licensing. See id., at 25 -- 
34; see also id., at 115 -- 137; Graham v. Gautier, 21 Tex. 111,
117 -- 118 (1858) (observing that the lack of a licensing
scheme demanded enforcement of a corresponding stand-
ard of care).
Historically, the medical-malpractice tort generally re-
quired the plaintiff to prove three things: (1) that there was
a professional-patient relationship, (2) that the medical
professional had caused him harm, and (3) that the pro-
vider had departed from a standard of care. De Ville 46 -- 
50. The majority focuses on the requirement to show harm.
Ante, at 21. But the entire point of the third element was
to reinforce the standards that govern medical practition-
ers. For that reason, the harmed plaintiff was required to
establish that the accused physician had not practiced with
"ordinary care, diligence, and skill." See De Ville 49 (em-
phasis deleted).
State enforcement of the standard of care -- i.e., "the care,
skill, and knowledge regarded as competent among similar
medical providers in the same or similar circumstances,"
Restatement (Third) of Torts: Medical Malpractice (Tent.
Draft No. 2, Mar. 2024) -- has continued over time and still
serves as the touchstone for both licensing schemes and
medical-malpractice lawsuits. Brief for Respondents 25 -- 
26, and App. to id., at 1a -- 8a. That is, States have consist-
ently regulated medical professionals' conduct to ensure
that modern healthcare practices conform to the standard
of care through both medical-malpractice law and profes-
sional licensing.
Note, too, that such state regulation has not been limited
to medical procedures: Physicians have historically been
held liable for what they said when administering those
procedures as well. See Graham, 21 Tex., at 119 -- 120
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 29

JACKSON, J., dissenting

(imposing liability for medical advice); Edwards v. Lamb,
69 N. H. 599, 45 A. 480 (1899); Skillings v. Allen, 143 Minn.
323, 173 N. W. 663 (1919). Moreover, in the past, States
have -- as part of their licensing regulations -- defined the
"practice of medicine" to cover practitioner speech. See, e.g.,
Smith v. People, 51 Colo. 270, 272, 117 P. 612, 613 (1911)
(noting that the "practice of medicine" as regulated by Col-
orado's licensing law included "suggestion[s or] recommen-
dation[s]... of treatment").
In short, States have regulated professional conduct re-
lated to the provision of all kinds of medical care -- and inci-
dentally restricted speech -- without constitutional affront
for eons. Though the majority averts its gaze, even a cur-
sory glance at the broader historical record is illuminating,
for it reveals that States have traditionally played a signif-
icant role in setting the standards that govern the medical
profession. See Washington v. Glucksberg, (1997) (emphasizing the state interest "in protecting
the integrity and ethics of the medical profession"); Barsky
v. Board of Regents of Univ. of N. Y., 
(1954) (same).
With the MCTL, Colorado has merely taken up that same
mantle. That law operates by prohibiting a particular med-
ical treatment the State considers harmful, and nothing
about it implicates Chiles's First Amendment rights in a
markedly different fashion than other States' traditional ef-
forts to regulate and enforce the standard of care.11

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 The majority's observation that "counselor-licensure bill[s]" are a rel-

atively recent innovation, ante, at 20, is an interesting diversion. But
that is all. The relevant historical question is whether States have his-
torically regulated the medical care that licensed professionals provide
to patients, including treatments that are delivered via speech. The an-
swer is yes; the fact that counselors have only recently been included in
the regulated category of "licensed medical professionals" is beside the
point.
30 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

One more thought on this: The majority rigidly imposes
a history-and-tradition test that treats the plethora of his-
torical examples as insufficient. See ante, at 18 -- 22. But it
should instead find the long tradition of state laws setting
standards of care by regulating the professional conduct of
medical providers -- including those who treat with
speech -- doubly reassuring.
For one thing, this history helps us to be confident that
what Colorado is doing here is actually regulating medical
care, not suppressing messages. The record shows that
States have routinely enacted laws that establish and en-
force the standard of care, and that serves as a backdrop for
an understanding of how States have acted historically to
protect their residents from harm. The majority is right
about one thing, however: A State will always say that its
law just regulates the provision of medical treatments,
while the challenger will inevitably argue that the State's
law nefariously targets speech qua speech. See ante, at 16.
A lengthy tradition of similar regulatory efforts by States -- 
or the absence of one -- helps courts to ferret out who has
the better of that argument.
The history also helpfully demonstrates that a lower level
of scrutiny is appropriate here, despite the impact of the
MCTL on Chiles's speech. We can rest easy, comforted by
the fact that this law is not actually operating to suppress
the expression of thoughts, messages, or ideas about con-
version therapy; instead, the MCTL restricts talk thera-
pists in the same way and to the same extent as other
healthcare professionals have historically been limited
when treating patients. Like other valid licensing re-
strictions, the MCTL does not prevent Chiles from speaking
out in favor of conversion therapy, promoting conversion
therapy, or otherwise lending credence to efforts to validate
that therapy. All this law does is prohibit Chiles from
providing this treatment to minor patients -- no different
than what Colorado and other States have been doing in the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 31

JACKSON, J., dissenting

indisputably valid exercise of their police powers for centu-
ries.12
All things considered, then, I reach a different conclusion
in this case than the majority does because precedent, prin-
ciples, and history point in the same direction: No height-
ened scrutiny is warranted here. The First Amendment
cares about government efforts to suppress "speech as
speech" (based on its expressive content), not laws that, like
the MCTL, restrict speech "incidentally," due to the govern-
ment's traditional, garden-variety regulation of such speak-
ers' professional conduct.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 Suggesting otherwise, the majority places great stock in our decision

in Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project, (2010). See ante, at
10, 16. Holder involved a law that prevented lawyers and doctors from
providing " 'material support' " for others' terrorist activities by word or
deed. 561 U. S., at 8 -- 9. We subjected the law to strict scrutiny because,
as applied to the plaintiffs, the law was aimed at preventing profession-
als from "communicating a message." Id., at 28. Such a regulation
plainly raised the specter of suppression -- i.e., that what the United
States was really aiming to do was prevent those professionals from ex-
pressing support for something the United States found distasteful. In
other words, the challenged law sought to punish the plaintiffs based on
the expressive content of their speech. That is not what we have here.
The MCTL -- which follows in a long line of state regulation of healthcare
providers' treatment-related conduct -- does not restrict or punish medi-
cal professionals because of the expressive content of their communica-
tions. Rather, the speech restriction happens only incidentally; the
MCTL's indisputable objective is prohibiting a harmful medical treat-
ment. To put a finer point on this: The equivalent of Chiles's First
Amendment claim, transported to the Holder context, would be as if the
United States in Holder had said: "you professionals are prohibited from
committing acts of terrorism," and the lawyers among them responded,
"it is unconstitutional to apply your 'no terrorist acts' prohibition to us
because we want to commit the prohibited terrorist acts with our speech."
But, of course, the First Amendment would not prevent the United
States from prohibiting all terrorist acts even if, by doing so, it inci-
dentally restricts the speech that some actors might otherwise have used
to behave in the manner the law prohibits. In my view, that is how
Chiles's constitutional claim works (and also why it fails).
32 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

IV
Ultimately, because the majority plays with fire in this
case, I fear that the people of this country will get burned.
Before now, licensed medical professionals had to adhere to
standards when treating patients: They could neither do
nor say whatever they want. Largely due to such State reg-
ulation, Americans have been privileged to enjoy a long and
successful tradition of high-quality medical care.
Today, the Court turns its back on that tradition. And,
to be completely frank, no one knows what will happen now.
This decision might make speech-only therapies and other
medical treatments involving practitioner speech effec-
tively unregulatable -- not to be reached via licensing stand-
ards, medical-malpractice liability, or any other means of
state control. Who knows? Certainly not the majority. It
appears to have made this momentous decision without ad-
equately grappling with the potential long-term and disas-
trous implications of this ruling.
The fallout could be catastrophic. Many regulations im-
pact the speech of medical professionals in the context of
their provision of healthcare to patients; the possibilities go
far beyond talk therapy and informed consent. For exam-
ple, many States require that medical professionals "make
every reasonable effort to promote the welfare, autonomy
and best interests of " the client. Ga. Comp. Rules & Regs.,
Rule 135 -- 7 -- .01(1) (2026); see Ind. Admin. Code, tit. 839,
-- -- 5(1) (2026); Conn. Gen. Stat. -- 542 (requiring
"[h]umane and dignified treatment") (2025); Ala. Admin.
Code Rule 255 -- X -- 11 -- .01 (Supp. 2016) (requiring that the
professional "assure client welfare and protection" during
medical care). Some States further prohibit medical profes-
sionals from treating a patient "in a cruel manner." Kan.
Admin. Regs. 102 -- 3 -- 12a(b)(11) (2022). Similarly, some
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 33

JACKSON, J., dissenting

licensing boards can discipline a provider who "is incompe-
tent." Alaska Stat..29.400(4) (2025).13
On the majority's view, these kinds of regulations become
unenforceable if the healthcare provider risks harming pa-
tients with their speech rather than an operation. Provid-
ers who offer "cruel" speech-only therapies or who use
speech to (intentionally or incompetently) harm the welfare
of patients, for example, can now assert a First Amendment
right to carry on, regardless of these standards.
So, to put it bluntly, the Court could be ushering in an
era of unprofessional and unsafe medical care administered
by effectively unsupervised healthcare providers. A state
license used to mean something to the patients who entrust
their care to licensed professionals -- i.e., that the person is
certified to be one who provides treatments that are con-
sistent with the standard of care.
That stops today. Indeed, it is not at all clear how, or to
what extent, state regulation of medical care involving
practitioner speech can survive this holding. We are on a
slippery slope now: For the first time, the Supreme Court
has interpreted the First Amendment to bless a risk of ther-
apeutic harm to children by limiting the State's ability to
regulate medical providers who treat patients with speech.
What's next? In the worst-case scenario, our medical sys-
tem unravels as various licensed healthcare professionals -- 
talk therapists, psychiatrists, and presumably anyone else
who claims to utilize speech when administering

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 Those are not the only restrictions that constrain the speech of med-

ical professionals. Some States require that a counselor make a treat-
ment plan specifying goals and methods, and ensure that such plan is
"viab[le] and effectiv[e]." Ariz. Admin. Code, Rule R4 -- 6 -- 1102 (Sept.
2025). Others prohibit "making claims of professional superiority that
one cannot substantiate" or "guaranteeing that satisfaction or a cure will
result from the performance of professional services." Kan. Admin. Regs.
102 -- 3 -- 12a(b)(31), (32). Still others prohibit the professional from "exer-
cis[ing] undue influence on the client." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 245 -- 224(j).
34 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

treatments to patients -- start broadly wielding their new-
found constitutional right to provide substandard medical
care.
It is baffling that we could now be standing on the edge
of a precipitous drop in the quality of healthcare services in
America. But the Court sees fit to bring us one step closer
to that fate today. Stranger still is the fact that this possi-
bility looms in the 21st century -- given what science now en-
ables us to know about medical conditions and treatments,
what our cases say, and what we all should have learned by
now from history. Somehow, Justices from eras past have
always understood that (as I stated at the outset) "there is
no right to practice medicine which is not subordinate to the
police power of the States." Lambert, 272 U. S., at 596.
They correctly applied that simple but powerful under-
standing of our Constitution across the board -- to all
healthcare professionals, including those with practices
that happen to involve treatment-related speech. We do
harm to both the Nation's medical system and our First
Amendment jurisprudence by ignoring that wisdom today.
* * *
The First Amendment requires heightened scrutiny
when States regulate "speech as speech" but not when
speech is restricted "incidentally." NIFLA, 585 U. S., at
769 -- 770. The latter occurs where, as here, a State seeks to
prohibit healthcare professionals from providing a danger-
ous medical treatment in all of its forms, including the
speech-related variety. States have traditionally regulated
the provision of medical care through licensing schemes and
malpractice regimes without constitutional incident. And
no core principle of our First Amendment jurisprudence
leads inexorably to the conclusion that it violates the Con-
stitution for a State to prevent its licensed talk therapists
from using speech to harm the minors in their care. Hold-
ing otherwise, as the majority does now, flouts centuries of
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 35

JACKSON, J., dissenting

state-standardized regulation of medical care and is, ulti-
mately, nonsensical. The Constitution does not pose a bar-
rier to reasonable regulation of harmful medical treatments
just because substandard care comes via speech instead of
scalpel.
Accordingly, I cannot agree with the majority's analysis
or its conclusions in this case. The majority finds, at bot-
tom, that Colorado likely cannot legislate to protect the chil-
dren of its State if, by doing so, it happens to keep state-
licensed healthcare providers from saying what they want
to say to minors. And the majority's holding means, in ef-
fect, that just because Chiles is a talk therapist -- and not,
say, a surgeon -- a State can be prevented from incidentally
imposing reasonable restrictions on the treatments she pro-
vides. Our precedents do not compel this conclusion. In
fact, NIFLA draws a different line, and the correct course
of action here is to hold it: Speech uttered for purposes of
providing medical treatment may be restricted incidentally
when the State reasonably regulates the speaker's provi-
sion of medical treatments to patients. Id., at 769 -- 770.
To do anything else opens a dangerous can of worms. It
threatens to impair States' ability to regulate the provision
of medical care in any respect. It extends the Constitution
into uncharted territory in an utterly irrational fashion.
And it ultimately risks grave harm to Americans' health
and wellbeing.

============================================================

JUSTICE GORSUCH delivered the opinion of the Court.
Kaley Chiles is a mental-health counselor in Colorado. In
this case, we consider her First Amendment challenge to a
state law regulating what she may say when speaking with
her clients.
I
A
According to Ms. Chiles's verified complaint, she holds a
master's degree in clinical mental health and a state coun-
seling license. App. to Pet. for Cert. 212a (App.). Clients
seek her help on a wide variety of mental-health issues, in-
cluding trauma, addiction, "eating disorders, gender dys-
phoria[,] and sexuality." Id., at 206a -- 207a, 215a. Ms.
Chiles "does not begin counseling" on any topic "with any
predetermined goals." Id., at 207a. Nor does she seek to
"impose her values or beliefs" on clients. Id., at 212a. In-
stead, she "sits down... and talks to them about their
goals." Id., at 207a; see also id., at 213a. Only after clients
have identified their own aspirations does Ms. Chiles begin
2 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

"formulat[ing] methods of counseling that will most benefit"
them. Id., at 207a. In any counseling that follows, as well,
Ms. Chiles seeks to respect her "clients' fundamental right
of self-determination." Ibid.
On matters of sexuality and gender, Ms. Chiles's clients,
including minors, come to her with different goals in mind.
Some "are content with" their sexual orientation and gen-
der identity and seek assistance only with "social issues,
family relationships," and the like. Id., at 207a, 213a -- 214a.
In cases like those, Ms. Chiles does not try to persuade her
clients to "change their attractions, behavior, or identity,"
but aims instead to help them address their stated goals.
Id., at 214a; see also id., at 207a. Other clients, however,
come to her hoping to "reduce or eliminate unwanted sexual
attractions, change sexual behaviors, or grow in the experi-
ence of harmony with [their] bod[ies]." Ibid. And in these
cases, too, Ms. Chiles seeks to help her clients reach their
own stated objectives. Ibid. In doing so, she does not pre-
scribe any medicines, perform any physical treatments, or
engage in any coercive or aversive practices. Id., at 205a -- 
207a. All Ms. Chiles offers is talk therapy. Ibid.
B
In 2019, Colorado adopted a law prohibiting licensed
counselors from engaging in "conversion therapy" with mi-
nors. Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 245 -- 224(1)(t)(V) (2025). The
State reports that it adopted the law "in response to a grow-
ing mental health crisis among Colorado teenagers and
mounting evidence that conversion therapy is associated
with increased depression, anxiety, suicidal thoughts, and
suicide attempts." Brief for Respondents 11 -- 12. Any Col-
oradan who thinks a licensed counselor is engaging in con-
version therapy may file a complaint with a regulatory
board. See -- 245 -- 226(1)(a)(II)(B). A complaint, in turn,
triggers a disciplinary review process that can yield a fine,
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

probation, or the loss of a license. See -- 245 -- 225; Brief
for Respondents 9.
The term "conversion therapy" may evoke physical tech-
niques such as " 'electric shoc[k ]' " therapy aimed at chang-
ing an individual's sexual orientation or gender identity.
Id., at 4. But Colorado's ban on conversion therapy reaches
further, forbidding "any practice or treatment... that at-
tempts... to change an individual's sexual orientation or
gender identity." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(a).
The law forbids as well any "effor[t] to change behaviors or
gender expressions or to eliminate or reduce sexual or ro-
mantic attraction or feelings toward individuals of the same
sex." Ibid. At the same time, the law explicitly allows coun-
selors to engage in "practices" that provide "[a]cceptance,
support, and understanding for the facilitation of an indi-
vidual's... identity exploration and development." -- 
245 -- 202(3.5)(b)(I). Likewise, the law allows counselors to
provide "[a]ssistance to a person undergoing gender transi-
tion." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(b)(II).
After Colorado adopted its new law, Ms. Chiles filed suit
in federal court and sought a preliminary injunction prohib-
iting the State from enforcing it against her. She did not
dispute that the statute has many valid applications. In-
deed, Ms. Chiles did not take issue with Colorado's effort to
ban what she herself calls "long-abandoned, aversive" phys-
ical interventions. Brief for Petitioner 10. Instead, Ms.
Chiles objected to Colorado's law only as it applies to her
talk therapy, therapy that involves no physical interven-
tions or medications, only the spoken word. Motion for Pre-
liminary Injunction in No. 22 -- cv -- 2287 (D Colo.), ECF Doc.
29, pp. 2 -- 3, 15.
Ms. Chiles's as-applied challenge ran this way. With re-
spect to gender identity, she claimed, the law permits her
to speak in ways that encourage a client " 'undergoing gen-
der transition,' " but the law prohibits her from speaking in
ways that help a client "realign [his] identity with [his] sex."
4 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

Brief for Petitioner 11; see ECF Doc. 29, at 17 -- 20. With
respect to sexual orientation, Ms. Chiles continued, Colo-
rado's law similarly allows her to affirm a client's sexual
orientation, but prohibits her from speaking in any way
that helps a client "change" his sexual attractions or behav-
iors. Brief for Petitioner 11; see ECF Doc. 29, at 17 -- 20.
Even though Colorado's law surely has other constitutional
applications, she insisted, these constraints strip her of her
First Amendment right to speak freely with her clients in
ways she believes might help them meet "their own goals."
Brief for Petitioner 12; see ECF Doc. 29, at 2 -- 3.
C
Both the district court and the Tenth Circuit determined
that Ms. Chiles had Article III standing to pursue her as-
applied pre-enforcement challenge. 116 F. 4th 1178, 1199,
1201 (2024); Civ. Action No. 1:22 -- cv -- 2287 (D Colo., Dec. 19,
2022), App. 139a.
In support of their conclusion, both courts read Colorado's
law as prohibiting licensed counselors like Ms. Chiles from
engaging in any attempt -- including through speech -- to
help a minor client change his gender identity or sexual ori-
entation. 116 F. 4th, at 1197; App. 141a -- 142a. Both courts
understood this prohibition as extending to any attempt -- 
including through speech -- to change a client's "behaviors
or gender expressions or to eliminate or reduce sexual or
romantic attraction or feelings toward individuals of the
same sex." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(a); see 116 F. 4th, at 1197;
App. 141a -- 142a. As both courts saw it, too, Ms. Chiles had
previously spoken in ways the law now forbids, and she
would continue speaking the same way but for Colorado's
new law. 116 F. 4th, at 1196 -- 1198; App. 141a -- 142a. Fi-
nally, both courts concluded that Ms. Chiles had alleged a
"credible threat" that the State would enforce its law
against her if she continued speaking as she had in the past
and wished to do in the future. Indeed, both courts
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

observed, Colorado authorities had refused to disavow
bringing enforcement actions against her. 116 F. 4th, at
1198 -- 1199; App. 142a -- 144a.
Under these circumstances, the courts held, Ms. Chiles
faced an "ongoing injury resulting from the statute's
chilling effect" on her speech. 116 F. 4th, at 1195 ; see App. 140a -- 141a. Satisfied
as well that Ms. Chiles's injury was traceable to Colorado's
law and redressable by an as-applied constitutional ruling
in her favor, both courts held that she possessed Article III
standing to bring suit. 116 F. 4th, at 1194, 1199; App. 145a,. In coming to this conclusion, the lower courts joined
others that have found standing in similar cases involving
similar statutes. See, e.g., Tingley v. Ferguson, 47 F. 4th
1055, 1066 (CA9 2022); Catholic Charities of Jackson, Le-
nawee and Hillsdale Ctys. v. Whitmer, 162 F. 4th 686, 691
(CA6 2025).*

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*We, too, agree that Ms. Chiles has standing. Before us, Colorado only
halfheartedly contests the point, suggesting Ms. Chiles cannot establish
a present "intention" to speak in a way the law forbids. Brief for Re-
spondents 23,. But the State's argument is based not on some new
insight about Ms. Chiles's state of mind, only a new and narrowed con-
struction of the statute that the State advances for the first time in this
Court. Id., at 18 -- 19. Colorado's late-breaking construction of its law,
however, would render much of the law's language superfluous. Reply
Brief 2 -- 6; People v. Rodriguez-Morelos, 562 P. 3d 71, 73 (Colo. 2025) (re-
citing the presumption against surplusage when construing state stat-
utes). The State's new interpretation also seemingly stands at odds with
how the State itself understood its law in proceedings below. See, e.g.,
Motion to Dismiss Complaint in No. 22 -- cv -- 2287 (D Colo.), ECF Doc. 52,
p. 5,. Separately, Colorado suggests that Ms. Chiles has not shown
a credible threat that the State will enforce its law against her. Brief for
Respondents 23,. But Colorado has fought this suit through three
courts over three years and, at argument here, expressly declined to dis-
avow enforcement against Ms. Chiles. Tr. of Oral Arg. 80 -- 81. As the
lower courts held, no more is required under this Court's precedents. 116
F. 4th, at 1199; App. 145a; see Susan B. Anthony List v. Driehaus, (2014).
6 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

Turning to the merits, both the district court and the
Tenth Circuit denied Ms. Chiles's request for a preliminary
injunction. The courts recognized that Ms. Chiles provides
only "talk therapy." 116 F. 4th, at 1193; see App. 152a. And
they acknowledged that Colorado's law regulates the "ver-
bal language" she may use. 116 F. 4th, at 1208; see App.
152a. But, the courts held, the main thrust of the State's
law is to delineate which "treatments" and "therapeutic mo-
dalit[ies]" are permissible. 116 F. 4th, at 1208, 1210; see
App. 151a. Accordingly, the courts reasoned that Colo-
rado's law is best understood as regulating "professional
conduct." 116 F. 4th, at 1206, 1208, 1214; see App. 151a,
155a. At most, they continued, Colorado's law regulates
speech only "incidentally" to professional conduct. 116
F. 4th, at 1204; see App. 155a. As a result, the courts con-
cluded, Colorado's law triggers no more than "rational basis
review" under the First Amendment, requiring the State to
show merely that its law is rationally related to a legitimate
governmental interest. 116 F. 4th, at 1215; App. 156a. Be-
cause the State satisfied that standard, the courts held that
Ms. Chiles was not entitled to the relief she sought. 116
F. 4th, at 1220 -- 1221; App. 157a.
At the Tenth Circuit, Judge Hartz dissented. As he saw
it, the majority committed "several fundamental errors."
116 F. 4th, at 1227. While Colorado's law may ban conduct
in other applications, he observed, with respect to Ms.
Chiles it regulates only what she may and may not say. Id.,
at 1231. And under this Court's precedents, he argued, that
kind of speech regulation triggers far more demanding scru-
tiny than mere rational-basis review. Id., at 1226 -- 1229.
Nor, Judge Hartz continued, does the fact that Ms. Chiles
happens to hold a professional license change the equation.
Id., at 1229 -- 1230. To the contrary, he said, the majority's
effort to recast Ms. Chiles's speech as "professional conduct"
amounted to little more "than a labeling game." Id., at 1231.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

After the Tenth Circuit ruled, Ms. Chiles sought certio-
rari. In doing so, she argued that the Tenth Circuit's deci-
sion "worsened a circuit conflict" over how the First Amend-
ment interacts with laws like Colorado's. Pet. for Cert. 16;
compare 116 F. 4th, at 1221, and Tingley, 47 F. 4th, at
1077, with Catholic Charities of Jackson, 162 F. 4th, at 696;
Otto v. Boca Raton, 981 F. 3d 854, 868 -- 870 (CA11 2020);
King v. Governor of New Jersey, 767 F. 3d 216, 229 (CA3
2014), abrogated in part by National Institute of Family
and Life Advocates v. Becerra, -- 769
(2018) (NIFLA); Tingley v. Ferguson, 57 F. 4th 1072, 1083 -- 
1085 (CA9 2023) (Bumatay, J., dissenting from denial of re-
hearing en banc).
We agreed to hear the case. (2024).
II
The question before us is a narrow one. Ms. Chiles does
not question that Colorado's law banning conversion ther-
apy has some constitutionally sound applications. See Brief
for Petitioner 53. She does not take issue with the State's
effort to prohibit what she herself calls "long-abandoned,
aversive" physical interventions. Id., at 10. Instead, Ms.
Chiles stresses that she provides only talk therapy, employ-
ing no physical techniques or medications. Yet, she argues,
Colorado's law still applies to her, prescribing what she may
say in "voluntary counseling conversations" with her cli-
ents. Id., at 50. And because that application of the law
strikes at the heart of the First Amendment's protections
for free speech, she contends, it warrants considerably more
searching scrutiny than the rational-basis review the Tenth
Circuit applied in this case or the intermediate-scrutiny re-
view some other lower courts have employed in cases like
hers. Id., at 38; see, e.g., King, 767 F. 3d, at 237. We agree.
To explain why, we begin by outlining the relevant First
Amendment principles that govern us before discussing
how they apply here.
8 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

A
The First Amendment "envisions the United States as a
rich and complex place" where all enjoy the " 'freedom to
think as you will and to speak as you think.' " 303 Creative
LLC v. Elenis, 603 (2023) ).
Often, speech may prove illuminating and inspiring. Some-
times, it can be misguided, offensive, or cause "incalculable
grief." Snyder v. Phelps, (2011). But
either way, the First Amendment protects the inalienable
right of every individual to decide for himself "how best to
speak." Riley v. National Federation of Blind of N. C., Inc.,
(1988). In this Nation, no official -- "high
or petty" -- may command our tongues or silence our voices.
West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, 
(1943).
Consistent with the First Amendment's jealous protec-
tions for the individual's right to think and speak freely,
this Court has long held that laws regulating speech based
on its subject matter or "communicative content" are "pre-
sumptively unconstitutional." Reed v. Town of Gilbert, (2015). As a general rule, such "content-
based" restrictions trigger "strict scrutiny," a demanding
standard that requires the government to prove its re-
striction on speech is "narrowly tailored to serve compelling
state interests." Ibid. Under that test, it is " 'rare that a
regulation... will ever be permissible.' " Brown v. Enter-
tainment Merchants Assn., (2011) (quot-
ing United States v. Playboy Entertainment Group, Inc., (2000)).
We have recognized, as well, the even greater dangers as-
sociated with regulations that discriminate based on the
speaker's point of view. When the government seeks not
just to restrict speech based on its subject matter, but also
seeks to dictate what particular "opinion or perspective" in-
dividuals may express on that subject, "the violation of the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

First Amendment is all the more blatant." Rosenberger v.
Rector and Visitors of Univ. of Va., 
(1995). "Viewpoint discrimination," as we have put it, rep-
resents "an egregious form" of content regulation, and gov-
ernments in this country must nearly always "abstain" from
it. Ibid.; see also Iancu v. Brunetti, 
(2019) (describing "the bedrock First Amendment principle
that the government cannot discriminate" based on view-
point ); Good News Club
v. Milford Central School, -- 113 (2001);
Barnette, 319 U. S., at 642.
Of course, with almost any rule comes exceptions. And
this Court has recognized a "few historic and traditional
categories of expression long familiar to the bar" where
content-based restrictions on speech will not automatically
trigger strict scrutiny -- categories that include fraud, defa-
mation, and "fighting words." United States v. Alvarez, (2012) (plurality opinion) (alterations and in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). But, as we have taken
pains to emphasize, these exceptional categories are few
and narrowly drawn, and all share a long and well-
recognized historical pedigree. Ibid.; see NIFLA, 585 U. S.,
at 767. Indeed, even within these categories we have some-
times still applied strict scrutiny when governments have
sought to regulate speech based on viewpoint. See, e.g.,
R. A. V. v. St. Paul, 395 -- 396 (1992) (ad-
dressing an ordinance that barred certain "fighting words"
based on viewpoint).
From these general principles, other more specific ones
follow. So, for example, a law regulating the content of
speech cannot avoid searching First Amendment review
just because it mostly regulates non-expressive conduct.
Take a classic illustration: Cohen v. California, 
(1971). There, the State of California charged Paul Cohen
with "maliciously and willfully disturb[ing] the peace." Id.,
at 16. Often, of course,
10 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

a person disturbs the peace through conduct alone (say, by
brawling at a city council meeting). But that is not always
true. And in Mr. Cohen's case, California charged him for
disturbing the peace because he wore a jacket bearing the
words " 'Fuck the Draft' " in the corridor of a municipal
courthouse. Ibid. As applied to him, the Court recognized,
the law implicated core First Amendment concerns because
the only " 'conduct' " he engaged in was the speech he dis-
played. Id., at 18. And, we held, California could not con-
stitutionally punish him because of the "content" of his mes-
sage. Ibid.
We repeated the point in Holder v. Humanitarian Law
Project, (2010). That case involved a federal law
banning the provision of " 'material support' " to certain for-
eign terrorist organizations. Id., at 8 -- 9. Much as Califor-
nia had in Cohen, the federal government in Holder argued
that the law did not trigger strict scrutiny because it ad-
dressed "conduct, not speech." 561 U. S., at 26. We disa-
greed. True, we acknowledged, the law often might regu-
late conduct. But, we observed, in the case before us the
government threatened to prosecute lawyers, doctors, and
others for providing spoken training and expert advice
(such as " 'how to use humanitarian and international law
to peacefully resolve disputes' ") to certain groups. Id., at
16, 21 -- 22. And that application of the law, we held, sought
to "regulat[e] speech on the basis of its content" and thus
demanded strict-scrutiny review. Id., at 27 -- 28.
As Holder indicates, too, the First Amendment's protec-
tions extend to licensed professionals much as they do to
everyone else. It's a point we have since discussed at length
in NIFLA. There, California sought to require crisis preg-
nancy clinics to make certain statements to their clients.
The State argued that its law did not trigger demanding
First Amendment review because it sought to regulate only
" 'professional speech' " by state license holders. 585 U. S.,
at 766 -- 767. We rejected that move. By compelling clinics
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

to speak the State's message, the law regulated speech
based on its content. Id., at 766. And, we held, California
had failed to "identif[y] a persuasive reason for treating pro-
fessional speech as a unique category... exempt from ordi-
nary First Amendment principles." Id., at 773.
In reaching that conclusion, to be sure, we acknowledged
two kinds of content-based restrictions that can apply to
professional speech without triggering strict scrutiny.
First, courts generally deploy less searching review when
faced with laws that require speakers to disclose only fac-
tual, noncontroversial information in " 'commercial
speech.' " Id., at 768; Zauderer v. Office of Disciplinary
Counsel of Supreme Court of Ohio, -- 653
(1985). Second, laws regulating conduct in ways that inci-
dentally sweep in speech may also generally avoid strict
scrutiny. NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 769. As with laws address-
ing fraud, defamation, and "fighting words," laws regulat-
ing speech along these two lines enjoy a long historical tra-
dition. Id., at 767. But, we stressed, neither "turn[s] on the
fact" that a licensed professional happens to be speaking.
Id., at 768. Nor, we emphasized, do these narrow categories
of lesser-protected speech warrant a new rule exempting a
broader "category called 'professional speech' " from de-
manding First Amendment review. Ibid.
B
Applying these principles, we conclude that the courts be-
low failed to apply sufficiently rigorous First Amendment
scrutiny in this case.
Start with the most obvious point. While the First
Amendment protects many and varied forms of expression,
the spoken word is perhaps the quintessential form of pro-
tected speech. And that is exactly the kind of expression in
which Ms. Chiles seeks to engage. As a talk therapist, all
Ms. Chiles does is speak with clients; she does not prescribe
12 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

medication, use medical devices, or employ any physical
methods. App. 205a -- 207a.
Next, and nearly as clear to our eyes, Colorado seeks to
regulate the content of Ms. Chiles's speech. When it comes
to issues of human sexuality, some of her clients "are con-
tent with" their sexual identity and orientation and want
help only "with social issues [or] family relationships." Id.,
at 207a, 214a. But other clients seek her counsel on how to
"reduce or eliminate unwanted sexual attractions, change
sexual behaviors, or grow in the experience of harmony
with [their] bod[ies]." Id., at 207a. And in those cases, Col-
orado regulates how Ms. Chiles may respond. Under its
law, she may not speak in any way that attempts to change
a client's "sexual orientation or gender identity" -- including
a client's "behaviors or gender expressions" -- or in any way
that seeks to "eliminate or reduce" a client's "sexual or ro-
mantic attraction or feelings toward individuals of the same
sex." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(a).
Doubtless, Colorado sees things differently. The State in-
sists, and the Tenth Circuit agreed, that its law does not
"regulate expression" at all, only "conduct," "treatment," or
a "therapeutic modality." Brief for Respondents 2, 36 -- 37,
47; 116 F. 4th, at 1208. As a result, Colorado reasons, its
law triggers no more than rational-basis or intermediate-
scrutiny review. Brief for Respondents 42 -- 44. But the
State's premise is simply mistaken. In many applications,
the State's law banning "conversion therapy" may address
conduct -- such as aversive physical interventions. But
here, Ms. Chiles seeks to engage only in speech, and as ap-
plied to her the law regulates what she may say. Her
speech does not become conduct just because the State may
call it that. Nor does her speech become conduct just be-
cause it can also be described as a "treatment," a "therapeu-
tic modality," or anything else. The First Amendment is no
word game. And the rights it protects cannot be renamed
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

away or their protections nullified by "mere labels."
NAACP v. Button, (1963).
Our precedents have long made that much clear. Califor-
nia faulted Mr. Cohen for the "conduct" of wearing an offen-
sive jacket. Cohen, 403 U. S., at 16. The federal govern-
ment insisted that its law banning support to terrorists
regulated "conduct" even as applied to the written and spo-
ken advice of professionals like lawyers and doctors.
Holder, 561 U. S., at 10, 26. But the effort to recast speech
as conduct failed in those cases -- and it must here too. Un-
der the First Amendment, what matters is not how a gov-
ernment describes its law or whether the law may regulate
conduct in other circumstances. What matters is whether,
in fact, the law regulates speech in the case at hand.
As applied here, Colorado's law does not just regulate the
content of Ms. Chiles's speech. It goes a step further, pre-
scribing what views she may and may not express. For a
gay client, Ms. Chiles may express "[a]cceptance, support,
and understanding for the facilitation of... identity explo-
ration." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(b)(I). For a client "undergoing
gender transition," Ms. Chiles may likewise offer words of
"[a]ssistance." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(b)(II). But if a gay or
transgender client seeks her counsel in the hope of chang-
ing his sexual orientation or gender identity, Ms. Chiles
cannot provide it. The law forbids her from saying anything
that "attempts... to change" a client's "sexual orientation
or gender identity," including anything that might repre-
sent an "effor[t] to change [her client's] behaviors or gender
expressions or... romantic attraction[s]." -- 245 -- 
202(3.5)(a). Colorado disputes none of this; neither does the
dissent. See post, at 20 -- 21 (opinion of JACKSON, J.) (ac-
knowledging that Colorado has engaged in viewpoint dis-
crimination).
Of course, Ms. Chiles remains free to say other things. As
Colorado and the dissent emphasize, she may "shar[e] in-
formation" about sexual orientation or gender identity.
14 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

Brief for Respondents 20. She can "criticiz[e] Colorado's
law." Ibid. She can "writ[e] papers" espousing her views.
Post, at 20 (opinion of JACKSON, J.). She may even encour-
age a client to seek advice from someone else who doesn't
hold a state license. Brief for Respondents 20. But true as
all that may be, it is also true that she cannot voice certain
"perspective[s]" the State disfavors when speaking with
consenting clients. Rosenberger, 515 U. S., at 829. And,
under our precedents, viewpoint restrictions like that are
not subject to mere rational-basis review or intermediate
scrutiny. Rather, they represent "an egregious form of con-
tent discrimination" where First Amendment concerns are
at their most "blatant." Ibid.; see also Reed, 576 U. S., at
168 -- 169; contra, post, at 8, 20 -- 21 (JACKSON, J., dissenting)
(contending that "heightened scrutiny... is not warranted"
even while admitting that Colorado's law discriminates
based on viewpoint).
The fact that the State's viewpoint regulation targets
only licensed healthcare professionals like Ms. Chiles
changes nothing. Colorado and the dissent may believe
that the First Amendment should carry "far less salience"
for the Nation's millions of "medical professionals" than for
everyone else. Post, at 2 (opinion of JACKSON, J.); post, at
17 -- 26; Brief for Respondents 23. They may believe that
state-imposed orthodoxies in speech pose few dangers and
many benefits in this field (and who knows what others).
But their policy is not the First Amendment's. The Consti-
tution does not protect the right of some to speak freely; it
protects the right of all. It safeguards not only popular
ideas; it secures, even and especially, the right to voice dis-
senting views. Consistent with these principles, our prece-
dents have expressly rejected the State and dissent's notion
that "professional speech" represents some "separate cate-
gory of speech" subject to "diminished constitutional protec-
tion." NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 767. History is littered with examples of official efforts
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

to manipulate and control professional speech -- including
"the content of doctor-patient discourse" -- in ways designed
"to increase state power," "suppress minorities," and muz-
zle "unpopular ideas." Id., at 771 (recounting examples). And the "dangers associ-
ated with" censorship, we have recognized, are no less acute
"in the fields of medicine and public health" than they are
anywhere else. Ibid..
Nor does Colorado's law implicate any recognized excep-
tion to our usual First Amendment rules. As we have seen,
some laws regulating speech based on its content -- like ones
addressing fraud, defamation, and "fighting words" -- do not
generally trigger heightened scrutiny because of their long
historical pedigree. See Part II -- A, supra. As we have seen,
too, NIFLA recognized that two kinds of such laws some-
times apply to professionals. See 585 U. S., at 768. But
Colorado's law fits in neither category. The State does not
require professionals to disclose "factual, noncontroversial
information in their commercial speech." Ibid.. Instead, Colorado seeks to sup-
press views Ms. Chiles wishes to express. Nor, with respect
to Ms. Chiles, does Colorado's law regulate conduct in a way
that only "incidentally burden[s] speech." Id., at 769. All
Ms. Chiles does is speak -- and, as far as she is concerned,
speech is all Colorado seeks to regulate.
Resisting this conclusion, Colorado and the dissent try to
shoehorn the State's statute into the latter category. See,
e.g., Brief for Respondents 37. By defining prohibited "con-
version therapy" broadly, Colorado observes, its law pro-
scribes a "wide range" of "treatments." Id., at 18. Any ac-
tivity that seeks to change a client's gender identity or
sexual orientation -- whether it involves "electric shocks" or
consists of "words only" -- is banned. Ibid. And considering
the full scope of the law's many applications, the State sub-
mits, it seeks to regulate mostly conduct and reaches speech
only incidentally. Ibid. The dissent pursues a similar
16 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

theme, insisting that Colorado has only incidentally prohib-
ited Ms. Chiles's speech because the law's "primary objec-
tive" is to regulate medical treatments. Post, at 8 -- 26 (Opin-
ion of JACKSON, J.).
This argument echoes Colorado's claim that it seeks to
regulate only conduct, and they falter for similar reasons.
If a government could reclassify talk therapy as speech in-
cident to conduct, it might just as easily do the same for
speech incident to "teaching or protesting." Otto, 981 F. 3d,
at 865. "[B]oth are activities, after all." Ibid. Were that
the rule, "[w]hat an opportunity for [the] suppression of dis-
sent this would offer." 116 F. 4th, at 1228 (Hartz, J., dis-
senting). Governments could easily wield all manner of
laws regulating some conduct to silence speech they disfa-
vor. It is a result that would not "compor[t ] with the First
Amendment's animating principles" so much as betray
them. Contra, post, at 17 (JACKSON, J., dissenting).
Recognizing as much, our precedents in Cohen and
Holder already foreclose exactly this move. California pros-
ecuted Mr. Cohen under a law banning disturbances of the
peace. Cohen, 403 U. S., at 16. The federal government
threatened lawyers and doctors with prosecution under a
law prohibiting support for terrorists. Holder, 561 U. S., at
10, 14 -- 15, 25. In both cases, the government defended its
actions on the ground that the law in question was gener-
ally aimed at certain types of conduct. But in both cases,
we emphatically rejected that argument. Just because a
law may "generally functio[n] as a regulation of conduct,"
we held, does not exempt it from demanding First Amend-
ment review when a government seeks to apply that law to
speech alone. Id., at 27 -- 28.
At bottom, Colorado and the dissent fundamentally mis-
conceive this Court's speech-incident-to-conduct prece-
dents. In these cases, the question is not whether a law
mostly addresses conduct and only sometimes sweeps in
speech. Instead, the focus lies on two entirely different
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

questions: whether the law in question restricts speech only
because it is integrally related to unlawful conduct -- or
whether the law restricts expressive conduct only for rea-
sons unrelated to its content. Illustrative of the first cate-
gory, this Court has held that strict scrutiny does not apply
to regulations aimed at speech promoting the sale of con-
traband because such speech is often bound up with tradi-
tional criminal conduct. United States v. Williams, -- 298 (2008); see also Giboney v. Empire Stor-
age & Ice Co., (1949); Brief for Eugene
Volokh as Amicus Curiae 3 -- 11. Illustrative of the second
category, "an ordinance against outdoor fires" would not re-
quire a court to apply strict scrutiny even if it prohibited
burning a flag in protest, because the law forbids conduct
without regard to the message it may convey. Sorrell v.
IMS Health Inc., (2011).
Colorado's law does not regulate speech incident to con-
duct under either test. The State does not dictate what Ms.
Chiles may say because her speech bears a close causal con-
nection to some separately unlawful conduct like a tradi-
tional crime. Rather, Ms. Chiles seeks to speak with inter-
ested clients about steps they might take to change
unwanted behaviors, expressions, or attractions related to
sexual orientation or gender identity -- conduct Colorado it-
self does not dispute those clients (or anyone else) may law-
fully undertake. Cf. Tr. of Oral Arg. 58 (conceding that "life
coaches" and other non-licensees can lawfully convey the
advice Ms. Chiles seeks to offer). Nor does Colorado seek to
regulate Ms. Chiles's speech for reasons unrelated to its
content, like a ban on outdoor fires that happens to sweep
in flag burning. Instead, the State's law trains directly on
the content of her speech and permits her to express some
viewpoints but not others. Colorado does not regulate
speech incident to conduct; it regulates "speech as speech."
NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 770.
18 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

C
Perhaps sensing that this Court's existing precedents of-
fer it little support, Colorado ultimately pivots, urging us to
reshape our doctrine. In doing so, the State begins by point-
ing again to NIFLA. There, recall, the Court observed that
our cases have identified "two circumstances" in which
speech by professionals may warrant "diminished" First
Amendment protection: when a law seeks to compel disclo-
sure of factual, noncontroversial information in commercial
speech; and when a law regulates speech only incidentally
to conduct. Id., at 767 -- 768 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). Still, Colorado emphasizes, NIFLA left open the pos-
sibility that a future party might present "persuasive evi-
dence... of a long (if heretofore unrecognized) tradition" of
content regulation regarding additional categories of pro-
fessional (or other) speech that might likewise warrant only
"diminished" First Amendment protection. Id., at 767 (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted); see also United States v.
Stevens, (2010).
Seeking to take up this challenge, Colorado contends that
its law falls within a long tradition of permissible content
regulation. It's a line of argument that comes with a daunt-
ing burden. Under our precedents, the State must present
"persuasive" historical evidence in order to overcome our
"especia[l]" "reluctan[ce] to mark off new categories of
speech for diminished constitutional protection." NIFLA,
585 U. S., at 767. Still,
Colorado insists, it can carry that burden in this case be-
cause States have traditionally enjoyed wide latitude to
proscribe "substandard care" even when that involves reg-
ulating the content of speech. Brief for Respondents 16. As
evidence, Colorado points to the history of state laws licens-
ing the practice of medicine, regulating informed consent,
and permitting tort suits for medical malpractice. Id., at
23 -- 36. The dissent pursues the same point citing the same
authorities. See post, at 9 -- 11, 26 -- 31, 35 (opinion of
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

Opinion of the Court

JACKSON, J.) (suggesting that States may ban "substandard
care" provided "via speech" in light of licensing, informed
consent, and malpractice laws).
This argument stumbles out of the gate, for it proceeds at
far too high a level of generality. From three specific sets
of laws, Colorado and the dissent ask us to recognize a cav-
ernous "First Amendment Free Zone," Stevens, 559 U. S., at
469, one in which States
may censor almost any speech they consider "substandard
care." It is, once more, an approach our precedents already
foreclose.
Consider a couple examples. In Alvarez, the federal gov-
ernment pointed to specific, historical laws proscribing
fraud and defamation and asked us to extrapolate from
them a much broader rule allowing it to enforce content-
based restrictions on any "false statements." In NIFLA,
California suggested that informed-consent laws and our
speech-incident-to-conduct doctrine might be cobbled to-
gether to sustain the recognition of a field of "professional
speech" subject only to rational-basis review. We rejected
both efforts, stressing instead that discrete traditions of
content-based regulations cannot be aggregated together to
sustain some new and broader category of lesser-protected
speech. Alvarez, 567 U. S., at 718 -- 722 (plurality opinion);
id., at 736 (Breyer, J., concurring in judgment); NIFLA, 585
U. S., at 767 -- 768; see also Button, 371 U. S., at 439 -- 440
(distinguishing State's law from laws proscribing accepted
"common-law offenses"); Florida Star v. B. J. F., (1989) (similar). And Colorado's similar effort can
succeed no more than others like it have in the past.
Beyond that problem lies another. Taking each of the
three traditions Colorado and the dissent invoke on its own
terms -- as we must -- none delivers the support they sup-
pose.
Start with Colorado's suggestion, endorsed by the dis-
sent, that the State's statute represents nothing more than
20 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

a traditional law licensing the practice of medicine. See
Brief for Respondents 27 -- 28; post, at 26 -- 27 (opinion of
JACKSON, J.). We cannot agree for at least two reasons.
First, the State has not presented persuasive evidence that
its law is part of a historical tradition. When assessed at
the level of generality our precedents demand, what Colo-
rado describes turns out to be a relatively recent innova-
tion. Indeed, the briefing before us suggests that the very
first state "counselor-licensure bill" was adopted only in
1976. National Academies, Institute of Medicine, Provision
of Mental Health Counseling Services Under TRICARE 94
(2010); D. Bergman, The Role of Government and Lobbying
in the Creation of a Health Profession: The Legal Founda-
tions of Counseling, 91 J. Counseling & Development 61
(2013) (Bergman); see also Brief for Petitioner 42. And that
is far from the sort of "persuasive evidence" of a historically
grounded practice our precedents require. NIFLA, 585
U. S., at 767.
Second, licensing laws have traditionally addressed what
qualifications an individual must possess before practicing
a particular profession. See Bergman 62 (licensing laws
generally "establis[h] minimum standards of preparation
and ensur[e] the professional is qualified"); R. Kry, The
"Watchman for Truth": Professional Licensing and the First
Amendment, 23 Seattle U. L. Rev. 885, 887 (2000) (a "licen-
sure scheme typically sets out certain requirements that
the professional must fulfill before practicing"). And what-
ever traditional interest a State may have in ensuring a
professional possesses a particular set of qualifications,
that interest does not automatically entail a right to dictate
a professional's point of view. NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 773.
Turn now to Colorado's effort, again echoed by the dis-
sent, to compare its statute to informed-consent laws. See
Brief for Respondents 34 -- 36; post, at 9 -- 11 (opinion of
JACKSON, J.). Those laws generally require a doctor to in-
form a patient about "the nature of [a proposed] procedure"
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

Opinion of the Court

and its attendant "risks." NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 769 -- 770 (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). As such, informed-
consent laws do not usually trigger strict scrutiny because
they regulate speech only incident to separate physical con-
duct that would, "without [the] patient's consent," amount
to "an assault." Id., at 770 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). Usually, too, informed-consent laws require practi-
tioners to disclose only factual and uncontroversial infor-
mation. See id., at 769 -- 770. But all that is a far cry from
how Colorado's law operates here. As applied to Ms. Chiles,
the State seeks neither to regulate her speech incident to
any conduct, nor does it seek to compel disclosure of factual
and uncontroversial information. Instead, it seeks to si-
lence a viewpoint she wishes to express.
Colorado and the dissent close by asking us to analogize
the State's law to traditional tort malpractice claims. See
Brief for Respondents 25 -- 26; post, at 27 -- 29 (opinion of
JACKSON, J.). But here again the differences are impossible
to ignore. In a traditional malpractice action, liability at-
taches only if the plaintiff shows, among other things, that
he has suffered an injury caused by the defendant's breach
of the applicable duty of care. See, e.g., Day v. Johnson, 255
P. 3d 1064, 1068 -- 1069 (Colo. 2011). Those kinds of "[e]xact-
ing proof requirements," we have observed, may "provide
sufficient breathing room for protected speech." Illinois ex
rel. Madigan v. Telemarketing Associates, Inc., (2003). Yet Colorado's law contains nothing like
them, instead threatening individuals with fines, proba-
tion, and the loss of their licenses simply for expressing a
particular view. See -- 245 -- 202(3.5), 12 -- 245 -- 224(1)(t),
12 -- 245 -- 225. Nor does Colorado's law allow clients to con-
sent to practices that depart from the prevailing standard
of care, while malpractice law sometimes does. See Re-
statement (Third) of Torts: Medical Malpractice (2024);
Schneider v. Revici, 817 F. 2d 987, 995 (CA2 1987).
22 CHILES v. SALAZAR

Opinion of the Court

Consider, too, where the State and dissent's logic leads.
Not long ago, many medical experts and organizations, in-
cluding the American Psychiatric Association, considered
homosexuality a mental disorder. See American Psychiat-
ric Association, Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Men-
tal Disorders 38 -- 39 (1952); cf. American Psychiatric Asso-
ciation, Position Statement on Homosexuality and Civil
Rights, 131 Am. J. Psychiatry 497 (1974). On the view Col-
orado and the dissent advance, a law adopted during that
era prohibiting counselors from engaging in the
"substandard care" of affirming their clients' homosexuality
would have been subject to only rational-basis or interme-
diate-scrutiny review -- and likely upheld. See 116 F. 4th,
at 1237 -- 1238 (Hartz, J., dissenting). Today, tomorrow, and
forever, too, any professional speech that deviates from
"current beliefs about the safety and efficacy of various
medical treatments" could be silenced with relative ease.
Post, at 24 (opinion of JACKSON, J.). It is a consequence
Colorado freely acknowledges. Tr. of Oral Arg. 61 -- 63. And
one the dissent embraces. Post, at 23 -- 26, and (opinion
of JACKSON, J.). So what if that kind of reflexive deference
to currently prevailing professional views may not always
end well? Cf. Buck v. Bell, -- 207 (1927).
Fortunately, that is not the world the First Amendment
envisions for us. Licensed professionals "have a host of
good-faith disagreements" about the "prudence" and "eth-
ics" of various practices in their fields. NIFLA, 585 U. S.,
at 772. Medical consensus, too, is not static; it evolves and
always has. A prevailing standard of care may reflect what
most practitioners believe today, but it cannot mark the
outer boundary of what they may say tomorrow. Far from
a test of professional consensus, the First Amendment rests
instead on a simple truth: "[T]he people lose" whenever the
government transforms prevailing opinion into enforced
conformity. Ibid.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

Opinion of the Court

III
We do not doubt that the question "how best to help mi-
nors" struggling with issues of gender identity or sexual ori-
entation is presently a subject of "fierce public debate." Tin-
gley v. Ferguson, 601 U. S. ___, ___ (2023) (THOMAS, J.,
dissenting from denial of certiorari). But Col-
orado's law addressing conversion therapy does not just ban
physical interventions. In cases like this, it censors speech
based on viewpoint. Colorado may regard its policy as es-
sential to public health and safety. Certainly, censorious
governments throughout history have believed the same.
But the First Amendment stands as a shield against any
effort to enforce orthodoxy in thought or speech in this coun-
try. It reflects instead a judgment that every American pos-
sesses an inalienable right to think and speak freely, and a
faith in the free marketplace of ideas as the best means for
discovering truth. However well-intentioned, any law that
suppresses speech based on viewpoint represents an "egre-
gious" assault on both of those commitments. Rosenberger,
515 U. S., at 829.
The judgment of the Tenth Circuit is reversed, and the
case remanded for further proceedings consistent with this
opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

KAGAN, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 539
_________________

KALEY CHILES, PETITIONER v. PATTY SALAZAR, IN
HER OFFICIAL CAPACITY AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
OF THE COLORADO DEPARTMENT OF
REGULATORY AGENCIES, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT
[March 31, 2026]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR joins,
concurring.
The Court today decides that the Colorado law challenged
here, as applied to talk therapy, conflicts with core First
Amendment principles because it regulates speech based on
viewpoint. See ante, at 23. I agree. I write only to note
that if Colorado had instead enacted a content-based but
viewpoint-neutral law, it would raise a different and more
difficult question.
As the Court states, governments must "nearly always"
abstain from adopting viewpoint-based restrictions. Ante,
at 9. Those laws represent a particularly "egregious form"
of content-based regulation, implicating First Amendment
concerns to the highest possible degree. Ibid.; see Iancu v.
Brunetti, (2019). A law drawing a line
based on the "ideology" of the speaker -- disadvantaging one
view and advantaging another -- skews the marketplace of
ideas our society depends on to discover truth. Rosenberger
v. Rector and Visitors of Univ. of Va., 
(1995). And such a law suggests an impermissible motive -- 
that the government is regulating speech because of its own
"hostility" toward the targeted messages. R. A. V. v. St.
Paul, (1992). If the First Amendment
2 CHILES v. SALAZAR

KAGAN, J., concurring

prohibits anything, it is the "official suppression of ideas."
Id., at 390; see Reed v. Town of Gilbert, -- 
183 (2015) (KAGAN, J., concurring in judgment). Because
viewpoint-based laws always raise that specter, they are
the most suspect of all speech regulations. So much so that
this Court has refused to permit viewpoint discrimination
even within unprotected categories of speech, like fighting
words or obscenity. See R. A. V., 505 U. S., at 384 -- 390.
Colorado's law, as applied to talk therapy, regulates
based on viewpoint, for the reasons the Court gives. See
ante, at 13 -- 14. The law forbids a counselor to provide ther-
apy designed to "change [a minor's] sexual orientation or
gender identity." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(a)
(2025); see -- 245 -- 224(1)(t)(V). At the same time, the law
specifically allows a counselor to offer therapy expressing
"[a]cceptance, support," and other affirmation of the minor's
"identity exploration." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(b)(I) -- (II). So, for
example, the law prevents a therapist from saying she can
help a minor change his same-sex orientation, but permits
her to say that such a goal is impossible and so she will help
him accept his gay identity. Colorado does not dispute that
point. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 78. Nor does it dispute that un-
der normal First Amendment principles, that difference
constitutes viewpoint discrimination. See ibid. Indeed, the
case is textbook. The law "distinguishes between two op-
posed sets of ideas" -- the one resisting, the other reflecting,
the State's own view of how to speak with minors about sex-
ual orientation and gender identity. Iancu, 588 U. S., at
394. Or said just a bit differently, the law draws a line
based on the speaker's "opinion or perspective," and thus
enables "speech on only one side" -- the State's preferred
side -- of an ideologically charged issue. Rosenberger, 515
U. S., at 829; McCullen v. Coakley, 
(2014).
Of course, it does not matter what the State's preferred
side is. Consider a hypothetical law that is the mirror
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

KAGAN, J., concurring

image of Colorado's. Instead of barring talk therapy de-
signed to change a minor's sexual orientation or gender
identity, this law bars therapy affirming those things. As
Ms. Chiles readily acknowledges, the First Amendment
would apply in the identical way. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 25 -- 
26; see also id., at 37 -- 38 (United States as amicus curiae
agreeing). Once again, because the State has suppressed
one side of a debate, while aiding the other, the constitu-
tional issue is straightforward.
It would, however, be less so if the law under review was
content based but viewpoint neutral. Such content-based
laws, as the Court explains, trigger strict scrutiny "[a]s a
general rule." Ante, at 8. But our precedents respecting
those laws recognize complexity and nuance. We apply our
most demanding standard when there is any "realistic pos-
sibility that official suppression of ideas is afoot" -- when,
that is, a (merely) content-based law may reasonably be
thought to pose the dangers that viewpoint-based laws al-
ways do. Davenport v. Washington Ed. Assn., (2007); see supra, at 1 -- 2. But when that is not the
case -- when a law, though based on content, raises no real
concern that the government is censoring disfavored
ideas -- then we have not infrequently "relax[ed] our guard."
Reed, 576 U. S., at 183 (opinion of KAGAN, J.); see Daven-
port, 551 U. S., at 188 (noting the "numerous situations in
which [the] risk" of a content-based law "driv[ing] certain
ideas or viewpoints from the marketplace" is "attenuated"
or "inconsequential, so that strict scrutiny is unwar-
ranted"). Just two Terms ago, for example, the Court de-
clined to apply strict scrutiny to a content-based but view-
point-neutral trademark restriction. See Vidal v. Elster,
(2024); id., at 312 (BARRETT, J., concur-
ring in part); id., at 329 -- 330 (SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in
judgment). In the trademark context, as in some others,
experience and reason alike showed "no significant danger
of idea or viewpoint" bias. R. A. V., 505 U. S., at 388.
4 CHILES v. SALAZAR

KAGAN, J., concurring

The same may well be true of content-based but view-
point-neutral laws regulating speech in doctors' and coun-
selors' offices.* Medical care typically involves speech, so
the regulation of medical care (which is, of course, perva-
sive) may involve speech restrictions. And those re-
strictions will generally refer to the speech's content. Cf.
Reed, 576 U. S., at 177 (Breyer, J., concurring in judgment)
(noting that "[r]egulatory programs" addressing speech "in-
evitably involve content discrimination"). But laws of that
kind may not pose the risk of censorship -- of "official sup-
pression of ideas" -- that appropriately triggers our most
rigorous review. R. A. V., 505 U. S., at 390. And that
means the "difference between viewpoint-based and view-
point-neutral content discrimination" in the health-care
context could prove "decisive." Vidal, 602 U. S., at 330
(opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). Fuller consideration of that
question, though, can wait for another day. We need not
here decide how to assess viewpoint-neutral laws regulat-
ing health providers' expression because, as the Court
holds, Colorado's is not one.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*JUSTICE JACKSON's dissenting opinion claims that this is a small, or
even nonexistent, category. See post, at 21 -- 22,. But even her own
opinion, when listing laws supposedly put at risk today, offers quite a
few examples. See post, at 32 -- 33, and. Her view to the contrary
rests on reimagining -- and in that way collapsing -- the well-settled dis-
tinction between viewpoint-based and other content-based speech re-
strictions. See, e.g., Vidal v. Elster, -- 293 (2024) (ex-
plaining the difference).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 539
_________________

KALEY CHILES, PETITIONER v. PATTY SALAZAR, IN
HER OFFICIAL CAPACITY AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
OF THE COLORADO DEPARTMENT OF
REGULATORY AGENCIES, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT
[March 31, 2026]

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting.
"[T]here is no right to practice medicine which is not sub-
ordinate to the police power of the States." Lambert v. Yel-
lowley, (1926). This was true 100 years
ago, and it should be true today.
Many States have now chosen to exercise their police
powers to ban "conversion therapy" based on the medical
profession's broad consensus that this medical treatment
(which seeks to change a gay or transgender person's sexual
orientation or gender identity) is ineffective and harmful.
This case involves the Colorado Legislature's policy deci-
sion to prohibit licensed medical professionals from offering
or providing conversion therapy to minors in that State.
Petitioner Kaley Chiles is a licensed counselor who works
in the State of Colorado. She does not dispute that conver-
sion therapy can be harmful to minors in certain circum-
stances. Nor does she contest that Colorado has a signifi-
cant interest in protecting minors from harm. Chiles
complains nevertheless that, because the particular form of
conversion therapy she wants to offer clients utilizes only
speech, the First Amendment prevents Colorado from pro-
hibiting that treatment. But "[t]he power of government to
regulate the professions is not lost whenever the practice of
2 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

a profession entails speech." Lowe v. SEC, (1985) (White, J., concurring in result). And "[m]edical
professionals do not, generally speaking, have a right to use
the Constitution as a weapon allowing them rigorously to
control the content of... reasonable conditions" that a
State imposes on licensed healthcare providers for the pro-
tection of its residents. National Institute of Family and
Life Advocates v. Becerra, (2018) (Breyer,
J., dissenting) (NIFLA).
So, I respectfully dissent. Stated simply, the majority has
failed to appreciate the crucial context in which Chiles's
constitutional claims have arisen. Chiles is not speaking in
the ether; she is providing therapy to minors as a licensed
healthcare professional. The Tenth Circuit was correct to
observe that "[t]here is a long-established history of states
regulating the healthcare professions." 116 F. 4th 1178,
1206 (2024). And, until today, the First Amendment has
not blocked their way. For good reason: Under our prece-
dents, bedrock First Amendment principles have far less
salience when the speakers are medical professionals and
their treatment-related speech is being restricted inci-
dentally to the State's regulation of the provision of medical
care.
No one directly disputes that Colorado has the power to
regulate the medical treatments that state-licensed profes-
sionals provide to patients. Nor is it asserted that, when
doing so, a State always runs afoul of the Constitution. So,
in my view, it cannot also be the case that Colorado's deci-
sion to restrict a dangerous therapy modality that, inci-
dentally, involves provider speech is presumptively uncon-
stitutional. In concluding otherwise, the Court's opinion
misreads our precedents, is unprincipled and unworkable,
and will eventually prove untenable for those who rely upon
the long-recognized responsibility of States to regulate the
medical profession for the protection of public health.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

I
To properly evaluate the First Amendment claim at issue
in this case, one must first understand the impetus for Col-
orado's regulation, what that law requires, and the nature
of the speech it implicates.
A
Conversion therapy is designed to "convert" a person's
sexual orientation or gender identity, so that the person
will become heterosexual or cisgender. Generally speaking,
conversion therapy began as an attempt to "cure" gay and
transgender people of their "nonconforming" orientations or
identities. Brief for American Psychological Association
et al. as Amici Curiae 13.
Conversion-therapy efforts have historically included
aversive therapeutic modalities. Those ranged from induc-
ing nausea, vomiting, or paralysis in patients or subjecting
them to severe electric shocks to telling patients to snap an
elastic band on their wrists in response to nonconforming
thoughts. Aversive therapies have now fallen out of fash-
ion; nonaversive treatments -- primarily, talk therapy -- are
currently the predominant form of conversion therapy. All
such therapies seek to encourage patients to change their
behavior in an attempt to "change" their identity.
Over the past few decades, however, the premise of con-
version therapy (in whatever form) has been widely discred-
ited within the medical and scientific community. Conver-
sion therapy is, at bottom, "based on a view of gender
diversity that runs counter to scientific consensus." Sub-
stance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
(SAMHSA) Report, 2 App. 570. That is, contrary to the core
beliefs that undergird conversion therapy, a robust profes-
sional consensus now acknowledges that sexual orienta-
tions and gender identities range widely. And it no longer
regards nonheterosexual orientations or noncisgender iden-
tities as "nonconforming."
4 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Because people's identities are simply "a part of the nor-
mal spectrum of human diversity," id., at 535, the medical
community has determined that efforts to change a pa-
tient's sexual orientation or gender identity will necessarily
be ineffective. The American Psychological Association
(APA), for example, has found "no empirical evidence that
providing any type of therapy in childhood can alter adult
same-sex sexual orientation." APA Report, 1 App. 360. And
"[n]o research has been published in the peer-reviewed lit-
erature that demonstrates the efficacy of conversion ther-
apy efforts with gender minority youth, nor any benefits of
such interventions to children and their families."
SAMHSA Report, 2 App. 569.
Not only is conversion therapy ineffective, former partic-
ipants of conversion therapy report that it causes lasting
psychological harm. Gay and transgender children who un-
derwent nonaversive conversion therapy say they were
taught to feel shame and self-hatred. See Brief for Conver-
sion Therapy Survivor Network et al. as Amici Curiae 11 -- 
14. And survivors of conversion therapy continue to suffer
from PTSD, anxiety, and suicidal ideation. Id., at 19 -- 22.
As one survivor put it, conversion therapy " 'came close to
killing me.' " Id., at 17.1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Consider a specific example: An amicus who received conversion ther-

apy as a child, Mathew Shurka, was told that his sexual orientation was
a disorder either rooted in childhood trauma or stemming from an over-
bearing mother or absent father. Brief for Mathew Shurka as Amicus
Curiae 6. In the course of this therapy, Mathew's therapist said that
being gay was a mental illness that could be cured and that, unless he
was cured, he could never live a happy and fulfilled life. Id., at 3.
Mathew's conversion therapists eventually hypothesized that his mother
was the source of his sexual orientation and instructed him to avoid
speaking with her. Id., at 8. For three years, he had barely any contact
with his mother. Ibid. The years of conversion therapy brought Mathew
nothing but increased isolation from his family, worsening depression,
and suicidal ideation. Id., at 11. Thus, as Mathew's experience illus-
trates, the harm from conversion therapy extends to the patient's family.
See also Brief for Parents of Conversion-Therapy Participants et al. as
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The scientific literature confirms what anecdotal experi-
ences suggest: Conversion therapy has harmed patients,
particularly minors. The APA found that "the reported neg-
ative social and emotional consequences [of conversion
therapy] include self-reports of anger, anxiety, confusion,
depression, grief, guilt, hopelessness, deteriorated relation-
ships with family, loss of social support, loss of faith, poor
self-image, social isolation, intimacy difficulties, intrusive
imagery, suicidal ideation, self-hatred, and sexual dysfunc-
tion." APA Report, 1 App. 253 -- 254. Even for those study
participants who reported positive effects initially, many
described experiencing the negative effects later. Id., at
254. Moreover, studies show that children often feel the ef-
fects of the shame and stigma from conversion therapy even
more vividly than adults due to their "increased emotional
vulnerability and less developed capacity to cope effectively
with the harm of discrimination." Glassgold Decl., 1 App.
53 -- 54, ¶ 50.
Ultimately, scientific evidence supports the conclusion
that the anticipated harms from conversion therapy are
twofold. First, conversion therapy stigmatizes the patient,
telling them that their gender identity or sexual orientation
is something to be fixed, rather than accepted. This rejec-
tion can lead to shame and guilt, which in turn can cause
long-term emotional distress. Second, conversion therapy
sets patients up to fail by giving them an unattainable goal.
Some patients have described that experience of failure "as
a significant cause of emotional and spiritual distress and
negative self-image." Id., at 63, ¶ 66.
B
In 2019, Colorado joined 25 other States in banning the
practice of conversion therapy for minors. Colorado's law -- 
titled the Minor Conversion Therapy Law (MCTL) -- 
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Amici Curiae 9 -- 19 (describing the impact of conversion therapy on
amici's families, including the loss of loved ones to suicide).
6 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

prohibits licensed healthcare professionals from practicing
conversion therapy with children. It defines conversion
therapy as "any practice or treatment" that "attempts or
purports to change an individual's sexual orientation or
gender identity, including efforts to change behaviors or
gender expressions or to eliminate or reduce sexual or ro-
mantic attraction or feelings toward individuals of the same
sex." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(a) (2025).2
Not all therapeutic discussions of sexuality and gender
identity are prohibited by the MCTL. The law allows
"practices or treatments that provide:
"(I) Acceptance, support, and understanding for the
facilitation of an individual's coping, social support,
and identity exploration and development, including
sexual-orientation-neutral interventions to prevent or
address unlawful conduct or unsafe sexual practices, as
long as the counseling does not seek to change sexual
orientation or gender identity; or
"(II) Assistance to a person undergoing gender tran-
sition." -- 245 -- 202(3.5)(b).
The Colorado Legislature made these allowances after
crediting witness testimony and the professional consensus
about conversion therapy -- namely, that it is harmful, and
that the preferred treatment for minors relating to their
sexual orientation and gender identity is affirming care
(i.e., medical care that helps minors focus on acceptance,
support, coping, and identity exploration and development).
Prohibit Conversion Therapy for a Minor: Hearing on H. B.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The MCTL primarily applies to licensed healthcare professionals;

such professionals are already subject to a number of other restrictions
on their professional practice. Most relevant here, under Colorado law,
licensed therapists must provide therapy that is consistent with the
standard of care, defined as "the standards of practice generally recog-
nized by state and national associations of practitioners in the field of
the person's professional discipline." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 245 -- 
224(1)(g)(I).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

19 -- 1129 before the House Committee on Public Health
Care & Hum. Servs., 2019 Leg., 72d Gen. Sess. (Colo., Feb.
13, 2019).
C
Chiles insists that, although she is a counselor licensed
by Colorado, she has a constitutional right to flout Colo-
rado's statute and the standard of care it incorporates if a
client asks her to do so. Never mind that medical profes-
sionals -- including counselors like Chiles -- are generally
bound to follow medical standards and state licensing re-
quirements when they provide medical care to patients.
Chiles wants to offer patients conversion therapy despite
the MCTL and the medical consensus it reflects. So she has
invoked the First Amendment, arguing that, because talk
therapy is speech, no State can impose treatment standards
like the MCTL on licensed talk therapists without first sat-
isfying heightened scrutiny.
As applied to Chiles, the MCTL treats the talk-therapy
form of conversion therapy as a prohibited medical treat-
ment. But Chiles is free to express her opinion about the
efficacy of conversion therapy or her disagreement with
Colorado's conclusion that such therapy is harmful to mi-
nors. Colorado's law does not target or prohibit the expres-
sion of such views by anyone in any form -- including by li-
censed healthcare providers in discussions with patients
and their families. All that Colorado's law proscribes is the
provision of such therapy to minors. This means that, while
Chiles can freely promote conversion therapy and vocifer-
ously decry the State's prohibition, she cannot practice that
therapy without being subject to professional discipline un-
der Colorado law.
II
I begin my analysis with a simple observation: Our First
Amendment jurisprudence does not treat speech as existing
8 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

in a vacuum. Instead, how the First Amendment applies to
a State's power to regulate speech depends upon the context
in which the regulation of speech occurs. See, e.g., Vidal v.
Elster, (2024) (trademark context); Tinker v.
Des Moines Independent Community School Dist., (1969) (school context). We have not mechanically held
that the First Amendment protects all communicative con-
tent; rather, we have evaluated First Amendment claims in
a nuanced way, sensitive to both core principles and the
specific circumstances under which the claim arises. See,
e.g., Virginia Bd. of Pharmacy v. Virginia Citizens Con-
sumer Council, Inc., 762 -- 770 (1976)
(considering First Amendment principles in the commercial
speech context).
In my view, then, it matters for First Amendment pur-
poses that the MCTL restricts treatment-related speech ut-
tered by medical professionals only as part of a larger reg-
ulatory scheme aimed at ensuring that providers tender
high-quality medical care to patients.
In Part II -- A, I explain that this way of conceptualizing
the question before us is not novel -- we have long under-
stood that States have the power to regulate medical pro-
fessionals. And our precedents demonstrate that, when a
healthcare provider's speech is incidentally restricted as
part of a state-law scheme regulating the provision of med-
ical treatments, the heightened scrutiny we reflexively ap-
ply in other situations is not warranted. In Part II -- B, I
show that First Amendment principles are not offended
when lesser scrutiny is applied to a state law regulating
medical treatments in a manner that incidentally restricts
a provider's professional medical speech.
A
1
A case that we decided in 2018 -- NIFLA -- shows us the
way to determine the appropriate level of constitutional
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

scrutiny here.. In that case, we began by
explaining that "[s]peech is not unprotected merely because
it is uttered by 'professionals.' " Id., at 767; see also ante, at
10 -- 11, 14. But, critically, we also acknowledged that the
Court has afforded less protection for professional speech in
two circumstances -- one of which occurs when a State "reg-
ulate[s] professional conduct, even though that conduct in-
cidentally involves speech." NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 768; see
ante, at 11. This acknowledgement was grounded in an al-
ready well-established principle: "[T]he First Amendment
does not prevent restrictions directed at... conduct from
imposing incidental burdens on speech." Sorrell v. IMS
Health Inc., (2011).
To further explain the contours of this presumptively per-
missible speech restriction, NIFLA cited Planned
Parenthood of Southeastern Pa. v. Casey, 
(1992). In Casey, the Court assessed "an asserted First
Amendment right of a physician not to provide information
about the risks of abortion, and childbirth, in a manner
mandated by the State." Id., at 884 (joint opinion of O'Con-
nor, Kennedy, and Souter, JJ.). More specifically, Casey in-
volved a challenge to a Pennsylvania law requiring that "a
doctor give a woman certain information as part of obtain-
ing her consent to an abortion." Ibid.3 We held that Penn-
sylvania's informed-consent mandate did not violate the
First Amendment. "To be sure, the physician's First
Amendment rights not to speak [were] implicated" by Penn-
sylvania's law. Ibid. But we emphasized that those rights
were implicated "only as part of the practice of medicine,
subject to reasonable licensing and regulation by the State."
Ibid.. Thus, there was "no constitutional
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The First Amendment challenge to Pennsylvania's law in Casey was

effectively the flipside of the one Chiles brings here: While the doctors in
Casey complained that Pennsylvania was forcing them to speak when
they did not want to, Chiles asserts that Colorado is preventing her from
saying what she wants to say.
10 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

infirmity in the requirement that the physician provide the
information mandated by the State." Ibid.
In NIFLA, we reaffirmed the principle from Casey that
the First Amendment inquiry requires consideration of
whether the regulated speech was made during the provi-
sion of medical care. NIFLA involved a challenge to a Cal-
ifornia law that required certain crisis pregnancy centers to
post notices in their waiting rooms informing low-income
patients that California paid for qualifying abortions. 585
U. S., at 762 -- 763. We asked whether, on the one hand, this
law was regulating the clinics' speech qua speech, or
whether, on the other, the notice requirement was actually
regulating the clinics' professional conduct and only inci-
dentally restricting speech. If the latter, the NIFLA Court
explained, California's notice requirement would fit into the
category of cases that Casey illustrated; namely, those in
which "this Court has upheld regulations of professional
conduct that incidentally burden speech." 585 U. S., at 769.
Relying in part on Casey's analytical framework, the
NIFLA Court held that California's law regulated "speech
as speech." 585 U. S., at 770. We explained this conclusion
by contrasting the Pennsylvania regulation at issue in Ca-
sey: While the notice requirement in Casey restricted doc-
tors' speech, it did so "only 'as part of the practice of medi-
cine.' " 585 U. S., at 770. The notice requirement at issue
in NIFLA, by contrast, was "not an informed-consent re-
quirement or any other regulation of professional conduct."
Ibid. "In fact," California's notice was "not tied to a proce-
dure at all. It applie[d] to all interactions between a covered
facility and its clients, regardless of whether a medical pro-
cedure [was] ever sought, offered, or performed." Ibid. (em-
phasis added). So, we reasoned, unlike Pennsylvania's in-
formed-consent requirement in Casey, California's notice
mandate warranted heightened scrutiny because it "regu-
late[d] speech as speech." 585 U. S., at 770.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The takeaway from NIFLA is that Casey applied a lower
level of scrutiny because the law in Casey restricted speech
uttered in the course of -- and as a part of -- providing pro-
fessional medical care. By contrast, the notice requirement
in NIFLA was not "tied to a procedure at all" and was there-
fore meaningfully different: That law restricted "speech as
speech." 585 U. S., at 770. Thus, the key distinction, as the
NIFLA Court saw it, was whether the challenged law was
a regulation of speech as such or a regulation of "profes-
sional conduct that incidentally burden[ed] speech." Id., at
769.
2
Given all this, one might think today's majority would
make more of an effort to explain why the MCTL does not
likewise qualify as a regulation of "professional conduct
that incidentally burden[s] speech." Ibid.; see ante, at 14 -- 
17. Such an inquiry would entail evaluating whether the
MCTL's restriction on Chiles's therapy only "incidentally"
restricts Chiles's speech by virtue of the fact that the medi-
cal care she provides is delivered orally. It would also re-
quire acknowledging that the MCTL's restriction on Chiles
is plainly "tied to [the provision of] a [medical] procedure,"
NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 770 -- one that, but for Colorado's law,
a licensed counselor like Chiles might offer to minors.
In my view, it is obvious that the MCTL is regulating pro-
fessional conduct insofar as it prohibits providing a partic-
ular therapy; the aim of the statute is not suppressing
speech. Indeed, Chiles's claim that her (otherwise pro-
tected) speech is being swept up by Colorado's (otherwise
valid) treatment prohibition proves that very point. This
set of circumstances seems to fit NIFLA's idea of permissi-
ble state "regulation of professional conduct" that "inci-
dentally burdens speech" to a "T."
Yet, the majority strangely suggests otherwise with the
opinion it hands down today. Ante, at 14 -- 17. The majority
12 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

does this primarily by eschewing serious engagement with
the interaction between NIFLA and Casey. Its workaround
seems to be: The First Amendment applies full bore here
because Chiles's speech is being impacted; after all, she is a
talk therapy provider. Ante, at 12 -- 17. But when NIFLA's
teachings are properly understood, this comeback is no an-
swer. Yes, Chiles happens to be talking when she's provid-
ing therapy to patients, but the MCTL regulates the provi-
sion of medical treatments by licensed medical
professionals, which States are fully empowered to do. That
Chiles's kind of medical care involves talk therapy is, in
NIFLA's words, merely "incidenta[l]." 585 U. S., at 769.
I am the first to admit that, as applied to talk therapists
like Chiles, the MCTL restricts speech -- I do not argue that
this law really just limits Chiles's professional conduct. See
ante, at 12 -- 13, 16 (characterizing Colorado's argument).
Similarly, I do not maintain that, because this law primar-
ily regulates talk-therapists' professional conduct, it should
not be conceived of as a speech restriction. See ante, at 16.
I agree with the majority that, in cases like Cohen v. Cali-
fornia, (1971), we firmly rejected a State's at-
tempt to suppress free speech by calling the restricted ex-
pression "conduct." Ante, at 16. But, here, the observation
that the MCTL indeed restricts Chiles's "speech" (not refor-
mulated as conduct) just raises the question that this case
presents: Whether the MCTL is restricting Chiles's speech
"incidentally" to its regulation of medical professionals'
treatment-related conduct, such that the law warrants less
scrutiny under the First Amendment than a law that re-
stricts her speech "as speech." NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 769 -- 
770.
The majority's failure to acknowledge that this is the ac-
tual issue here -- not just whether Chiles's "speech" or "con-
duct" is being restricted, but what the State is doing -- ig-
nores what has always been true under our precedents.
The real lesson of NIFLA's discussion of Casey is this: When
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

a healthcare professional's speech is not being targeted "as
speech" (because it conveys an idea) but is instead "inci-
dentally" restricted due to a State's otherwise legitimate
regulation of the medical treatments being offered to pa-
tients, heightened scrutiny is not warranted. 585 U. S., at
769 -- 770; Casey, 505 U. S., at 884 (joint opinion of O'Connor,
Kennedy, and Souter, JJ.).
3
NIFLA's focus on a State's regulation of medical treat-
ments also undermines the position the United States has
taken on today's First Amendment question. The United
States, joining this case as amicus curiae, insists, in es-
sence, that when the NIFLA Court acknowledged that
States can regulate professional conduct while "inci-
dentally" restricting speech, it was blessing only two cir-
cumstances: (1) where the speech that is being restricted is
inextricably tied to an act of the speaker (so, speech-only
therapists are never included), or (2) where speech is being
regulated in a manner entirely unrelated to its content.
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 17 -- 21; see ante,
at 11, 15 -- 16. But, under NIFLA's reasoning, that cannot
be so -- at least not logically.
With respect to the first category, the United States mis-
takenly swaps "integral" (i.e., whether the restricted speech
is bound up with the regulated conduct) for "incidental" -- 
but these are two completely different concepts.4 Given
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Under the reading the United States advocates, the line between per-

missible and impermissible state regulation seems to turn on the rela-
tionship between the restricted speech and a physical act of the speaker.
See Tr. of Oral Arg. 35 -- 36. So, the argument goes, the First Amendment
allows state regulation if the speech restriction is "incidental" to a phys-
ical act of the healthcare provider, but prohibits it if there is no physical
act for the speech to be "incidental" to because the provider treats pa-
tients solely with speech. See id., at 35 ("[T]his Court hasn't drawn a
particularly clear line about when speech is close enough to conduct to
be viewed as incidental, but, here, again, this is an easy case because
14 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

NIFLA's focus on the "incidental" nature of the challenged
speech restriction, the State's objective is the actual ful-
crum: We ask whether, on the one hand, the State's law is
restricting the provider's speech "incidentally" (meaning in
the course of the State's pursuit of its primary objective of
regulating the provision of medical care), or whether, on the
other, the State's law is restricting her speech "as speech"
(primarily to suppress its message or expressive content).
585 U. S., at 769 -- 770. The appropriate scrutiny level logi-
cally follows: Incidentally restricting speech needs less
scrutiny because we view the State as generally regulating
the provision of medical care, while restricting "speech as
speech" receives heightened scrutiny because the State is
aiming at professional speech qua speech.
The second "speech incident to conduct" category the
United States advances -- whether the restriction on speech
is unrelated to its content -- is also fatally flawed. It ignores
what NIFLA plainly recognizes: that States can regulate
the medical treatments healthcare professionals provide to
patients without running afoul of the First Amendment,
even if the regulation applies to and restricts speech based
on its content. 585 U. S., at 769 -- 770. In other words, what
mattered to NIFLA's analysis was not that the regulation
was content-based, but instead that the speech was being
restricted incidentally.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
there is no conduct"); id., at 33 (emphasizing that, because Chiles is a
talk therapist, "[t]here's no separate non-speech conduct being regulated
here"); see also Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 24, 26 (noting
that "regulations of the mental-health profession are less likely to qualify
as 'incidental' burdens on speech... because much mental-health treat-
ment is conducted using only speech"). This logic rests upon the integral
nature of the speech to the conduct that is being regulated. But that is
different from -- and says nothing about -- whether the speech is being
regulated "incidentally," which is the line that NIFLA draws. See Na-
tional Institute of Family and Life Advocates v. Becerra, -- 770 (2018).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

So it is here. Talk therapy is a medical treatment. 116
F. 4th, at 1206, 1208 -- 1210. So, why wouldn't such speech-
based medical treatments be subject to reasonable state
regulation like any other kind of medical care? The United
States and the majority just insist that a law that under-
takes to regulate speech-based medical treatments is pre-
sumptively unconstitutional because the treatment is being
administered solely through speech. But that reasoning is
maddeningly circular, and it is based on happenstance, not
logic. Even more important, it is not the rationale upon
which NIFLA's analysis relies. To the contrary, with its de-
scription of Casey, NIFLA recognizes precisely the oppo-
site -- a State can regulate professionals' treatment-related
conduct even if doing so impacts treatment-related speech.
Again, what distinguished NIFLA from Casey was the
fact that Pennsylvania's speech-related mandate was
aimed at regulating the provision of medical treatments to
patients; the fact that the particular medical treatment at
issue in Casey involved a physical (instead of a verbal) act
was of no moment. NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 769 -- 770. The
reading of NIFLA the United States favors -- which the ma-
jority appears to endorse in part, see ante, at 16 -- 17 -- is ir-
rational because, for purposes the State's regulation of
harmful professional conduct, treatments administered
through words versus treatments administered through
acts are not meaningfully different.5

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The majority appears to adopt a theory of the "speech incident to con-

duct" doctrine that is analytically similar to, but ultimately narrower
than, the recitation adopted by the United States. Ante, at 16 -- 17. But,
just like the United States, the majority fails to account for NIFLA's con-
ceptualization of the doctrine as turning on the State's objectives. In-
deed, the majority's analysis offers no cohesive narrative to explain ei-
ther why this exception to heightened scrutiny exists or how -- like all
exceptions -- it operates to consistently effect a balance of the public's in-
terests (here, free speech and the personal safety that medical standards
secure).
16 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

By contrast, NIFLA's actual line marks a real, constitu-
tionally relevant distinction: Restrictions of speech that oc-
cur when a State undertakes to regulate the treatments
that professionals provide to patients are merely "inci-
dental"; they are materially different from speech re-
strictions that are not "tied to a [medical] procedure at all."
585 U. S., at 769 -- 770; cf. Black's Law Dictionary 686 (5th
ed. 1979) (defining "incidental" as "[d]epending upon or ap-
pertaining to something else as primary," such as "some-
thing incidental to the main purpose"). The latter warrants
strict scrutiny since the State is regulating "speech as
speech," while in the former case -- where the State is
merely restricting speech due to its regulation of medical
treatments -- heightened scrutiny is not needed. 585 U. S.,
at 770.
The "speech incident to conduct" doctrine thus ably bal-
ances the interests at stake by accommodating a State's tra-
ditional police power to regulate the practice of medicine for
the protection of its residents while also ensuring that
speech is not being targeted. As we explained in NIFLA,
that doctrine recognizes that the treatments provided by li-
censed medical professionals can be prohibited even if, by
doing so, the State incidentally restricts those providers'
speech. Id., at 769 -- 770. This is constitutionally permissi-
ble precisely because the restricted speech is not being reg-
ulated "as speech" -- i.e., based on or due to its message or
expressive content. Rather, the speech restriction is a mere
byproduct of the State's healthcare regulation.
So, at the end of the day, I think what we have here is
what Casey involved and NIFLA did not: a State restricting
a medical provider's speech only as part of its regulation of
the provision of medical treatments to individual patients.
See NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 769 -- 770; Casey, 505 U. S., at 884
(joint opinion of O'Connor, Kennedy, and Souter, JJ.). And
it is precisely because the MCTL is restricting Chiles's
speech "only as part of [her] practice of medicine" that the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

First Amendment is not particularly bothered despite the
impact on her speech. Casey, 505 U. S., at 884 (same). Ac-
cordingly, talk therapists like Chiles -- just like any other
healthcare provider seeking to treat patients -- can pre-
sumptively be "subject[ed] to reasonable licensing and reg-
ulation by the State." Ibid.
B
The conclusion that a State can regulate the provision of
medical care even if, in so doing, it incidentally restricts the
speech of some providers, fully comports with the First
Amendment's animating principles. These principles in-
clude the well-settled notion that context matters when
evaluating First Amendment challenges to state regula-
tion. See Virginia Bd. of Pharmacy, 425 U. S., at 762 -- 768
(analyzing the First Amendment protections due speech in
the commercial context); cf. Central Hudson Gas & Elec.
Corp. v. Public Serv. Comm'n of N. Y., (1980) (explaining how the context and characteristics
of commercial speech justify less scrutiny).
The context that frames today's debate is the kind of
speech that is at issue here -- what I am calling (as short-
hand) "professional medical speech." This is the only type
of speech the MCTL restricts.
1
Properly defined, "professional medical speech" is a nar-
row category. It is not all speech "uttered by 'profession-
als.' " NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 767. Rather, it is speech by
healthcare professionals made as part of their provision of
medical care to patients. To be even more specific, profes-
sional medical speech occurs when a medical professional
speaks to a client (1) in the context of the professional-pa-
tient relationship; (2) on matters within the provider's pro-
fessional expertise as defined by the medical community;
(3) for the purpose of providing medical care. See C. Haupt,
18 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Professional Speech, 125 Yale L. J. 1238, 1247 -- 1248 (2016);
R. Post, Informed Consent to Abortion: A First Amendment
Analysis of Compelled Physician Speech, 2007 U. Ill.
L. Rev. 939, 947; D. Halberstam, Commercial Speech, Pro-
fessional Speech, and the Constitutional Status of Social In-
stitutions, 147 U. Pa. L. Rev. 771, 834 (1999).
First, professional medical speech is speech uttered
within the bounds of the professional-patient relationship.
See, e.g., Haupt, 125 Yale L. J., at 1254 -- 1255. That rela-
tionship imposes certain duties and restrictions on the med-
ical professional. For example, medical providers are bound
by the twin duties of beneficence (the obligation to act for
the benefit of the patient) and nonmaleficence (the obliga-
tion not to harm the patient). B. Varkey, Principles of Clin-
ical Ethics and Their Application to Practice, 2020 Med.
Principles and Prac. 17, 18.6
Second, professional medical speech is speech within the
healthcare provider's area of expertise as a member of the
medical community. Haupt, 125 Yale L. J., at 1248 -- 1251.
Within the professional-patient relationship, the profes-
sional has knowledge that the patient does not have, includ-
ing knowledge of which medical treatments are appropriate
and how to administer them. The patient comes to the pro-
vider to access that expertise, which is informed by -- and
constrained by -- what the medical community knows. See
id., at 1243.
Finally, and most importantly, professional medical
speech is made for the purpose of providing the patient with

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 This means, of course, that a provider is not employing professional

medical speech when speaking outside of the professional-patient rela-
tionship. The provider who gives a speech touting the benefits of conver-
sion therapy, or writes a paper criticizing those who do not practice con-
version therapy, or even expresses to a patient her general (non-
treatment-related) views about conversion therapy does not have the du-
ties that arise in the context of the professional-patient relationship and,
accordingly, is not engaging in professional medical speech.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

JACKSON, J., dissenting

medical care. See id., at 1255. This speech is a tool em-
ployed to treat patients. In this sense, professional medical
speech facilitates the professional's goal of providing the pa-
tient with the treatment, procedure, or healthcare that is
within her expertise and that forms the basis of the profes-
sional-patient relationship.
2
Keeping in mind these characteristics of professional
medical speech, consider the First Amendment principles
that serve as guideposts for determining the level of scru-
tiny that a government restriction of such speech deserves.
First, and most fundamentally, is preservation of the
marketplace of ideas. See Abrams v. United States, (1919) (Holmes, J., dissenting); Meyer v.
Grant, (1988). Indeed, the "whole project
of the First Amendment" stemmed from the Founders' de-
sire to protect the "critically important" goal of having "a
well-functioning sphere of expression, in which citizens
have access to information from many sources." Moody v.
NetChoice, LLC, (2024). Within the mar-
ketplace of ideas, speech that is expressive of the speaker's
thoughts and views is, generally speaking, highly valued.
See Leathers v. Medlock, (1991); Ashcroft
v. American Civil Liberties Union, -- 574
(2002).
But professional medical speech does not intersect with
the marketplace of ideas: "[I]n the context of medical prac-
tice we insist upon competence, not debate." Post, 2007 U.
Ill. L. Rev., at 950. The degree to which medical providers
speaking within the boundaries of providing patient care
can express themselves is limited because their interactions
with patients are constrained by their well-established du-
ties to those patients and the requirement that they meet
the standard of care. Moreover, given these limits, profes-
sional medical speech does not necessarily involve the
20 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

expression of ideas or messages, so it does not provide sig-
nificant value to the general marketplace. See Dun &
Bradstreet, Inc. v. Greenmoss Builders, Inc., -- 759 (1985) (plurality opinion).
That's not to say that there isn't a robust marketplace of
ideas within the medical community. Medical professionals
contribute to that particular marketplace by writing pa-
pers, giving speeches, and pushing the bounds of the com-
munity's knowledge through experimentation. And, in-
deed, the standard of care for a medical treatment can be
greatly influenced and changed by virtue of such speech. It
is there that truth competes for "accept[ance] in the...
market." Abrams, 250 U. S., at 630 (Holmes, J., dissent-
ing). But that marketplace exists outside the confines of the
professional-patient relationship. See Haupt, 125 Yale
L. J., at 1243 -- 1244 (discussing the epistemic marketplace
among medical professionals).
Within the confines of the professional-patient relation-
ship, treatment-related "truths" are a given -- they are set
by licensing and malpractice standards, and it is not un-
common that such regulation incidentally restricts provider
speech. Moreover, regulation of the practice of medicine is
pervasively and unavoidably viewpoint based. The majority
and the concurrence both resist this: They relentlessly de-
ride Colorado for engaging in "viewpoint discrimination" by
banning conversion therapy but permitting affirming care.
Ante, at 13 -- 14 (majority opinion); ante, at 1 -- 2 (KAGAN, J.,
concurring). But context makes that point ring hollow.
When a State establishes a standard of care, or punishes
a doctor for providing care outside of that standard, it nec-
essarily limits what medical professionals can say and do
on the basis of viewpoint. A State can permissibly "pro-
hibi[t] the administration of specific drugs for particular
medical uses" but not for others. United States v. Skrmetti,
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

JACKSON, J., dissenting

(2025).7 So, too, may it prohibit a doctor
from encouraging a patient to commit suicide, see Tr. of
Oral Arg. 43 -- 45, or a dietician from telling an anorexic pa-
tient to eat less, see id., at 22 -- 23. Likewise, no one would
bat an eye if a State required its doctors to discourage, but
not encourage, smoking tobacco.
Even though these kinds of regulations are inherently
viewpoint based, in the context of medical care, a State can
certainly require the medical professionals it licenses to
stand on one side of an issue. See Collins v. Texas, -- 298 (1912) (recognizing the "right of the State to
adopt a policy even upon medical matters concerning which
there is difference of opinion and dispute"). Though these
proscriptions certainly promote a viewpoint, in this context,
that alone does not suffice to establish a presumptive First
Amendment violation. Instead, under the "speech incident
to conduct" doctrine, the challenged laws must also operate
as speech-suppression tools, designed to vanquish free ex-
pression.
But, here, Colorado's clear aim is enforcement of a stand-
ard of care that is indisputably applicable to the State's li-
censed healthcare professionals. Taking a position as to
how those providers should handle a medical issue is the
very essence of standard-setting -- once again, this kind of
viewpoint-based regulation ensures "competence, not de-
bate." Post, 2007 U. Ill. L. Rev., at 950. My colleagues' con-
trary conclusions are puzzling, for a standards-based
healthcare scheme cannot function unless its regulators are
permitted to choose sides.8
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Of course, when the State discriminates "on the basis of sex and

transgender status" with respect to the administration of specific drugs,
that discrimination implicates the Equal Protection Clause and requires
heightened scrutiny for purposes of the Fourteenth Amendment. See
Skrmetti, 605 U. S., at 579 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting).
8 Faulting Colorado for legislating based on its view that conversion

therapy is harmful for minors and that affirming care is the better
22 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

A second and corollary First Amendment principle is the
listener's interest in receiving information. See Murthy v.
Missouri, (2024); accord, Kleindienst v.
Mandel, (1972). In the professional med-
ical context, however, informational asymmetry shapes the
listener's interest. To be sure, "[r]espect for patients' au-
tonomy is a cornerstone of medical ethics." American Med-
ical Association Code of Medical Ethics, Opinion 11.2.4:
Transparency in Health Care (2026). But that interest is
not served by receiving all existing opinions -- only infor-
mation about treatments that are within the standard of
care advances patients' interests. Ibid. ("[P]hysicians have
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
treatment, the concurrence purports to save "for another day" the ques-
tion whether "content-based but viewpoint-neutral laws regulating
speech in doctors' and counselors' offices" comport with the First Amend-
ment. Ante, at 4 (opinion of KAGAN, J.). But that magnanimity is a mi-
rage. Standards-based regulations exist in the medical context precisely
because the State has a view about safety or efficacy; regulation is a
State's police-power prerogative to promote those views (as the standard
of care) while simultaneously rejecting all others.
The laws I reference in Part IV, infra, are not examples of content-
based, viewpoint-neutral laws, as the concurrence maintains. Contra,
ante, at 4, n.*. Rather, when properly analyzed, those laws are either
facially viewpoint based -- see, e.g., the requirement that the medical pro-
fessional must not provide care "in a cruel manner," Kan. Admin. Regs.
102 -- 3 -- 12a(b)(11) (2022) -- or unavoidably viewpoint based in applica-
tion. Consider, for example, a therapist disciplined for failing to provide
care that promotes the "best interests" of her client. See Ga. Comp. Rules
& Regs., Rule 135 -- 7 -- .01(1) (2026). Punishment for a violation of that
standard requires the State to impose its view of what a therapist should
have said or done, and would necessarily "reflect the [State's] disap-
proval" of the speech the therapist actually employed. See Matal v. Tam,
(2017) (Kennedy, J., concurring in part and concurring
in judgment). But, of course, imposing the State's view of what is appro-
priate is the entire point of standards-based regulation. The First
Amendment allows this because the State is regulating professional con-
duct and this professional's speech is only being incidentally restricted;
the analysis does not turn on whether the State's regulation is viewpoint
neutral. Neutrality is not -- and cannot be -- the touchstone of the laws
that govern the quality of care that professionals provide to patients.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

JACKSON, J., dissenting

an obligation to inform patients about all appropriate treat-
ment options" ). Patients are not in a po-
sition to wade through medical discourse and inde-
pendently evaluate the best treatment for their
circumstances. Their interests as listeners are thus limited
by the nature and purpose of the professional-patient rela-
tionship.
Third, and finally, the First Amendment protects a
speaker's autonomy. " '[T]he fundamental rule of protection
under the First Amendment [is] that a speaker has the au-
tonomy to choose the content of his own message.' "
Rumsfeld v. Forum for Academic and Institutional Rights,
Inc., -- 64 (2006) ). But, here again, with respect to
professional medical speech, healthcare providers do not
have autonomy; when it comes to providing treatments for
their patients, they are bound by the standard of care and
are not generally free to "choose the content" of their mes-
sage. See Haupt, 125 Yale L. J., at 1272; Halberstam, 147
U. Pa. L. Rev., at 867. Put differently, although medical
professionals do have an autonomy interest in communi-
cating their ideas to the patients they are treating, that in-
terest only extends to treatment-related advice and infor-
mation that is consistent with the standard of care.
In my view, the majority is mistaken to equate treat-
ment-related speech rendered in the context of providing
medical care with any spoken words uttered by any other
speaker. See, e.g., ante, at 11 ("While the First Amendment
protects many and varied forms of expression, the spoken
word is perhaps the quintessential form of protected
speech. And that is exactly the kind of expression in which
Ms. Chiles seeks to engage"). The majority is also wrong to
insist that it is antithetical to the First Amendment for a
State to incidentally restrict a healthcare provider's treat-
ment-related speech based on a "prevailing 'standard of
24 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

care' " because "[m]edical consensus... is not static; it
evolves and always has." Ante, at 22. The mutability of
medical standards tells us little about the First Amend-
ment's scope in a country where medical standards are en-
forceable by law and govern the treatment-related conduct
of professional healthcare providers.
Like it or not, treatment standards exist in America. And
those standards necessarily reflect the expert medical com-
munity's current beliefs about the safety and efficacy of var-
ious medical treatments, whatever those beliefs might be.
Medical standards are driven by science (objective facts and
data), but, naturally, they are not viewpoint neutral. Con-
sequently, the people win -- not lose -- when a State incorpo-
rates medical profession's viewpoint into laws that require
licensed treatment providers to conform to prevailing
standards of care. Contra, ante, at 22 (suggesting other-
wise). For this reason, the Court has long recognized a
State's power to regulate to protect its residents even in the
face of uncertainty. Cf. Gonzales v. Carhart, (2007) (collecting cases and noting the "wide discretion"
afforded state legislatures to "pass legislation in areas
where there is medical and scientific uncertainty").9

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The majority laments that, because medical consensus is "not static,"

a law like the MCTL might operate to "silenc[e]" professional speech go-
ing forward even if medical consensus swings the other way. Ante, at 22.
Illustrating this problem, the majority points to shameful parts of this
country's past to show the dangers that can come from regulation that
relies on outdated medical practices. Ibid. ). But the majority does not mention that, if the
standard of care does change, the state legislature has the power to
change the law in response to that evidence. The majority's point seems
to be that States should not be permitted to enact (rigid) laws based on
current scientific thought because expert opinions might shift over time.
But those uncertainties -- which have always existed -- are no reason to
abandon medical standards or to alter how the law has traditionally ac-
commodated scientific discoveries. The potential that medical consensus
may change in the future does not mean that the Constitution prevents
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 25

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Put differently, States impose treatment standards incor-
porating the current consensus of medical experts to protect
state residents from harm. And they do this to ensure that
professionals provide patients with high-quality care. A
State that, alternatively, pursues an agenda of purposefully
silencing critics, muzzling opponents, or targeting views it
considers threatening would, of course, violate the First
Amendment. But it behooves us all (and especially courts)
to see and know the difference.
Ultimately, then, no traditional First Amendment princi-
ple justifies preventing a State from regulating medical
care simply and solely because its law happens to restrict
treatment-related speech. And in this case, there is zero
evidence that Colorado has engaged in the corrosive and il-
licit suppression of ideas that the First Amendment val-
iantly repels. The record here does not show that Chiles is
being "target[ed]" or "muzzle[d]" or "silenced" or "cen-
sor[ed]," as the majority suggests. Ante, at 14, 15, 22, 23.
Instead, as a healthcare provider licensed by the State of
Colorado, she is simply being held to the same standard of
care that all other licensed medical professionals in that
State must follow.10 The MCTL's conversion-therapy ban
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
a State from acting today to protect its residents from what medical ex-
perts currently believe is a harmful medical treatment.
10 Under my analysis, evidence of speech targeting or suppression

could include the fact that the challenged state regulation does not, in
fact, reflect current medical consensus. See ante, at 22 (noting the mu-
tability of the medical consensus). If a State enacts a treatment prohibi-
tion that substantially diverges from the medical community's present
beliefs, the law might well be a pretext for illicit speech-targeting objec-
tives. Far from requiring "reflexive deference," ibid., proof of such moti-
vation would be unearthed, and carefully examined, as part and parcel
of a court's proper "speech incident to conduct" inquiry, since the doctrine
is only applicable to reasonable State regulations. See Planned
Parenthood of Southeastern Pa. v. Casey, (1992) (joint
opinion of O'Connor, Kennedy, and Souter, JJ.) (noting that medical pro-
fessionals are "subject to reasonable licensing and regulation by the
State"); NIFLA, 585 U. S., at 785 (Breyer, J., dissenting) (stating that
26 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

only incidentally restricts professional medical speech as a
result of Colorado's regulation of a harmful medical treat-
ment; nothing compels the conclusion that a state regula-
tion that operates to restrict this kind of communication in
this way is targeting speech qua speech.
III
The centuries-long tradition of States using their police
powers to establish and enforce the standards of care that
bind medical professionals -- including those who use
speech to administer treatments -- is another indication
that heightened scrutiny does not and need not apply here.
The majority's opinion largely omits this broader historical
record. But, when consulted, that history demonstrates un-
equivocally that the MCTL is neither unusual nor inher-
ently suspect.
States have always had "broad power to establish stand-
ards for licensing practitioners and regulating the practice
of professions." Goldfarb v. Virginia State Bar, (1975). With respect to the medical profession in
particular, States have used that power to control how med-
icine is practiced "from time immemorial." Dent v. West Vir-
ginia, (1889).
States have historically regulated the medical profession
in two complementary ways: licensing schemes and medi-
cal-malpractice liability. Both necessarily encompass re-
strictions on professional medical speech through the regu-
lation of the provision of medical care.
Medical licensing began as early as 1639, before this
country was founded. R. Horowitz, In the Public Interest:
Medical Licensing and the Disciplinary Process 39 (2013).
Many States deregulated in the mid-1800s by abolishing
their licensing schemes. Id., at 40. But regulation through
licensing was not abandoned for long: By the turn of the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
the First Amendment yields to "reasonable conditions" that States im-
pose on medical providers).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 27

JACKSON, J., dissenting

20th century, 12 States had adopted licensing laws. D.
Johnson & H. Chaudhry, Medical Licensing and Discipline
in America: A History of the Federation of State Medical
Boards 23 (2012). We held that such laws were a permissi-
ble exercise of a State's traditional police powers, declaring
that "[t]he power of the state to provide for the general wel-
fare of its people authorizes it to prescribe all such regula-
tions as, in its judgment, will secure or tend to secure them
against the consequences of ignorance and incapacity as
well as of deception and fraud." Dent, 129 U. S., at 122; see
also Watson v. Maryland, (1910) (reject-
ing challenge to medical-licensing law).
Today, every State has a medical-licensing scheme. See
App. to Brief for Health Law Scholars as Amici Curiae. In
practice, medical licensing serves two functions, both essen-
tial to patient safety. First, as the majority emphasizes, li-
censing sets limits on who may practice medicine. See P.
Larkin, M. Fishpaw, & L. McCarthy, Telemedicine and Oc-
cupational Licensing, 73 Admin. L. Rev. 747, 774 (2021);
ante, at 20. But the second function is more important for
this case: State licensing laws also regulate how those pro-
fessionals may practice, by requiring them to adhere to a
standard of care. See Brief for Respondents 27; see also
App. to id., at 1a -- 8a (listing state laws that require medical
and mental health professionals to be licensed and to com-
ply with professional standards).
While licensing regulates medical professionals ex ante,
medical-malpractice lawsuits enforce those standards
ex post. And just like medical licensing, the tort of medical
malpractice has a long pedigree.
English common law held doctors liable for harm caused
by their negligent medical treatment. 3 W. Blackstone,
Commentaries on the Laws of England *122 (W. Lewis ed.
1922) (1768). The English tradition carried forward; this
legal claim has been available in our country since the
founding. See K. De Ville, Medical Malpractice in
28 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Nineteenth-Century America: Origins and Legacy 3, 5
(1990) (De Ville). In the mid-1800s, the number of malprac-
tice cases skyrocketed, filling the void left by the States'
temporary deregulation of medical licensing. See id., at 25 -- 
34; see also id., at 115 -- 137; Graham v. Gautier, 21 Tex. 111,
117 -- 118 (1858) (observing that the lack of a licensing
scheme demanded enforcement of a corresponding stand-
ard of care).
Historically, the medical-malpractice tort generally re-
quired the plaintiff to prove three things: (1) that there was
a professional-patient relationship, (2) that the medical
professional had caused him harm, and (3) that the pro-
vider had departed from a standard of care. De Ville 46 -- 
50. The majority focuses on the requirement to show harm.
Ante, at 21. But the entire point of the third element was
to reinforce the standards that govern medical practition-
ers. For that reason, the harmed plaintiff was required to
establish that the accused physician had not practiced with
"ordinary care, diligence, and skill." See De Ville 49 (em-
phasis deleted).
State enforcement of the standard of care -- i.e., "the care,
skill, and knowledge regarded as competent among similar
medical providers in the same or similar circumstances,"
Restatement (Third) of Torts: Medical Malpractice (Tent.
Draft No. 2, Mar. 2024) -- has continued over time and still
serves as the touchstone for both licensing schemes and
medical-malpractice lawsuits. Brief for Respondents 25 -- 
26, and App. to id., at 1a -- 8a. That is, States have consist-
ently regulated medical professionals' conduct to ensure
that modern healthcare practices conform to the standard
of care through both medical-malpractice law and profes-
sional licensing.
Note, too, that such state regulation has not been limited
to medical procedures: Physicians have historically been
held liable for what they said when administering those
procedures as well. See Graham, 21 Tex., at 119 -- 120
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 29

JACKSON, J., dissenting

(imposing liability for medical advice); Edwards v. Lamb,
69 N. H. 599, 45 A. 480 (1899); Skillings v. Allen, 143 Minn.
323, 173 N. W. 663 (1919). Moreover, in the past, States
have -- as part of their licensing regulations -- defined the
"practice of medicine" to cover practitioner speech. See, e.g.,
Smith v. People, 51 Colo. 270, 272, 117 P. 612, 613 (1911)
(noting that the "practice of medicine" as regulated by Col-
orado's licensing law included "suggestion[s or] recommen-
dation[s]... of treatment").
In short, States have regulated professional conduct re-
lated to the provision of all kinds of medical care -- and inci-
dentally restricted speech -- without constitutional affront
for eons. Though the majority averts its gaze, even a cur-
sory glance at the broader historical record is illuminating,
for it reveals that States have traditionally played a signif-
icant role in setting the standards that govern the medical
profession. See Washington v. Glucksberg, (1997) (emphasizing the state interest "in protecting
the integrity and ethics of the medical profession"); Barsky
v. Board of Regents of Univ. of N. Y., 
(1954) (same).
With the MCTL, Colorado has merely taken up that same
mantle. That law operates by prohibiting a particular med-
ical treatment the State considers harmful, and nothing
about it implicates Chiles's First Amendment rights in a
markedly different fashion than other States' traditional ef-
forts to regulate and enforce the standard of care.11

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 The majority's observation that "counselor-licensure bill[s]" are a rel-

atively recent innovation, ante, at 20, is an interesting diversion. But
that is all. The relevant historical question is whether States have his-
torically regulated the medical care that licensed professionals provide
to patients, including treatments that are delivered via speech. The an-
swer is yes; the fact that counselors have only recently been included in
the regulated category of "licensed medical professionals" is beside the
point.
30 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

One more thought on this: The majority rigidly imposes
a history-and-tradition test that treats the plethora of his-
torical examples as insufficient. See ante, at 18 -- 22. But it
should instead find the long tradition of state laws setting
standards of care by regulating the professional conduct of
medical providers -- including those who treat with
speech -- doubly reassuring.
For one thing, this history helps us to be confident that
what Colorado is doing here is actually regulating medical
care, not suppressing messages. The record shows that
States have routinely enacted laws that establish and en-
force the standard of care, and that serves as a backdrop for
an understanding of how States have acted historically to
protect their residents from harm. The majority is right
about one thing, however: A State will always say that its
law just regulates the provision of medical treatments,
while the challenger will inevitably argue that the State's
law nefariously targets speech qua speech. See ante, at 16.
A lengthy tradition of similar regulatory efforts by States -- 
or the absence of one -- helps courts to ferret out who has
the better of that argument.
The history also helpfully demonstrates that a lower level
of scrutiny is appropriate here, despite the impact of the
MCTL on Chiles's speech. We can rest easy, comforted by
the fact that this law is not actually operating to suppress
the expression of thoughts, messages, or ideas about con-
version therapy; instead, the MCTL restricts talk thera-
pists in the same way and to the same extent as other
healthcare professionals have historically been limited
when treating patients. Like other valid licensing re-
strictions, the MCTL does not prevent Chiles from speaking
out in favor of conversion therapy, promoting conversion
therapy, or otherwise lending credence to efforts to validate
that therapy. All this law does is prohibit Chiles from
providing this treatment to minor patients -- no different
than what Colorado and other States have been doing in the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 31

JACKSON, J., dissenting

indisputably valid exercise of their police powers for centu-
ries.12
All things considered, then, I reach a different conclusion
in this case than the majority does because precedent, prin-
ciples, and history point in the same direction: No height-
ened scrutiny is warranted here. The First Amendment
cares about government efforts to suppress "speech as
speech" (based on its expressive content), not laws that, like
the MCTL, restrict speech "incidentally," due to the govern-
ment's traditional, garden-variety regulation of such speak-
ers' professional conduct.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 Suggesting otherwise, the majority places great stock in our decision

in Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project, (2010). See ante, at
10, 16. Holder involved a law that prevented lawyers and doctors from
providing " 'material support' " for others' terrorist activities by word or
deed. 561 U. S., at 8 -- 9. We subjected the law to strict scrutiny because,
as applied to the plaintiffs, the law was aimed at preventing profession-
als from "communicating a message." Id., at 28. Such a regulation
plainly raised the specter of suppression -- i.e., that what the United
States was really aiming to do was prevent those professionals from ex-
pressing support for something the United States found distasteful. In
other words, the challenged law sought to punish the plaintiffs based on
the expressive content of their speech. That is not what we have here.
The MCTL -- which follows in a long line of state regulation of healthcare
providers' treatment-related conduct -- does not restrict or punish medi-
cal professionals because of the expressive content of their communica-
tions. Rather, the speech restriction happens only incidentally; the
MCTL's indisputable objective is prohibiting a harmful medical treat-
ment. To put a finer point on this: The equivalent of Chiles's First
Amendment claim, transported to the Holder context, would be as if the
United States in Holder had said: "you professionals are prohibited from
committing acts of terrorism," and the lawyers among them responded,
"it is unconstitutional to apply your 'no terrorist acts' prohibition to us
because we want to commit the prohibited terrorist acts with our speech."
But, of course, the First Amendment would not prevent the United
States from prohibiting all terrorist acts even if, by doing so, it inci-
dentally restricts the speech that some actors might otherwise have used
to behave in the manner the law prohibits. In my view, that is how
Chiles's constitutional claim works (and also why it fails).
32 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

IV
Ultimately, because the majority plays with fire in this
case, I fear that the people of this country will get burned.
Before now, licensed medical professionals had to adhere to
standards when treating patients: They could neither do
nor say whatever they want. Largely due to such State reg-
ulation, Americans have been privileged to enjoy a long and
successful tradition of high-quality medical care.
Today, the Court turns its back on that tradition. And,
to be completely frank, no one knows what will happen now.
This decision might make speech-only therapies and other
medical treatments involving practitioner speech effec-
tively unregulatable -- not to be reached via licensing stand-
ards, medical-malpractice liability, or any other means of
state control. Who knows? Certainly not the majority. It
appears to have made this momentous decision without ad-
equately grappling with the potential long-term and disas-
trous implications of this ruling.
The fallout could be catastrophic. Many regulations im-
pact the speech of medical professionals in the context of
their provision of healthcare to patients; the possibilities go
far beyond talk therapy and informed consent. For exam-
ple, many States require that medical professionals "make
every reasonable effort to promote the welfare, autonomy
and best interests of " the client. Ga. Comp. Rules & Regs.,
Rule 135 -- 7 -- .01(1) (2026); see Ind. Admin. Code, tit. 839,
-- -- 5(1) (2026); Conn. Gen. Stat. -- 542 (requiring
"[h]umane and dignified treatment") (2025); Ala. Admin.
Code Rule 255 -- X -- 11 -- .01 (Supp. 2016) (requiring that the
professional "assure client welfare and protection" during
medical care). Some States further prohibit medical profes-
sionals from treating a patient "in a cruel manner." Kan.
Admin. Regs. 102 -- 3 -- 12a(b)(11) (2022). Similarly, some
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 33

JACKSON, J., dissenting

licensing boards can discipline a provider who "is incompe-
tent." Alaska Stat..29.400(4) (2025).13
On the majority's view, these kinds of regulations become
unenforceable if the healthcare provider risks harming pa-
tients with their speech rather than an operation. Provid-
ers who offer "cruel" speech-only therapies or who use
speech to (intentionally or incompetently) harm the welfare
of patients, for example, can now assert a First Amendment
right to carry on, regardless of these standards.
So, to put it bluntly, the Court could be ushering in an
era of unprofessional and unsafe medical care administered
by effectively unsupervised healthcare providers. A state
license used to mean something to the patients who entrust
their care to licensed professionals -- i.e., that the person is
certified to be one who provides treatments that are con-
sistent with the standard of care.
That stops today. Indeed, it is not at all clear how, or to
what extent, state regulation of medical care involving
practitioner speech can survive this holding. We are on a
slippery slope now: For the first time, the Supreme Court
has interpreted the First Amendment to bless a risk of ther-
apeutic harm to children by limiting the State's ability to
regulate medical providers who treat patients with speech.
What's next? In the worst-case scenario, our medical sys-
tem unravels as various licensed healthcare professionals -- 
talk therapists, psychiatrists, and presumably anyone else
who claims to utilize speech when administering

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 Those are not the only restrictions that constrain the speech of med-

ical professionals. Some States require that a counselor make a treat-
ment plan specifying goals and methods, and ensure that such plan is
"viab[le] and effectiv[e]." Ariz. Admin. Code, Rule R4 -- 6 -- 1102 (Sept.
2025). Others prohibit "making claims of professional superiority that
one cannot substantiate" or "guaranteeing that satisfaction or a cure will
result from the performance of professional services." Kan. Admin. Regs.
102 -- 3 -- 12a(b)(31), (32). Still others prohibit the professional from "exer-
cis[ing] undue influence on the client." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 245 -- 224(j).
34 CHILES v. SALAZAR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

treatments to patients -- start broadly wielding their new-
found constitutional right to provide substandard medical
care.
It is baffling that we could now be standing on the edge
of a precipitous drop in the quality of healthcare services in
America. But the Court sees fit to bring us one step closer
to that fate today. Stranger still is the fact that this possi-
bility looms in the 21st century -- given what science now en-
ables us to know about medical conditions and treatments,
what our cases say, and what we all should have learned by
now from history. Somehow, Justices from eras past have
always understood that (as I stated at the outset) "there is
no right to practice medicine which is not subordinate to the
police power of the States." Lambert, 272 U. S., at 596.
They correctly applied that simple but powerful under-
standing of our Constitution across the board -- to all
healthcare professionals, including those with practices
that happen to involve treatment-related speech. We do
harm to both the Nation's medical system and our First
Amendment jurisprudence by ignoring that wisdom today.
* * *
The First Amendment requires heightened scrutiny
when States regulate "speech as speech" but not when
speech is restricted "incidentally." NIFLA, 585 U. S., at
769 -- 770. The latter occurs where, as here, a State seeks to
prohibit healthcare professionals from providing a danger-
ous medical treatment in all of its forms, including the
speech-related variety. States have traditionally regulated
the provision of medical care through licensing schemes and
malpractice regimes without constitutional incident. And
no core principle of our First Amendment jurisprudence
leads inexorably to the conclusion that it violates the Con-
stitution for a State to prevent its licensed talk therapists
from using speech to harm the minors in their care. Hold-
ing otherwise, as the majority does now, flouts centuries of
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 35

JACKSON, J., dissenting

state-standardized regulation of medical care and is, ulti-
mately, nonsensical. The Constitution does not pose a bar-
rier to reasonable regulation of harmful medical treatments
just because substandard care comes via speech instead of
scalpel.
Accordingly, I cannot agree with the majority's analysis
or its conclusions in this case. The majority finds, at bot-
tom, that Colorado likely cannot legislate to protect the chil-
dren of its State if, by doing so, it happens to keep state-
licensed healthcare providers from saying what they want
to say to minors. And the majority's holding means, in ef-
fect, that just because Chiles is a talk therapist -- and not,
say, a surgeon -- a State can be prevented from incidentally
imposing reasonable restrictions on the treatments she pro-
vides. Our precedents do not compel this conclusion. In
fact, NIFLA draws a different line, and the correct course
of action here is to hold it: Speech uttered for purposes of
providing medical treatment may be restricted incidentally
when the State reasonably regulates the speaker's provi-
sion of medical treatments to patients. Id., at 769 -- 770.
To do anything else opens a dangerous can of worms. It
threatens to impair States' ability to regulate the provision
of medical care in any respect. It extends the Constitution
into uncharted territory in an utterly irrational fashion.
And it ultimately risks grave harm to Americans' health
and wellbeing.

============================================================

JUSTICE GORSUCH delivered the opinion of the Court.
Today, most criminal defendants sentenced to federal
prison must also serve a term of supervised release. If a
defendant on supervised release fails to report to his proba-
tion officer, serious consequences can follow. This case
poses a question about one of them.
I
Under the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, supervised re-
lease serves as a transitional period between incarceration
and freedom. See Mont v. United States, 
(2019). While on supervised release, a criminal defendant
must comply with various conditions. Some of those condi-
tions (like: commit no more crimes) are as mandatory as
they are obvious. 18 U. S. C.. Others may be im-
posed at the discretion of the sentencing judge. Ibid. Com-
mon discretionary conditions include " 'report[ing] to a pro-
bation officer as directed' " and " 'notify[ing] the probation
officer promptly of any change in address.' " Administrative
Office of the United States Courts, Overview of Probation
and Supervised Release Conditions 16, 24 (July 2024)
(15), (17)). Should a defendant violate
any prescribed condition, whether mandatory or
2 RICO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

discretionary, a judge may revoke his release and order him
returned to prison. (3). A judge may also require
the defendant to serve an additional "term of supervised re-
lease after [his] imprisonment.".
Isabel Rico's encounter with these rules is long and com-
plex. In 2010, she pleaded guilty to federal drug trafficking
charges and was sentenced to seven years in prison followed
by four years of supervised release. App. to Pet. for Cert.
11a (App.); Brief for Petitioner 8. Only a few months after
leaving prison in January 2017, Ms. Rico violated her su-
pervised release conditions. As a result, the judge revoked
her release, sent her back to prison for two months, and or-
dered her to serve another 42-month term of supervised re-
lease. App. 11a. Per the judge's order, that new supervised
release term was slated to expire in June 2021 (an im-
portant date, as we will soon see). See ibid.
Ms. Rico's second stint on supervised release went no bet-
ter than her first. Shortly after leaving prison in December
2017, she changed her residence without telling her proba-
tion officer, once again violating a condition of her release.
Ibid. In response, a judge issued a warrant for her arrest
in May 2018. Id., at 12a. But federal authorities appar-
ently didn't catch up with her until January 2023. Id., at
3a. In between, too, it turned out that Ms. Rico committed
new state-law offenses. In January 2021, authorities ar-
rested her for evading police and driving without a license.
And in January 2022, she was charged with possessing il-
licit drugs for sale. Both sets of crimes resulted in convic-
tions. Brief for Petitioner 9 -- 10.
Of course, Ms. Rico faced punishment for those offenses
in state court. But what did they mean for her back in fed-
eral court? Consulting the sentencing guidelines, the court
held that Ms. Rico's failure to report to her probation officer
and her January 2021 offenses qualified as two independ-
ent "Grade C violations" of her supervised release condi-
tions, each carrying an advisory sentencing range of 8 to 14
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

months of imprisonment. App. 25a -- 32a. The court also
held that Ms. Rico's January 2022 drug offense amounted
to a "Grade A violation," with an associated advisory range
of 33 to 36 months of imprisonment. Ibid. After considering
these guidelines, and varying downward from them, the
court sentenced Ms. Rico to another 16 months of incarcer-
ation, followed by two more years of supervised release. Id.,
at 5a, 35a.
Ms. Rico appealed that decision. Perhaps the district
court could revoke her supervised release based on her fail-
ure to report and her January 2021 offenses. Perhaps, as
well, the district court could order her to serve 16 months
in prison (after all, she committed two Grade C violations,
each carrying an advisory sentence of 8 to 14 months) and
a new term of supervised release. But, she insisted, the
court had no lawful authority to treat her January 2022
state drug offense as an independent supervised release vi-
olation. The court could not do so, Ms. Rico argued, because
that offense occurred after her pre-existing term of federal
supervised release expired in June 2021.
The Ninth Circuit disagreed. Without question, Ms.
Rico's supervised release term was set to expire in June
2021 by court order. But, the Ninth Circuit reasoned, Ms.
Rico's abscondment "tolled" the clock so that her term con-
tinued to run until federal authorities caught up with her
in 2023. Id., at 3a. As a result, her January 2022 drug
offense occurred while she was on supervised release. And
because of that, the district court could treat that offense as
a violation and revoke her supervised release based upon it.
Ibid.
We agreed to review this case to resolve a circuit split.
(2025). Some circuits, like the Ninth, hold
that a defendant's failure to report doesn't just amount to a
punishable supervised release violation but also automati-
cally extends his term of supervised release. Others disa-
gree, taking Ms. Rico's view that abscondment does not
4 RICO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

automatically extend a term of supervised release. Com-
pare United States v. Crane, 979 F. 2d 687, 691 (CA9 1992);
and United States v. Buchanan, 638 F. 3d 448, 458 (CA4
2011), with United States v. Hernandez-Ferrer, 599 F. 3d
63, 66 -- 69 (CA1 2010); United States v. Talley, 83 F. 4th
1296, 1297 (CA11 2023).
II
In approaching this dispute, a preliminary note on termi-
nology is warranted. The Ninth Circuit held that a defend-
ant who absconds during supervised release "tolls" his ex-
isting, judicially ordered term of supervised release until
federal authorities find him. This is a misnomer. In legal
settings, the word "toll" often denotes some stop or pause.
See Artis v. District of Columbia, -- 82 (2018).
But under the Ninth Circuit's approach, a defendant who
absconds stops or pauses nothing. Rather, he remains sub-
ject to the conditions of his supervised release and can be
held accountable for any violations he commits during his
abscondment. What the Ninth Circuit's rule really does is
extend the period of supervised release beyond what a judge
has ordered. On its view, an absconding defendant's term
of supervised release does not expire when a court has di-
rected but continues to run so long as the defendant re-
mains out of contact with his probation officer.
A
Whatever the wisdom of a policy like that, we see nothing
in the law authorizing it. The Sentencing Reform Act pro-
vides courts with many tools to address defendants who fail
to report or otherwise violate their supervised release con-
ditions. But automatically extending a term of supervised
release is not among them. An array of textual clues proves
the point.
Start with what the Act says about when supervised re-
lease begins and ends. The Act instructs that a term of
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

supervised release starts "the day the person is released
from imprisonment.". The Act then tells us when
a term of supervised release must end, generally setting its
maximum length at one, three, or five years, depending on
the severity of the defendant's underlying offense.. Neither provision hints at anything like the
Ninth Circuit's automatic extension rule. To the contrary,
that rule risks flouting the Act by permitting courts to ex-
tend supervised release beyond even the maximum terms
set by Congress.
Next, consider how the Act treats absconders. As a con-
dition of supervised release, a court may order a defendant
to report to a probation officer and inform authorities if he
changes his residence. See (15), (17). Should a
defendant violate those (or any other) conditions, a court
may (and sometimes must) revoke his supervised release
and send him back to prison with a new term of supervised
release to follow. (3), (g). That the Act authorizes
those potent tools for addressing absconders -- but makes no
mention of anything like the Ninth Circuit's automatic ex-
tension rule -- is telling too.
Relevant as well, the Act authorizes other extension and
(true) tolling rules. Take a few examples. Section
3583(e)(2) permits a court to "extend a term of supervised
release," but only subject to important limitations. A court
must generally hold a hearing and consider various sen-
tencing factors. See (2); Fed. Rule Crim. Proc. 32.1.
A court cannot extend supervised release beyond the maxi-
mum term set by statute. See (2). Nor may a court
extend a term of supervised release if that term has already
expired. See ibid.; Brief for United States 8, 38, 45. The
Ninth Circuit's automatic extension rule disregards not just
one but each of these limits. Under its approach, no hearing
is needed, a term of supervised release may extend beyond
the statutory maximum, and a court-ordered expiration
date becomes meaningless.
6 RICO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Section 3583(i) also addresses extensions. It provides
that a court's power to revoke supervised release "extends
beyond the expiration of the term of supervised release for
any period reasonably necessary for the adjudication of
matters arising before its expiration if, before its expiration,
a warrant or summons has been issued on the basis of an
allegation of such violation." Here, then, the Act speaks di-
rectly to what a court may do after the expiration of a de-
fendant's judicially ordered term of supervised release. But
(again) the Act bounds a court's authority. A court may ad-
judicate only "matters arising before" the expiration of the
defendant's term of supervised release. It may do so only if
a warrant or summons issued during that term. And noth-
ing in this provision allows a court to exceed statutory max-
imums. The Ninth Circuit's rule, meanwhile, blows past all
those constraints, allowing courts to revoke supervised re-
lease for violations arising after the judicially decreed su-
pervised release term expires -- and sometimes even after
the statutory maximum period -- all without the necessity
of a warrant or summons.
If more evidence were needed to illustrate how unlikely
the Ninth Circuit's rule is, would supply it. That
provision indicates that a "term of supervised release does
not run during any period in which the person is imprisoned
in connection with a conviction" for 30 consecutive days or
more. This is a true tolling rule, one that stops the clock
running on a defendant's term of supervised release. Yet,
like the Act's extension rules, it is narrow in scope and noth-
ing at all like the rule the Ninth Circuit has adopted.
The quantity of all these instructions has a quality of its
own, too. Cumulatively, the Act details how long super-
vised release may run, the tools courts can use to address
defendants who fail to report or commit other violations,
when courts may extend and toll terms of supervised re-
lease, and how they can go about addressing violations even
after a term of supervised release has expired. To our eyes,
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

the absence of anything like the Ninth Circuit's rule in all
these exacting instructions is striking and strongly sugges-
tive that the Ninth Circuit's rule more nearly represents an
adornment to Congress's work than a permissible interpre-
tation of it.
B
Seeking to persuade us otherwise, the government starts
this way. Under, it observes, a defendant on super-
vised release "shall, during the term imposed, be supervised
by a probation officer." Many other provisions speak simi-
larly. See, e.g., (3), 3624(e). As a matter of ordi-
nary meaning, the government submits, supervision "re-
quires both observation and direction." Brief for United
States 12. Because Ms. Rico was subject to neither of those
things from early 2018 until 2023, the government reasons,
she should receive no "credit" for serving on supervised re-
lease during that period. Ibid. And, as a result, the district
court was within its rights to hold that she violated the
terms of her supervised release when she committed her
January 2022 drug offense. Id., at 18 -- 23.
If attractive at first blush, this line of reasoning suffers
from a few underlying flaws. For one thing, the provisions
the government cites do not outline anything like the Ninth
Circuit's automatic extension rule. Instead, they merely de-
scribe the individual responsible for supervising the defend-
ant -- the probation officer -- along with some of his duties.
For another, to the extent these provisions speak about the
length of supervised release at all, they indicate that a pro-
bation officer shall supervise a defendant only "during the
term imposed" by the sentencing court. See,
3624(e). And that limitation would seem to do more to hurt
than help the government's cause.
For another thing still, an anomaly lies at the heart of the
government's theory. The government contends that Ms.
Rico was not supervised from early 2018 until 2023 and,
8 RICO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

accordingly, should not have that period counted toward
her term of supervised release. But in the same breath, the
government argues that her January 2021 state offenses
and her January 2022 state drug offense count as federal
violations because her term of supervised release continued
to run during the entire length of her abscondment. In a
very real sense, then, the government asks us to imagine
that Ms. Rico was both off and on supervised release at the
same time. Really, it is quite the puzzle.
If its arguments from statutory text fall short, the gov-
ernment replies, its arguments from precedent fill the gap.
In particular, the government suggests, our decisions in
Mont and United States v. Johnson, (2000), re-
quire us to adopt the Ninth Circuit's rule. But here, too, we
just don't see it. Mont simply recognized that 's ex-
press terms suspend (or truly toll) a defendant's term of su-
pervised release while he remains imprisoned for a sepa-
rate state offense before trial. 587 U. S., at 521. And if that
express tolling rule highlights anything, it is only, as we
have seen, the absence of anything like the Ninth Circuit's
rule in the statutory text. See Part II -- A, supra.
Johnson is even further afield. There, the defendant re-
mained in prison longer than he should have. 529 U. S., at
54. After realizing the mistake, the district court ordered
the defendant's release and instructed that he should begin
serving his term of supervised release. Id., at 55. The de-
fendant appealed a portion of that order, arguing that his
term of supervised release should have started "when his
lawful term of imprisonment expired." Id., at 55 -- 56. Ulti-
mately, we rejected that argument, reasoning that the Act's
terms could not sustain it. Id., at 56 -- 58. How any of that
might require us to adopt the Ninth Circuit's rule escapes
us. Perhaps Johnson's only relevance to this case lies in
this parallel to our case: We proceed today much as we did
there, rejecting yet one more effort to adorn the Act with a
rule Congress could have adopted but did not enact.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

Moving past our precedents, the government next ap-
peals to the common law. For centuries, the government
observes, common-law courts have held that the time be-
tween a defendant's escape from prison and his recapture
generally does not count toward the discharge of his sen-
tence. It is a rule, the government notes, premised on the
commonsense view that an escapee should take no " 'man-
ner of advantage from it.' " Brief for United States 25 (quot-
ing 2 W. Hawkins, Pleas of the Crown 200 (6th ed. 1788)).
And it is a rule, the government says, we should assume
Congress meant to carry forward under the Sentencing Re-
form Act -- and one that should ultimately lead us to adopt
the Ninth Circuit's rule. Brief for United States 29.
The government's premises here may be sound, but its
conclusion is not. Congress may sometimes legislate
against the backdrop of the common law. We can also as-
sume for argument's sake that the government is right
about the common-law rule and courts generally paused the
clock on a defendant's sentence and its attendant conditions
when he escaped from prison and remained at large. But,
as we have seen, the government seeks a very different rule
here. Its proposed rule does not stop any clock or merely
ensure a defendant does not take advantage of his abscond-
ment. It imposes a new punishment on him by automati-
cally extending his term of supervised release.
Look at it this way. When a prisoner escapes, he is in no
sense serving his prison sentence. In contrast, when a de-
fendant on supervised release fails to report, everyone
agrees he remains bound by the terms of his release. That
is why, for failing to report and any other violation he may
commit during his judicially ordered term of supervised re-
lease, a court may send a defendant to prison and authorize
more supervised release yet. (3). The court can do
all that, too, even after the defendant's prescribed term of
supervised release expires, so long as a warrant or sum-
mons issues beforehand.. The Act thus already
10 RICO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

provides courts with many ways to ensure a defendant does
not profit from a supervised release violation. But what the
Act does not do is automatically extend the defendant's pe-
riod of supervised release beyond what a judge has ordered.
And that additional rule is hardly necessary to ensure that
a defendant should take "no manner of advantage" from his
abscondment.
The government urges us to consider Anderson v. Corall,
(1923). That case, the government insists,
illustrates how background common-law principles should
inform our understanding of the Act. In Corall, a federal
court sentenced the defendant to prison, followed by a term
of parole, a form of conditional release different from (but
not wholly unlike) supervised release. Id., at 193 -- 194.
While the defendant was on parole, he committed a new
state crime and was sentenced to state prison. Id., at 194.
After his release, federal authorities revoked the defend-
ant's parole and returned him to federal prison. Id., at 194 -- 
195. The defendant protested that his federal parole clock
had expired while he was in state prison, but we disagreed.
Instead, applying background common-law principles, we
held that the defendant's state confinement stopped the
clock on his federal parole much as a prisoner's escape stops
the clock on his prison sentence. Id., at 196 -- 197.
We fail to see how any of this moves the needle. Corall
might teach that, thanks to background common-law prin-
ciples, a defendant's federal parole clock stops running dur-
ing his time in state prison. But what does that prove?
When it comes to supervised release, as we have seen, Con-
gress has already codified a similar rule, providing that a
defendant's incarceration for 30 days or more pauses his
term of supervised release.. And none of that
means the government is entitled to an additional and very
different rule that would automatically extend a defend-
ant's term of supervised release beyond what a court has
ordered and possibly even beyond the statutory maximum.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

Simply put, Corall did not even contemplate, let alone en-
dorse, anything like the Ninth Circuit's rule.
In the end, the government is left to resort to a policy
plea. The Act may supply courts with many tools to address
absconding defendants. A court may even revoke a defend-
ant's supervised release after his judicially ordered term of
supervised release has expired so long as a warrant or sum-
mons issues before the term ends. See. But in
cases where a defendant absconds late in his supervised re-
lease term, the government protests, a probation officer
may not realize his absence in time to secure a warrant or
summons, leaving a court powerless to address violations
after the term expires. It's a problem, the government in-
sists, we should remedy by endorsing the Ninth Circuit's
rule.
This plea is misdirected. If the government thinks
's warrant-or-summons requirement too demand-
ing, the proper place to register that complaint is with those
who drafted it. This Court is not free to rewrite the direc-
tions Congress has provided. Nor is it clear to us, for that
matter, how serious the government's supposed problem is.
Defendants may commit many violations late in their terms
of supervised release. Some of those violations, like secre-
tive or nascent criminal activities, may be difficult to detect.
By comparison, a defendant's failure to report to a proba-
tion officer as instructed is presumably among the easiest
violations for federal authorities to notice. So even if we
had the authority to rewrite the law's terms to address
"late-in-term-and-difficult-to-detect-violations," it is not
clear why we would start with failure to report violations.*
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*The dissent maintains that, even if Ms. Rico's January 2022 offense
did not qualify as an independent supervised release violation, the dis-
trict court could have considered that offense under the Sentencing Re-
form Act when fashioning an appropriate sentence for the violations she
committed before June 2021. See post, at 1 -- 4 (opinion of ALITO, J.). But
that, of course, is not what happened. Instead, the district court treated
12 RICO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

*
Because the Sentencing Reform Act does not authorize
the rule the Court of Appeals adopted and the government
advances, the judgment of the Ninth Circuit is reversed,
and the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Ms. Rico's January 2022 offense as an independent supervised release
violation. And the Ninth Circuit affirmed that decision based on its "toll-
ing" rule. As we have explored (and the dissent hardly contests), those
decisions are inconsistent with the Act's terms. At bottom, then, and
despite its insistence otherwise, post, at 4, the dissent believes those
errors are harmless because, it says, the district court could have ac-
counted for Ms. Rico's January 2022 offense by a different means than
the one it employed. We think it inappropriate to engage in that kind of
speculation. The Ninth Circuit decision under review never addressed
the question of harmless error. Nor does the government press a harm-
less-error argument before us. In these circumstances, it is "normal
practice" to leave any question about harmless error for resolution on
remand "in the first instance." Neder v. United States, 
(1999). No sound reason exists to deviate from that practice here.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 1056
_________________

ISABEL RICO, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[March 25, 2026]

JUSTICE ALITO, dissenting.
This case is much simpler than the Court's opinion sug-
gests, and we have no need to consider whether petitioner's
term of supervised release was "tolled" when she absconded
and evaded supervision.
I
I will start with what is undisputed. In December 2017,
petitioner began a 42-month term of supervised release
and, during that time, was required not to use illegal drugs
or commit any other crimes and was ordered to notify her
probation officer if her address changed. In May 2018, she
moved without telling her probation officer, and a warrant
was issued for her arrest. She remained a fugitive until
January 2023, but during the intervening months, she com-
mitted three state-law criminal offenses, including a drug
crime in January 2022. The sentencing judge, exercising
his authority under 18 U. S. C. (3) and (h), re-
voked petitioner's term of supervised release, sent her back
to prison for 16 months, and required her to serve a new 2-
year term of supervised release after her release from con-
finement.
In determining the length of petitioner's new term of im-
prisonment, the judge turned first to the Sentencing Guide-
lines. Without the January 2022 drug offense, the sentenc-
ing range recommended by the Guidelines was 8 to 14
2 RICO v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

months, but with the drug offense the range jumped to 33
to 36 months. The judge started with the higher range, but
he made a large downward "variance" and set her sentence
at 16 months, just 2 months longer than the top of the range
that would have applied if the drug offense were disre-
garded.
II
The question before us is whether the sentencing judge's
consideration of the drug offense was lawful, and based on
the terms of the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, it clearly
was. Under 18 U. S. C., the judge was permitted
to take into account most of the factors set out in,
and several of those factors permitted consideration of the
January 2022 drug crime. For example, imprisoning peti-
tioner for 16 months could deter her from committing crim-
inal offenses, including drug crimes, during and after her
new 2-year term of supervised release. See (2)(B).
The 16-month term could also deter others from violating
supervised release and committing serious crimes. See
ibid. And by confining petitioner for 16 months, the sen-
tence protected the public from crimes that petitioner, a se-
rial recidivist, might have committed if she were not in
prison. See (2)(C).1
Although the Sentencing Reform Act plainly authorized
the sentencing judge to consider the January 2022 drug of-
fense, petitioner challenges her sentence based on her in-
terpretation of the Sentencing Guidelines. That argument
should be rejected for at least two reasons. First, the Sen-
tencing Commission cannot take away important authority
that the Sentencing Reform Act unequivocally gives to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Even petitioner concedes that the "supervisee's conduct after the ex-

piration of the term can still be considered by the sentencing court as
part of the relevant 18 U. S. C. analysis when selecting the ap-
propriate revocation sentence." Brief for Petitioner 46 (emphasis in orig-
inal).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

district courts. Second, the Sentencing Guidelines,
properly read, do not prevent a judge from considering all
crimes that a prisoner commits after absconding from su-
pervised release.
Petitioner's contrary argument rests on what she under-
stands to be the combined operation of several provisions of
the Sentencing Guidelines. At the time of her sentencing,.1 set out several grades of supervised released viola-
tions, ranging from Grade A for the worst transgressions
(including drug felonies) to Grade C for the least serious.
United States Sentencing Commission, Guidelines Manual.1 (Nov. 2023). Section 7B1.4(a) provided recom-
mended ranges of imprisonment for each violation grade.
Petitioner contends that a supervised release violation is
one that occurs while a prisoner is on supervised release
and that she was no longer on supervised release when she
committed the drug crime in January 2022 because her
term of supervised release continued to run while she was
a fugitive and thus expired in 2021. As a result, she main-
tains, the drug offense should not have been considered in
calculating the sentence recommended by the Guidelines.
I am bemused by the notion that petitioner was on super-
vised release when she was evading all supervision. (I sup-
pose she was on "unsupervised supervised release.") And it
seems strange to regard a crime committed after the expi-
ration of "unsupervised supervised release" as a non-event.
By that logic, if petitioner had gone on a murder spree after
the expiration of the period of unsupervised supervised re-
lease, the sentencing judge would have been required to put
that out of his mind.
As I see it, however, the whole debate about whether pe-
titioner's term of supervised release continued to run or was
"tolled" while she was on the lam is pointless. The Guide-
lines are merely advisory, and this Court has made it clear
that a judge is allowed to impose a sentence outside the rec-
ommended Guidelines range when that range "fails
4 RICO v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

properly to reflect considerations." Rita v. United
States, (2007).
That is what the judge did here, and it makes no differ-
ence that he started with the 33-to-36-month range and
then varied downward to 16 months instead of starting
with the lower range of 8 to 14 months and varying upward
by 2 months based on the drug crime. Not only was this
permitted by the Guidelines, but the judge stated that
Rico's sentence was imposed "regardless of the applicable
sentencing guideline range." App. to Pet. for Cert. 35a. By
taking petitioner's January 2022 drug crime into account in
this way, the judge acted in conformity with the Sentencing
Reform Act, the Sentencing Guidelines, and the authority
that this Court recognized in Rita.2
I would therefore affirm.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Contrary to the Court's argument, see ante, at 11, n., I do not contend

that we should affirm based on harmless error. Rather, the District
Judge made no error at all.

============================================================

JUSTICE GORSUCH, dissenting from the denial of certio-
rari.
Almost two decades ago, Jaron Burnett pleaded guilty to
a federal crime that carried a maximum sentence of 120
months in prison. Initially, the district court sentenced Mr.
Burnett to less than that -- 105 months in prison, followed
by 15 years of supervised release.
Over six years after his release from prison, the govern-
ment charged Mr. Burnett with violating the terms of his
supervised release. In response, the district court sen-
tenced him to 13 additional months in prison. See 18
U. S. C. (3) (providing that a district court may im-
pose a term of imprisonment if a defendant violates the
terms of his supervised release). That new term brought
Mr. Burnett's total time in prison to 118 months, just 2
fewer than the maximum Congress authorized for his un-
derlying conviction. Mr. Burnett finished serving his time
in July 2022 and returned to supervised release.
Two years later, the government again charged Mr. Bur-
nett with violating the terms of his supervised release and
again sought to send him to prison. This time, Mr. Burnett
argued, the court needed to proceed differently. His under-
lying conviction subjected him to a maximum lawful term
of 120 months in prison, no more. Should the government
seek prison time beyond that because of his latest alleged
supervised release violations, Mr. Burnett submitted, the
2 BURNETT v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Sixth Amendment required the government to prove its
case to a jury beyond a reasonable doubt.
The district court disagreed. Proceeding without a jury
and applying a preponderance of the evidence standard, the
court found that Mr. Burnett had committed some of the
alleged supervised release violations. And, based on its fac-
tual findings, the court sentenced him to 14 more months
in prison, bringing his total term of incarceration to 132
months -- 12 more than the statutory maximum associated
with his crime of conviction. The court of appeals affirmed
that result.
In his petition to us, Mr. Burnett does not ask for much.
He does not object to receiving new prison time for super-
vised release violations. He does not even object to a court
issuing that prison time based on its own factual findings
under a preponderance of the evidence standard, so long as
the punishment issued does not exceed the statutory maxi-
mum for his underlying crime of conviction. All Mr. Bur-
nett claims is the right to have a jury decide any contested
facts under the reasonable doubt standard where, as here,
a court seeks to impose a sentence that will cause a defend-
ant's total time in prison to exceed the statutory maximum
Congress has authorized for his underlying conviction.
I would have taken this case to consider that argument.
Most federal criminal defendants serve time on supervised
release. Some commit violations. Few face a realistic pro-
spect of spending more time in prison than the maximum
term authorized for their underlying convictions. See
United States v. Henderson, 998 F. 3d 1071, 1086 (CA9
2021) (Rakoff, J., dissenting). But even if the class of cases
like Mr. Burnett's is small, the stakes are high. Many fed-
eral criminal defendants today serve long terms on super-
vised release (terms that can be further extended after any
new violation). See, (h). Others serve on super-
vised release for life. See. And, under the logic of
the decision below, defendants like these can effectively
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

wind up losing for decades (and sometimes forever) the
right to receive a federal jury trial to resolve charges
against them under the reasonable doubt standard. All the
government need do is accuse the defendant of a supervised
release violation and convince a judge to find by a prepon-
derance of the evidence that more punishment is war-
ranted. With no more than that, further prison time may
follow -- even for periods that exceed the maximum Con-
gress has authorized for the defendant's only crime of con-
viction.
Bypassing juries, trials, and the reasonable doubt stand-
ard in this way may hold some obvious advantages for pros-
ecutors. But whether this arrangement can be squared
with the Constitution is another thing. Under the Sixth
Amendment, this Court has held, "[o]ther than the fact of a
prior conviction, any fact that increases the penalty for a
crime beyond the prescribed statutory maximum must be
submitted to a jury, and proved beyond a reasonable doubt."
Apprendi v. New Jersey, (2000) (empha-
sis added); see also Erlinger v. United States, (2024); United States v. Haymond, 
(2019) (plurality opinion) (collecting cases). The Court's
failure to grant review to address whether what happened
to Mr. Burnett complies with that Sixth Amendment rule is
unfortunate. I can only hope we will take up another case
like his soon -- and that, in the meantime, lower courts will
more carefully consider the Sixth Amendment's application
in this context. Respectfully, I dissent.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 2
Pages 458 -- 517

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
March 26, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
458 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

BONDI, ATTORNEY GENERAL, et al. v.
VANDERSTOK et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 852. Argued October 8, 2024 -- Decided March 26, 2025
The Gun Control Act of 1968 (GCA) requires those engaged in importing,
manufacturing, or dealing in frearms to obtain federal licenses, keep
sales records, conduct background checks, and mark their products with
serial numbers. The Act defnes "frearm" to include "(A) any weapon... which will or is designed to or may readily be converted to expel a
projectile by the action of an explosive; [and] (B) the frame or receiver
of any such weapon." 18 U. S. C. (3). Recent years have wit-
nessed profound changes in how guns are made and sold, with companies
now able to sell weapon parts kits that individuals can assemble into
functional frearms at home. These kits vary widely in how complete
they come and in how much work is required to fnish them. Sales
have grown exponentially, with law enforcement agencies reporting a
Page Proof Pending Publication
dramatic increase in untraceable "ghost guns" used in crimes -- from
1,600 in 2017 to more than 19,000 in 2021.
In 2022, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives
(ATF) adopted a rule interpreting the Act to cover weapon parts kits
that are "designed to or may readily be converted to expel a projectile,"
27 CFR.11, and "partially complete, disassembled, or nonfunc-
tional" frames or receivers,.12(c). Before ATF could enforce its
rule, gun manufacturers and others fled what they described as a facial
challenge under the Administrative Procedure Act, arguing that the
GCA cannot be read to reach weapon parts kits or unfnished frames or
receivers. The District Court agreed and vacated the rule. The Fifth
Circuit affrmed, holding that (3)(A) categorically does not reach
weapon parts kits regardless of completeness or ease of assembly, and
that (3)(B) reaches only fnished frames and receivers.
Held: The ATF's rule is not facially inconsistent with the GCA. Pp. 467 -- 
484.
(a) Section 478.11's provisions addressing weapon parts kits are not
facially invalid under (3)(A). That subsection contains two re-
quirements: a "weapon" must be present, and that weapon must be able
to expel a projectile by the action of an explosive, designed to do so, or
susceptible of ready conversion to operate that way. Some weapon
parts kits meet that description. Consider, for instance, Polymer80's
"Buy Build Shoot" kit, which contains all necessary components to build
 Cite as: (2025) 459

Syllabus

a semiautomatic pistol and can be assembled in about 20 minutes using
common tools. That kit qualifes as a "weapon" because: (1) artifact
nouns like "weapon" often describe unfnished objects when their in-
tended function is clear, as with a disassembled rife; (2) the statute
treats starter guns as weapons though they require conversion work;
and (3) the statutory text contemplates that some things short of fully
operable frearms qualify as "weapons." The kit also satisfes the stat-
ute's second requirement, as it requires no more time, expertise, or spe-
cialized tools to complete than a starter gun, which the statute treats
as readily convertible into a functioning frearm. While other kits may
be so incomplete or cumbersome to assemble that they cannot fairly be
described as weapons capable of ready conversion, the facial challenge
fails because kits like Polymer 80's clearly qualify. Pp. 467 -- 477.
(b) Section 478.12(c)'s treatment of partially complete frames and re-
ceivers is also not facially invalid under (3)(B). Like "weapon,"
the artifact nouns "frame" and "receiver " may describe not-yet-
complete objects. The statute uses these terms to encompass some un-
fnished items elsewhere, as in 's serialization requirements for
incomplete weapons, silencers, and destructive devices. ATF has for
decades interpreted the statute to reach some unfnished frames and
Page Proof Pending Publication
receivers, and even the plaintiffs concede they have no "quarrel" with
ATF's prior practice of regulating those products. Accordingly, the
statute authorizes ATF to regulate at least some incomplete frames or
receivers that take minutes of work with common tools to complete.
While other products may be so far from fnished that they cannot fairly
be described as frames or receivers, the facial challenge fails because
the statute plainly reaches some partially complete items. Pp. 477 -- 481.
(c) The plaintiffs' arguments about the linguistic differences between
subsections (A) and (B) and potential unintended consequences under
the National Firearms Act (NFA) are unpersuasive. The government
represents that AR -- 15 receivers do not qualify as machinegun receiv-
ers, and this Court's analysis of the GCA does not suggest ATF has
authority to regulate them as such under the NFA. Pp. 481 -- 484.
(d) Neither the rule of lenity nor constitutional avoidance applies
where, as here, the statute's text, context, and structure make clear it
reaches some weapon parts kits and unfnished frames or receivers.
P. 484.
86 F. 4th 179, reversed and remanded.

Gorsuch, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Sotomayor, Kagan, Kavanaugh, Barrett, and Jackson, JJ.,
joined. Sotomayor, J., post, p. 485, Kavanaugh, J., post, p. 486, and
460 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Syllabus

Jackson, J., post, p. 487, each fled concurring opinions. Thomas, J., post,
p. 488, and Alito, J., post, p. 513, each fled dissenting opinions.

Solicitor General Prelogar argued the cause for petition-
ers. With her on the briefs were Principal Deputy Assist-
ant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor General
Fletcher, Nicole Frazer Reaves, Mark B. Stern, and Sean
R. Janda.
Peter A. Patterson argued the cause for respondents.
With him on the brief for respondent VanDerStok et al. were
David H. Thompson, William V. Bergstrom, Cody J. Wis-
niewski, William E. Trachman, R. Brent Cooper, and Mi-
chael J. Sullivan. Charles R. Flores, Adam Kraut, and
Josh Blackman fled a brief for respondent Defense Distrib-
uted et al.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the District of
Columbia et al. by Brian L. Schwalb, Attorney General of the District
of Columbia, Caroline S. Van Zile, Solicitor General, Ashwin P. Phatak,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Principal Deputy Solicitor General, and Elissa R. Lowenthal, Assistant
Attorney General, by Matthew J. Platkin, Attorney General of New Jer-
sey, Jeremy Feigenbaum, Solicitor General, and Samuel L. Rubinstein,
Deputy Attorney General, by Michelle A. Henry, Attorney General of
Pennsylvania, and Lisa E. Eisenberg, Deputy Attorney General, and by
the Attorneys General for their respective jurisdictions as follows: Kristin
K. Mayes of Arizona, Rob Bonta of California, Philip J. Weiser of Colo-
rado, William Tong of Connecticut, Kathleen Jennings of Delaware, Anne
E. Lopez of Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M. Frey of Maine,
Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Andrea J. Campbell of Massachusetts,
Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Aaron D. Ford of
Nevada, Letitia James of New York, Joshua H. Stein of North Carolina,
Edward E. Manibusan of the Northern Mariana Islands, Ellen F. Rosen-
blum of Oregon, Peter F. Neronha of Rhode Island, Charity R. Clark
of Vermont, Robert W. Ferguson of Washington, and Joshua L. Kaul of
Wisconsin; for the American Medical Association et al. by Michael J. Dell;
for the Constitutional Accountability Center by Elizabeth B. Wydra and
Brianne J. Gorod; for the District Attorney for New York County et al.
by Steven C. Wu, Richard Dearing, and Claude S. Platton; for Global
Action on Gun Violence by Timothy C. Hester and Jonathan E. Lowy; for
Gun Owners for Safety by Robert M. Radick; for Gun Violence Prevention
Groups by Kathleen R. Hartnett, Adam M. Katz, and Patrick J. Hayden;
 Cite as: (2025) 461

Opinion of the Court

Justice Gorsuch delivered the opinion of the Court.
For decades, the Gun Control Act has regulated the sale
of frearms. This case poses the question whether the Act's

for the Local Government Legal Center et al. by John J. Korzen and
Amanda Karras; for the Major Cities Chiefs Association et al. by Mary
B. McCord, pro se, Rupa Bhattacharyya, and Kelsi Brown Corkran; for
Professors and Scholars of Linguistics and Law by Mark C. Fleming; for
Queens County District Attorney's Offce by John M. Castellano; for
Frank Blackwell et al. by Lee R. Crain, Scott Edelman, and Katherine M.
Marquart; and for 20 Major Cities et al. by Lee S. Richards and Arthur
S. Greenspan.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of West
Virginia et al. by Patrick Morrisey, Attorney General of West Virginia,
and Michael R. Williams, Solicitor General, by Austin Knudsen, Attor-
ney General of Montana, Christian B. Corrigan, Solicitor General, and
Peter M. Torstensen, Jr., Deputy Solicitor General, and by the Attorneys
General for their respective States as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama,
Treg Taylor of Alaska, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Ashley Moody of Florida,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Chris Carr of Georgia, Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, Theodore E. Rokita of
Indiana, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Kris Kobach of Kansas, Russell Coleman
of Kentucky, Liz Murrill of Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Andrew
Bailey of Missouri, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, John Formella of
New Hampshire, Drew Wrigley of North Dakota, Dave Yost of Ohio, Gen-
tner Drummond of Oklahoma, Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Marty
Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee, Ken Paxton
of Texas, Sean Reyes of Utah, Jason Miyares of Virginia, and Bridget
Hill of Wyoming; for the California Gun Rights Foundation by Stephen
M. Duvernay; for the Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear
Arms et al. by Dan M. Peterson and C. D. Michel; for the Firearms Regu-
latory Accountability Coalition et al. by Stephen J. Obermeier, Jeremy J.
Broggi, and Michael D. Faucette; for the Foundation for Moral Law by
John A. Eidsmoe; for Gun Owners of America, Inc., et al. by John I. Har-
ris III; for the National Association for Gun Rights et al. by David A.
Warrington and Gary M. Lawkowski; for the National Association of
Sporting Goods Wholesalers by Paul D. Clement, Erin E. Murphy, Mat-
thew D. Rowen, and Kevin Wynosky; for the National Rife Association of
America by Joseph G. S. Greenlee and Erin M. Erhardt; for the National
Shooting Sports Foundation, Inc., by H. Christopher Bartolomucci, Ken-
neth A. Klukowski, Stephen P. Halbrook, and Lawrence G. Keane; and for
Rick Vasquez et al. by Bradley A. Benbrook.
462 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

longstanding mandates also apply to those who make and sell
a new product -- "weapon parts kits."

I
A
Shortly after the assassinations of Senator Robert F. Ken-
nedy and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. stunned the Nation,
Congress adopted the Gun Control Act of 1968 (GCA). Pub.
L. 90 -- 618, 82 Stat. 1213. Existing gun control measures,
Congress found, allowed criminals to acquire largely un-
traceable guns too easily. See 82 Stat. 225. Often, for ex-
ample, criminals could evade state laws regulating in-person
sales simply by purchasing guns through the mail. Ibid.
In response, Congress adopted a number of new mandates.
As a result, many of those now engaged in importing, manu-
facturing, or dealing in frearms must obtain federal licenses,
keep records of their sales, and conduct background checks
Page Proof Pending Publication
before transferring frearms to private buyers. 18 U. S. C., 923(a), (g)(1)(A). The Act also requires importers
and manufacturers to mark their frearms with serial num-
bers..
These mandates serve at least two ends. The
background-check requirement seeks to keep "guns out of
the hands of criminals." Abramski v. United States, (2014). The licensing, recordkeeping, and seri-
alization requirements, meanwhile, aim "to assist law en-
forcement authorities in investigating serious crimes," ibid.,
by permitting them " to determine where, by whom, or
when" a firearm was manufactured and to whom it was "sold
or otherwise transferred. " 87 Fed. Reg. 24652 (2022).
Today, thousands of law-enforcement agencies nationwide
depend on the Act's tracing system to link firearms involved
in crimes to their owners. Id., at 24659.
The GCA's mandates apply to "frearm[s]." See,
923(a), (i). And the law defnes that key term broadly.
Under (3), a "frearm" includes "(A) any weapon (in-
 Cite as: (2025) 463

Opinion of the Court

cluding a starter gun) which will or is designed to or may
readily be converted to expel a projectile by the action of an
explosive; (B) the frame or receiver of any such weapon; (C)
any frearm muffer or frearm silencer; or (D) any destruc-
tive device." Thanks to this generous defnition, the GCA
has long been understood to reach everything from run-of-
the-mill rifes to novelty umbrella guns. See AFT, Novelty
Guns (June 5, 2015), https://www.atf.gov/firearms/photo-
gallery-0.
Recent years, however, have witnessed profound changes
in how guns are made and sold. When Congress adopted
the GCA in 1968, "the milling equipment, materials needed,
and designs were far too expensive for individuals to make
frearms practically or reliably on their own." 87 Fed. Reg.
24688. With the introduction of new technologies like 3D
printing and reinforced polymers, that is no longer true.
Today, companies are able to make and sell weapon parts
Page Proof Pending Publication
kits that individuals can assemble into functional frearms in
their own homes. Ibid.
These kits vary widely both in how complete they come
and in how much work is required to fnish them. At one
end of the spectrum, a kit may lack essential parts and "re-
quir[e] substantial effort, specialized expertise, uncommon
equipment, and a signifcant amount of time" before anyone
can fre a shot. Brief for Former Acting Chief of ATF Fire-
arms Technology Branch et al. as Amici Curiae 35. At the
other end, some kits "contain all components necessary" for
"a complete pistol" and can be completed in perhaps half an
hour using commonly available tools. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 236a.
Sales of these kits have grown "exponential[ly]." Brief
for Petitioners 2. Home hobbyists enjoy assembling them.
VanDerStock v. Garland, 86 F. 4th 179, 185 (CA5 2023). But
criminals also fnd them attractive. Id., at 195. That is
largely due to how the kits are sold. Some manufacturers
and dealers take the position that weapon parts kits do not
464 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

qualify as "frearms" subject to the GCA. As a result, they
say, they are free to sell their products without obtaining a
federal license, conducting background checks, maintaining
sales records, or marking components with serial numbers.
87 Fed. Reg. 24652.
The upshot? "[P]olice departments around the Nation"
have "confronted an explosion of crimes" involving these
"ghost guns. " Brief for Petitioners 8. In 2017, law-
enforcement agencies submitted about 1,600 ghost guns to
the federal government for tracing. App. to Pet. for Cert.
194a. By 2021, that number jumped to more than 19,000.
Ibid. Efforts to trace the ownership of these weapons, the
government represents, have proven "almost entirely futile."
Brief for Petitioners 8.
B
In 2022, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Ex-
plosives adopted a new rule designed to combat the prolifer-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ation of ghost guns. See 87 Fed. Reg. 24652. In doing so,
the agency invoked authority Congress granted it to pre-
scribe "rules and regulations as are necessary to carry out"
the GCA. 18 U. S. C.. Two provisions in the
agency's new rule are of special relevance here.
The frst addresses weapon parts kits directly. Recall
that (3) extends the GCA's mandates to "frearms," a
term subsection (A) defnes as "any weapon (including a
starter gun) which will or is designed to or may readily be
converted to expel a projectile by the action of an explosive."
In its new rule, ATF interpreted this language to embrace
weapon parts kits "that [are] designed to or may readily be
completed, assembled, restored, or otherwise converted to
expel a projectile by the action of an explosive." 27 CFR.11 (2023) (defning "frearm"). Those who make or sell
kits that satisfy this test, ATF said, must comply with the
GCA by securing federal licenses, conducting background
checks, keeping sales records, and marking their products
with serial numbers. To decide whether a kit "may readily
be converted" into a working gun, ATF added, it will con-
 Cite as: (2025) 465

Opinion of the Court

sider several factors, including the time, ease, expertise, and
equipment required to complete a weapon, as well as the
availability of other necessary parts. Ibid. (defining
"readily").
The second relevant aspect of the agency's new rule con-
cerns a key building block of almost any frearm: its frame
or receiver. Under subsection (B) of (3), "the frame
or receiver of any such weapon" covered by subsection (A)
is itself treated as a "frearm." Effectively, that means a
frame or receiver is, even when sold separately, subject to
the Act's requirements. Presumably, Congress singled out
these components for special treatment because of the spe-
cial role they play in constructing frearms. As the govern-
ment put it in 1968, a frame or receiver is "[t]hat part...
which provides housing for the hammer, bolt or breechblock,
and fring mechanism, and which is usually threaded at its
forward portion to receive the barrel." 33 Fed. Reg. 18558;
accord, 43 Fed. Reg. 13537 (1978) (formerly codifed at 27
Page Proof Pending Publication
CFR.11 (2020)).
In its 2022 rule, ATF sought to expand this defnition.
Now, the agency said, a "frame or receiver" subject to sub-
section (B) of (3), should be understood to encompass
as well "a partially complete, disassembled, or nonfunctional
frame or receiver, including a frame or receiver parts kit,
that is designed to or may readily be completed, assembled,
restored, or otherwise converted to function as a frame or
receiver." 27 CFR.12(c) (defning "frame or receiver").
Still, ATF stressed, the Act and its new rule have their lim-
its. They do not apply until an object has "reached a stage
of manufacture where it is clearly identifable as an unfn-
ished component part of a weapon." Ibid. So, for example,
"a forging, casting, printing, extrusion, unmachined body, or
similar article" does not count. Ibid.1
1
Besides these changes, ATF's new rule included a number of others.
For instance, where the agency's old regulations defned frames and re-
ceivers as those parts housing all of a frearm's key components, 43 Fed.
Reg. 13537, ATF's new rule redefned those terms to include parts housing
466 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

C
Before ATF's new rule took effect and ATF could begin
efforts to enforce its new rule, various gun manufacturers,
at-home gunsmiths, and others fled what they described as
a "facial" challenge under the Administrative Procedure Act
(APA). See, e. g., BlackHawk Mfg. Complaint in No. 22 -- 619
(ND Tex., Oct. 20, 2022), ECF Doc. 99, p. 25. They argued
that the GCA cannot be fairly read to reach weapon parts
kits or unfnished frames or receivers. As a result, the
plaintiffs contended, ATF's regulations in.11 and.12(c) purporting to extend the GCA's mandates to these
products could not be enforced against anyone and had to be
"set aside" as impermissibly issued "in excess of statutory... authority." 5 U. S. C..
At summary judgment, the district court agreed with the
plaintiffs and vacated the agency's new rule. VanDerStok
v. Garland, 680 F. Supp. 3d 741, 766 (ND Tex. 2023). On
Page Proof Pending Publication
appeal, the Fifth Circuit largely affrmed. The court ac-
knowledged that subsection (A) of (3) authorizes ATF
to regulate "weapons" that "may readily be converted to
expel a projectile by the action of an explosive." But, the
court reasoned, that language does not reach weapon parts
kits. Nor does it matter how complete a kit may come or
how easily it may be assembled. As a categorical matter,
the court held, the Act reaches none of them. 86 F. 4th, at
195. The Fifth Circuit offered a similar assessment when it
came to unfnished frames and receivers. Subsection (B) of
(3) permits the agency to regulate "the frame or re-
ceiver of any such weapon" covered by subsection (A). But,
the court held, those terms do not speak to, and thus do not
allow the agency to regulate, unfnished frames and receiv-
ers, no matter how close to completion they may be. Id., at
190. For these reasons, the court of appeals concluded, the
only some key components, see 27 CFR.12(a)(1), (a)(2). But because
the plaintiffs did not challenge that amendment or others in proceedings be-
low, see Brief for Respondent VanDerStok et al. 31, we have no occasion
to pass upon them, see Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005).
 Cite as: (2025) 467

Opinion of the Court

provisions in ATF's new rule addressing weapon parts kits,.11, and unfnished frames and receivers,.12(c),
were facially inconsistent with GCA and thus had to be "set
aside" consistent with the APA, 86 F. 4th, at 195.
The government sought review in this Court. Our inter-
vention was necessary, the government insisted, because the
court of appeals had "adopted an interpretation of the Act
that would effectively nullify its central provisions" and leave
criminals today nearly as free to obtain "untraceable frearms"
as they were before the Act's adoption in 1968. Pet. for Cert.
28. We agreed to hear the case. (2024).
II
As presented to us, this case does not ask us to resolve
whether ATF's new regulations in.11 and.12 may
be lawfully applied to particular weapon parts kits or unfn-
ished frames or receivers. Instead, the plaintiffs have pur-
sued what the lower courts called a "facial" pre-enforcement
Page Proof Pending Publication
challenge to the agency's authority to regulate any weapon
parts kits or unfnished frames or receivers. 680 F. Supp.
3d, at 766; 86 F. 4th, at 186. In a challenge like that, the
government represents, "the possibility that [ATF's regula-
tion] `may be invalid as applied' in some cases `does not mean
that the regulation is facially invalid.' Instead, [the plain-
tiffs'] burden is to show that the Rule itself is inconsistent with
the statute on its face." Brief for Petitioners 27 -- 28 (quot-
ing INS v. National Center for Immigrants' Rights, Inc., (1991); citation omitted (addressing a facial chal-
lenge under the Immigration and Nationality Act)). No-
where in either of their briefs before us do the plaintiffs dis-
pute that assessment. Accordingly, we take it as given for
our purposes here.2
2
The dissents raise a number of questions about what test courts should
apply when a party contends that an agency has acted in excess of its statu-
tory authority in a pre-enforcement challenge under the APA. Post, at
494 -- 496 (opinion of Thomas, J.); post, at 515 -- 516 (opinion of Alito, J.). But
the theories the dissents proceed to advance were not pressed or passed up-
on below, nor did the parties make them before this Court. Cf. post, at 515
468 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

In doing so, we turn frst to the question whether.11's
provisions addressing weapon parts kits are inconsistent on
their face with the GCA. The answer turns on subsection
(A) of (3). There, remember, the GCA authorizes
ATF to regulate "any weapon (including a starter gun) which
will or is designed to or may readily be converted to expel a
projectile by the action of an explosive." Inhering in this
language are two requirements. First, a "weapon" must be
present. Second, that "weapon" must meet one of three cri-
teria: It must be able to expel a projectile by the action of
an explosive, designed to do so, or susceptible of ready con-
version to operate that way. As the Fifth Circuit saw it,.11's provisions addressing weapon parts kits are fa-
cially invalid because no weapon parts kit can ever satisfy
the statute's two requirements. We disagree because, to
our eyes, at least some kits will satisfy both.
A
Page Proof
To appreciate why, Pending
it helps to workPublication
with an example.
Take a weapon parts kit featured prominently in the record
before us: Polymer80's "Buy Build Shoot" kit. It comes
with "all of the necessary components to build" a Glock-
variant semiautomatic pistol. App. to Pet. for Cert. 219a.
And it is so easy to assemble that, in an ATF test, an individ-
ual who had never before encountered the kit was able to
produce a gun from it in 21 minutes using only "common"
tools and instructions found in publicly available YouTube
videos. Id., at 220a. The frst picture below shows the kit;
the second depicts the gun the kit yields.
(opinion of Alito, J.) (suggesting that the Court ask for supplemental
briefng). In these circumstances, we believe the better course is to leave
further analysis of the proper test for another day and address the parties'
dispute as they have chosen to frame it. Nor, on remand, may the parties
seek to inject arguments about the proper test that they did not pursue
here. See Ohio v. Environmental Protection Agency, 
(2024) (forfeiture); Sibbald v. United States, 12 Pet. 488, 492 (1838) (law of
the case); contra, post, at 496 (Thomas, J., dissenting).
 Cite as: (2025) 469

Opinion of the Court

Page Proof Pending Publication

Id., at 232a, 238a.
470 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

Now, assess whether the "Buy Build Shoot" kit meets sub-
section (A)'s two tests, and start with the question whether
Polymer80's offering qualifes as a "weapon." When Con-
gress adopted the GCA in 1968, that term meant what it
means today: "an instrument of offensive or defensive com-
bat [such] as a club, sword, gun, or grenade." Webster's
Third New International Dictionary 2589 (def. 1) (1966); ac-
cord, 1 Concise Oxford Dictionary of Current English 1476
(def. 1) (5th ed. 1964). As a result, ATF's authority under
subsection (A) extends only to instruments of combat, not to
other things like industrial tools or toy guns that may "expel
a projectile by the action of an explosive." It is a feature of
the statute the agency itself has long acknowledged. See 87
Fed. Reg. 24684.
Plainly, the fnished "Buy Build Shoot" kit is an instrument
of combat. No one would confuse the semiautomatic pistol
pictured above with a tool or a toy. Of course, as sold, the
kit requires some assembly. But a number of considerations
Page Proof Pending Publication
persuade us that, even as sold, the "Buy Build Shoot" kit
qualifes as a "weapon."
Consider, frst, a feature of ordinary language. The term
"weapon" is an artifact noun -- a word for a thing created by
humans. Artifact nouns are typically characterized by an
intended function," rather than by some "ineffable `natural
essence.' " S. Grimm & B. Levin, Artifact Nouns: Reference
and Countability, in 2 Proceedings of the Forty-Seventh An-
nual Meeting of the North East Linguistic Society (NELS
47) 55 (2017).3 Refecting as much, everyday speakers some-
times use artifact nouns to refer to unfnished objects -- at
least when their intended function is clear. An author might
invite your opinion on her latest novel, even if she sends you

3
Accord, Brief for Professors and Scholars of Linguistics and Law as
Amici Curiae 6 -- 9; J. Pustejovsky, The Generative Lexicon 97 (1995);
J. Coleman & O. Simchen, "Law," 9 Legal Theory 1, 20 (2003); T. Parsons,
The Progressive in English, 12 Linguistics in Philosophy 213, 225 -- 226
(1989).
 Cite as: (2025) 471

Opinion of the Court

an unfnished manuscript. A friend might speak of the table
he just bought at IKEA, even though hours of assembly re-
main ahead of him. In both cases, the artifact noun fts be-
cause the intended function of the unfnished object is obvi-
ous to speaker and listener alike.
The term weapon can work this way, too. Imagine a rife
disassembled for storage, transport, or cleaning. It may
take time to render the rife useful for combat, but its in-
tended function is clear. And, as a matter of every day
speech, that rife is a weapon, whether disassembled or com-
bat ready. In the same way and for the same reason, an
ordinary speaker might well describe the "Buy Build Shoot"
kit as a "weapon." Yes, perhaps a half hour of work is re-
quired before anyone can fre a shot. But even as sold, the
kit comes with all necessary components, and its intended
function as instrument of combat is obvious. Really, the
kit's name says it all: "Buy Build Shoot."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Next, consider what the statute itself has to say about the
term "weapon." Subsection (A) tells us that the term "in-
clud[es] a starter gun." (3)(A). A starter gun, of
course, normally fres blanks, not bullets, and is usually
found at sporting events, not in combat. See United States
v. Hall, 396 F. 2d 841, 842, (CA4 1968). To be sure, a
starter gun can be converted to live fre using a power tool
commonly available at hardware stores. See United States
v. Mullins, 446 F. 3d 750, 755 (CA8 2006). For someone with
no "specialized knowledge," the process can take "less than
an hour." Ibid. But, notably, the statute teaches that a
starter gun is a "weapon" before anyone invests that work.
All of which indicates that Congress used that term, as an
ordinary speaker might, to embrace some unfnished instru-
ments of combat like Polymer80's product.
Finally, notice another feature of the statute. If Congress
had wanted to regulate only operable frearms, it could have
simply addressed "weapons" that can "expel a projectile by
the action of an explosive." But Congress didn't stop there.
472 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

Instead, Congress explained that a "weapon" also qualifes
for regulation if it is either "designed" to accomplish that
function or capable of being "readily... converted" to do so.
(3)(A). Those latter provisions necessarily contem-
plate that some things short of fully operable frearms will
qualify as "weapons." And if that is true, it is diffcult to
see how the easy-to-assemble "Buy Build Shoot" kit might
not be among them.
Of course, to implicate the Act, not only must a "weapon"
be present. That weapon must meet one of the just-
recounted conditions. At a minimum, that means a weapon
must be capable of being "readily... converted to expel a
projectile by the action of an explosive." Ibid. As we see
it, the "Buy Build Shoot" kit satisfes that test, too.
Begin with what we can glean about the "ready-conversion"
standard from the statute. We know that Congress's direc-
tion that a starter gun is a "weapon" would be pointless un-
Page Proof Pending Publication
less a starter gun satisfes all subsection (A)'s terms. For
the statute to make sense, then, a starter gun must be able
to fre bullets, designed to do so, or capable of ready conver-
sion to operate that way. Generally, however, a starter gun
meets neither of the frst two conditions, for its barrel is
deliberately blocked. See United States v. 16,179 Molso
Italian.22 Caliber Winlee Derringer Convertible Starter
Guns, 443 F. 2d 463, 465 (CA2 1971). That leaves only one
serious possibility: It must be that a starter gun "can
readily be converted to expel projectiles by the action of an
explosive."
That turns out to tell us all we need to know about the
statute's "ready conversion" test. As we have seen, a per-
son without any specialized knowledge can convert a starter
gun into a working frearm using everyday tools in less than
an hour. Mullins, 446 F. 3d, at 755. And measured against
that yardstick, the "Buy Build Shoot" kit can be "readily con-
verted" into a frearm too, for it requires no more time, ef-
fort, expertise, or specialized tools to complete. App. to Pet.
 Cite as: (2025) 473

Opinion of the Court

for Cert. 220a. If the one meets the statutory test, so must
the other.
Admittedly, our reasoning here has its limits. Just be-
cause some kits, like Polymer80's, qualify as "weapons" that
"can readily be converted" into working frearms does not
mean all do. Think of the problem of the heap: Start with
a heap of sand and begin removing grains; at some point, a
heap no longer exists. That problem attends many artifact
nouns. Even when used to capture unfnished products, ar-
tifact nouns generally reach only so far. It would be extrav-
agant to speak of a novel when the author has dashed off
only a few lines. Few would call a pile of unfnished logs
a table. Subsection (A) may present a similar problem.
Weapon parts kits vary widely. See Part I -- A, supra. Not
all come as complete as the "Buy Build Shoot" kit. Some,
too, may require more time, expertise, or specialized tools to
fnish. And at some point a kit may be so incomplete or
cumbersome to assemble that it can no longer fairly be de-
Page Proof Pending Publication
scribed as a "weapon" capable of "read[y]... conver[sion]"
into a working frearm. (3)(A).
While we recognize the problem, this case does not require
us to untangle exactly how far subsection (A) reaches. The
plaintiffs argue only that.11's provision addressing
weapon parts kits is facially inconsistent with the statute.
The Fifth Circuit adopted the same view after coming to the
unqualifed conclusion that weapon parts kits can never sat-
isfy the statute's two tests. To resolve this case, it is enough
to say those assessments are mistaken. Because at least
some weapon parts kits satisfy both of subsection (A)'s tests,.11 is not facially invalid. Future cases may present
other and more diffcult questions about ATF's regulations.
But we take cases as they come and today resolve only the
question posed to us.
B
The plaintiffs dispute little of what we have said. They
admit that artifact nouns sometimes capture unfnished arti-
474 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

cles. Tr. of Oral Arg. 76 -- 77. They recognize that starter
guns qualify as "weapons" even though they require work
before they operate as functional firearms. Brief for
Respondent VanDerStok et al. 34. The plaintiffs concede,
too, that disassembled rifes and guns are "weapons" that can
be "readily... converted" to live fre because they have "all
the parts necessary" for an ordinary person "to put toget-
her a functioning frearm" in short order. Id., at 37.
Really, the plaintiffs fail only to take the next step and ac-
knowledge that the same might be said of some weapon
parts kits.
Given all that, what do the plaintiffs have to say in support
of the Fifth Circuit's conclusion that subsection (A) reaches
no weapon parts kits? Perhaps their best argument centers
on the fact that other statutes address collections of parts
while this one does not. As the plaintiffs observe, Congress
has elsewhere defned a "destructive device" to embrace
Page Proof Pending Publication
"any combination of parts... from which a destructive de-
vice may be readily assembled." (C). Similarly,
Congress has specifed that the terms "frearm silencer"
and "frearm muffer" encompass "any part" or "combination
of parts" used to "assembl[e] or fabricat[e]" those items.
(25); see also Federal Firearms Act of 1938, 52 Stat.
1250 (defning "frearm" to include "any part or parts of
such weapon"). Subsection (A), meanwhile, employs none of
those terms. And because Congress has spoken elsewhere
to collections of frearm parts, the plaintiffs insist, we should
infer this statute does not address parts or kits containing
any combinations of them.
The plaintiffs' conclusion, however, does not follow from
their premise. We do not doubt that subsection (A) sweeps
more narrowly than some other statutes. No one thinks it
reaches every piece or part that can be used to produce a
frearm. Recognizing as much, ATF itself acknowledges
that subsection (A) does not allow it to regulate "standalone
triggers, barrels, stocks, or magazines." Brief for Petition-
 Cite as: (2025) 475

Opinion of the Court

ers 24. Nor, the agency admits, does the statute authorize
it to regulate "weapon parts writ large," without regard
to how complete they come or how diffcult they are to as-
semble. Ibid. But the fact that subsection (A) doesn't go
as far as some other statutes does not tell us how far it does
go. Let alone prove that subsection (A) fails, as a categori-
cal matter, to reach any weapon parts kits.
Faced with that problem, the plaintiffs, joined now by the
dissent, try another tack. They object that weapon parts
kits cannot be "weapons" under subsection (A) because they
lack functional frames or receivers. See Brief for Respond-
ent VanDerStok et al. 35; post, at 507 -- 508 (opinion of
Thomas, J.) (advancing a similar argument). That conclu-
sion rests on two premises: (1) that a "weapon" must have a
fully "functional" frame or receiver, and (2) that no "weapon-
parts kit" includes such a part. Post, at 507 -- 508 (opinion of
Thomas, J.). But neither premise is sound. For one, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
statute nowhere says that a "weapon" must have a fully func-
tional frame or receiver -- nor is it obvious how we might
derive such a rule from its terms. In fact, as we have seen,
subsection (A) reaches any "weapon" that may "readily be
converted" to live fre. (3)(A). And a gun that is
fully operable, save for a frame missing a single and easily-
added screw, would surely ft that description. See Part II -- 
A, supra. For another, even if the statute did require a
"weapon" to have a fully functional frame or receiver, some
weapon parts kits may ft that description. Imagine a kit
identical to Polymer80's in all respects, except that it has
a complete frame. Even the plaintiffs would have to ad-
mit that such a kit would count as a "weapon" under sub-
section (A).
Failing all else, the dissent suggests that other criminal
statutes addressing "frearm[s]" prove that weapon parts kits
cannot fall within the statutory defnition of that term. Post,
at 508 -- 509. So, for example, the dissent observes that Con-
gress has penalized the use of "frearm[s]" during and in rela-
476 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

tion to a "crime of violence,", required "frearm[s]"
to be "unloaded" during transportation, and permit-
ted law-enforcement offcers to carry "concealed frearm[s],". And, the dissent continues, it is "hard to imagine"
how any of those provisions might apply to weapon parts
kits. Post, at 509. As a result, the dissent insists, we
should prefer a reading that limits the term "frearm" to
completely operable guns. Ibid.
This argument suffers at least two problems as well.
First, what the dissent fnds hard to imagine turns out to be
anything but, for various criminal laws addressing frearms
can apply to weapon parts kits. Just consider some of the
laws we have already encountered that require those who
import, manufacturer, or deal in "frearms" to obtain federal
licenses, keep records of their sales, and conduct background
checks., 923(a), (g)(1)(A). Plainly, those criminal
laws can be applied sensibly to weapon parts kits. Or, to
Page Proof Pending Publication
take one of the dissent's own examples, a weapon parts kit
might be "possesse[d]" "in furtherance of " a "crime of vio-
lence" in violation of (1) when an individual accused
of attempted robbery purchases the kit for assembly and use
in an upcoming heist. See Stokeling v. United States, (2019) (holding that a state robbery statute qualifes
as a crime of violence).
Second, the dissent's complaint is hardly resolved by
adopting its view of the statute. The dissent must acknowl-
edge, for example, that standalone "frame[s] or receiver[s]"
and "silencer[s]" qualify as "frearms," for the statute tells
us so expressly. (3). Yet, only rarely would some-
one use a standalone "frame or receiver" during a "crime of
violence,", and it may be impossible to "unloa[d]" a
"silencer" during "transportation,". So whether one
adopts our interpretation or the dissent's, not every "fre-
arm" will be capable of implicating every criminal law dis-
cussing frearms. It's a fact that, if it proves anything,
 Cite as: (2025) 477

Opinion of the Court

proves only that Congress's defnition of "frearm" is a capa-
cious one indeed.4
III
That leaves the question whether ATF's new regulation
addressing unfnished frames and receivers,.12(c), is fa-
cially inconsistent with the GCA. The answer here turns on
subsection (B) of (3). That provision of the statute
permits the agency to regulate the "frame or receiver of any
such weapon." As the Fifth Circuit saw it, this language
reaches only fnished frames or receivers. So those who
make, import, or sell partially complete frames or receivers
may do so free from the GCA's mandates, no matter how
quickly and easily their products can be fnished, and ATF is
powerless to hold otherwise. Once again, the plaintiffs ask
us to endorse that categorical conclusion. And, once again,
we fnd we cannot. The GCA reaches, and permits ATF to
regulate, at least some "partially complete" frames or receiv-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ers..12(c).
4
Separately, the dissent seems to dismiss the possibility that Congress
might use an artifact noun in a way that encompasses incomplete objects.
Post, at 502 -- 503 (opinion of Thomas, J.). But the dissent does not dispute
that our task here, as ever, is to interpret the words Congress enacted
"consistent with their ordinary meaning." Wisconsin Central Ltd. v.
United States, (2018). Nor does the dissent dispute
that ordinary speakers sometimes use artifact nouns to reach incomplete
objects. In fact, the dissent ultimately concedes that even Congress
"might sometimes" do the same. Post, at 503 -- 504, (opinion of
Thomas, J.). At bottom, then, the dissent's only point appears to be that
"traditional methods of statutory interpretation" should guide us in as-
sessing whether Congress meant for a particular artifact noun to reach
incomplete objects. Ibid. On that, we agree. And here, as we have
seen, one of the most traditional tools for discerning statutory meaning -- 
contextual clues found in the pertinent statute itself -- suggest that Con-
gress used the term "weapon" to reach at least some unfnished instruments
of combat. In saying as much, we do not suggest that Congress always
uses artifact nouns to reach incomplete objects -- only that we are per-
suaded it did so here.
478 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

A
Working with another example drawn from the record
helps illustrate why this is so. The frst photograph below
depicts the complete frame of a Glock-variant frearm, the
second a partially complete frame that Polymer80 sells.

Page Proof Pending Publication

App. 259, 263.

The main differences between the completed frame and
Polymer80's product are the plastic tabs circled in red.
Brief for Petitioners 34 -- 35. The record suggests that those
tabs "are easily removable by a person with novice skill,
 Cite as: (2025) 479

Opinion of the Court

using common tools..., within minutes." App. 262. Once
the tabs are gone and a "few holes are drilled for the pins
that hold [other] parts in place -- again, a task that anyone
can complete in minutes -- the Polymer80 product is a fully
functional frame." Brief for Petitioners 35.
A number of reasons persuade us that this qualifes as a
"frame" for purposes of subsection (B). First, like the word
"weapon" in subsection (A), the terms "frame" and "re-
ceiver" in subsection (B) are artifact nouns. And, as artifact
nouns, they may sometimes describe not-yet-complete ob-
jects. Recall the author who refers to her manuscript as a
novel, or your friend who calls his IKEA kit a table. In
much the same way, an ordinary speaker might well call
Polymer80's product a frearm "frame," even though a little
work is required to complete it. Just look again at the sec-
ond photo. What else would you call it?
Next, consider how the GCA uses the words "frame" and
Page Proof Pending Publication
"receiver" elsewhere. Section 923(i) spells out the Act's se-
rialization mandate. It requires those who make or sell
"frearms" to identify their products "by means of a serial
number engraved or cast on the receiver or frame." Though
this directive may seem simple enough, it is complicated
by the fact that the statutory defnition of "frearm" in-
cludes some incomplete "weapon[s]," "muffer[s]," "silenc-
er[s]," and "destructive device[s]." (3). Sometimes,
those items lack a fnished or prototypical frearm frame or
receiver. Yet, all the same, treats them as "fre-
arms" that must have a serial number engraved or cast on
their "frame[s]" or "receiver[s]." And if the words "frame"
and "receiver" encompass some unfnished and unconven-
tional frames or receivers in, it is hard to see how
those same words might bear a more restrictive meaning
when they appear just a few sections away in (3)(B).
See Azar v. Allina Health Services, (2019)
(recounting the usual rule that a word carries the same
meaning throughout a single statute); post, at 505 (Thomas,
480 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

J., dissenting) (admitting that a contrary interpretation re-
quires giving the terms "frame" and "receiver" different
meanings in different places).
Here, too, examples help. Imagine a handgun that is oth-
erwise ready to shoot, but contains Polymer80's incomplete
frame. An ordinary person, using ordinary tools, can fnish
the frame in minutes. App. 262. For reasons explored in
Part II, supra, that gun is a weapon capable of ready conver-
sion into a working frearm under subsection (A). So
requires the gun's "frame" -- the very item that isn't
fully fnished -- to bear a serial number. Along similar lines,
consider silencers. They lack traditional frames, but 
requires manufacturers and importers to serialize them. To
accommodate that instruction, ATF has long deemed the
"outer tube... that provides housing or a structure for the
primary internal component" to be a silencer's "frame or re-
ceiver." 27 CFR.12(b); accord,.92(a)(4)(ii) (sup-
Page Proof Pending Publication
plying directions for "destructive devices"). In all these
ways and more, uses the phrase "frame or receiver"
to reach some unfnished and unconventional frames and re-
ceivers, making it only sensible to think the same phrase
does the same work a few doors away in (3)(B).
The novelty of the plaintiffs' complete-items-only reading
of subsection (B) supplies another strike against it. Without
question, ATF's new rule seeks to regulate a greater variety
of unfnished frames and receivers than the agency has in the
past. But it is equally true that, for decades, the agency has
consistently interpreted subsection (B) to reach some unfn-
ished frames and receivers, including ones no more fnished
than Polymer80's product. See, e. g., ATF, Are "80%" or
"Unfnished" Receivers Illegal? (Apr. 6, 2020), https://www.
atf.gov/frearms/qa/are-"80"-or-"unfnished"-receivers-illegal;
App. 117 -- 118 (2013 guidance); id., at 5, 8, 10 (1990 -- 1994 clas-
sifcation letters); id., at 22 (deeming a frame with additional
"material left on top" to be a "frearm"). And while "courts
must exercise independent judgment in determining the
 Cite as: (2025) 481

Opinion of the Court

meaning of statutory provisions," the contemporary and con-
sistent views of a coordinate branch of government can pro-
vide evidence of the law's meaning. Loper Bright Enter-
prises v. Raimondo, (2024).5
Last but not least, the plaintiffs represent that they have
no "quarrel" with ATF's "prior practice." Tr. of Oral Arg.
59. It is a concession that all but gives the game away. Of
course, the plaintiffs think the agency's new rule reaches fur-
ther than the statute can bear by seeking to regulate some
products too far removed from fnished frames or receivers.
But, for our purposes, what matters is that even the plain-
tiffs do not really insist that subsection (B) reaches only fn-
ished frames and receivers.
Here, again, our reasoning has its limits. In saying that
a product like Polymer80's qualifes as a "frame," we do not
suggest that the GCA reaches, and ATF may regulate, any
combination of parts susceptible of conversion into a frame
or receiver with suffcient time, tools, and expertise. Like
Page Proof Pending Publication
the term "weapon," the artifact nouns "frame" and "re-
ceiver" have their bounds. Some products may be so far from
a fnished frame or receiver that they cannot fairly be de-
scribed using those terms. But this case requires us to ex-
plore none of that. The plaintiffs do not challenge ATF's new
rule as applied to particular products. They argue only that.12 is facially inconsistent with the GCA. And, here
again, we have no trouble rejecting that unqualifed view.
B
Resisting our conclusion on this score, the plaintiffs and
dissent press three main replies.
5
The dissent admits that ATF's prior practice was to "evaluat[e] the
level of completion" when deciding whether an unfnished object was a
"regulable frame or receiver." Post, at 492 (opinion of Thomas, J.). So even if the new rule looks at different evidence in making
that same determination, post, at 499 -- 500, it refects the agency's consist-
ent understanding that subsection (B) reaches some incomplete "frames
or receivers."
482 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

First, they point to a linguistic difference between subsec-
tions (A) and (B). In subsection (A), Congress chose to reg-
ulate "weapons" that "can readily be converted" into operat-
ing frearms. Meanwhile, in subsection (B) Congress spoke
only of "frames or receivers," not parts that "can readily be
converted" into those things. And, as the plaintiffs see it,
that omission counsels against reading subsection (B) to
reach any unfnished frames or receivers. Brief for Re-
spondent VanDerStok et al. 19; see also post, at 498 -- 499
(Thomas, J., dissenting) (making a similar point).
This argument fails to persuade us for a number of familiar
reasons. For one, it does not account for the fact that ordi-
nary speakers sometimes use unadorned artifact nouns like
"weapon," "frame," or "receiver" to reach unfnished articles.
Adopting the plaintiffs' argument would also require us to
read the phrase "frame or receiver" in (3)(B) to
embrace only fnished products, even though 's use
Page Proof Pending Publication
of the same phrase sweeps more broadly. To accept this
argument, we would have to disregard as well the plain-
tiffs' concession that the terms "frame" and "receiver" in
subsection (B) are properly understood, as they have been
long understood, to reach some unfinished frames or
receivers.
Even beyond all that, reading subsection (B) in light of
subsection (A) does more to undermine than to advance the
plaintiffs' cause. Subsection (B) speaks of the "frame or re-
ceiver of any such weapon. " (3)(B). That italicized phrase refers us back to weapons
encompassed by subsection (A). And, as we have seen, the
term "weapon" in subsection (A) encompasses some things
that are not yet ft for effective use in combat, including
starter guns and disassembled rifes, as well as certain
weapon parts kits. Subsection (B) expressly incorporates
that defnition of "weapon." And, if anything, the fact that
Congress used one artifact noun ("weapon") in subsection (B)
to reach some unfnished articles suggests it used two other
 Cite as: (2025) 483

Opinion of the Court

artifact nouns ("frame" and "receiver") in the same way in
the same provision.
Second, the plaintiffs and the dissent contend, our inter-
pretation of subsection (B) could invite a serious unintended
consequence under a separate statute, the National Fire-
arms Act (NFA), ch. 757, 48 Stat. 1236. That law bans the
possession of "machinegun[s]," a term Congress
has defned to include the "frame or receiver" of "any
such weapon." 26 U. S. C.. Interpreting the GCA
to reach some unfnished frames or receivers, the plaintiffs
reason, might lead the government to attempt a similar read-
ing of the NFA. And if the government takes that step,
the plaintiffs suggest, it might next attempt to classify
the receiver of an AR -- 15 rife as a "machinegun" because
it "is possible to convert" those receivers "to function as
machinegun receivers." Brief for Respondent VanDerStok
et al. 15; see also post, at 500 (Thomas, J., dissenting). That
Page Proof Pending Publication
result, the plaintiffs warn, could leave many Americans
facing new and unforeseen criminal liability for possession
of a "machinegun" simply because they own a "popular"
and "commonly available" rifle. Brief for Respon-
dent VanDerStok et al. 22 (Sotomayor, J., dissenting)); 87 Fed.
Reg. 24652.
The plaintiffs' fears are misplaced. The government rep-
resents that AR -- 15 receivers do not "qualify as the re-
ceiver of a machinegun." Reply Brief 11 -- 12. Nor, the gov-
ernment emphasizes, has ATF ever "suggested otherwise."
Ibid. Much the same can be said of our reasoning today.
As we have stressed, a statute's text and context are criti-
cal to determining whether (and to what extent) Con-
gress used an artifact noun to reach unfnished objects.
And, without doubt, the NFA and the GCA are different
statutes passed at different times to address different prob-
lems using different language. Our analysis of the GCA
thus does not begin to suggest that ATF possesses authority
484 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Opinion of the Court

to regulate AR -- 15 receivers as machineguns under
the NFA.
Third, the plaintiffs criticize ATF's rule for permitting the
agency to consider "jigs," "tools," and "instructions" when
deciding whether an incomplete "frame or receiver" is close
enough to the fnished product to fall under subsection (B).
Brief for Respondent VanDerStok et al. 25 -- 26. The dissent
echoes the complaint, offering a photo from the record de-
picting various tools and jigs. See post, at 501 (opinion of
Thomas, J.). But if this is a problem at all, it is one for
another day. As litigated, this case does not call on us to
address what weight, if any, ATF may lawfully give jigs,
tools, and instructions when deciding whether a frame or re-
ceiver is present. This case requires us to answer only
whether subsection (B) reaches some incomplete frames or
receivers. Saying that it does is enough to resolve the dis-
pute before us.
*
Page Proof Pending Publication
The plaintiffs close by asking us to invoke the rule of lenity
or the doctrine of constitutional avoidance to resolve in their
favor any ambiguities about (3). Brief for Respond-
ent VanDerStok et al. 38; see also post, at 511 -- 512 (Thomas,
J., dissenting). But neither lenity nor avoidance has any role
to play where "text, context, and structure" decide the case.
Van Buren v. United States, -- 394 (2021).
And even if ambiguities at the outer boundaries of subsec-
tions (A) and (B) emerge in future disputes involving the
application of those provisions to particular products, no
room for doubt exists about the answer to the question the
parties have posed to us. The GCA embraces, and thus per-
mits ATF to regulate, some weapon parts kits and unfnished
frames or receivers, including those we have discussed. Be-
cause the court of appeals held otherwise, its judgment is
reversed, and the case is remanded for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: (2025) 485

Sotomayor, J., concurring

Justice Sotomayor, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full. I write separately to
address two points raised in the writings that follow. The
frst is a concern that ATF's rule might leave regulated enti-
ties in doubt about when and how to comply with the Gun
Control Act. See post, at 486 (Kavanaugh, J., concurring).
That worry is unfounded.
For more than half a century, frearms dealers, manufac-
turers, and importers have complied with the Gun Control
Act's requirements. They have marked their products with
serial numbers, kept records of frearm sales, and conducted
background checks for prospective buyers. See 18 U. S. C., 923(g)(1)(A), 923(i). These requirements are not
new to the industry, and covered entities know they must
maintain familiarity with the statute and accompanying reg-
ulations to run their businesses. In fact, the Act requires
such entities to obtain federal licenses before selling, manu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
facturing, or importing any firearms in the first place..
What is new is that some manufacturers have sought to
circumvent the Act's requirements by selling easy-to-
assemble frearm kits and frames, which they claim fall outside
the statute's scope. See 87 Fed. Reg. 24652, 24655, 24686
(2022). ATF's rule simply confrms what was already clear:
The Gun Control Act does not tolerate such evasion. Its plain
text covers frearm kits and unfnished frames or receivers
designed for ready conversion, as the Court explains. So,
for entities who seek to comply with the Act in good faith,
ATF's rule should come as no surprise. Nor should it create
any diffculty discerning how to abide by the law.
To the extent any manufacturer has doubts about whether
a particular product qualifes as a covered frearm, moreover,
it can eliminate uncertainty by seeking clarifcation from the
agency. ATF encourages manufacturers to submit poten-
tially covered products to the agency for classifcation deci-
sions. See Brief for Petitioners 5 ); 27 CFR.92(c) (2023). Manufac-
turers have long taken advantage of that process, see, e. g.,
App. 8, 10 -- 12, 21 -- 22, 50 -- 52, 53 -- 54, and a failure to do so
might suggest willfulness on their part.
The second point I address is the suggestion that the Act
permits ATF to regulate only "all-but-assembled" weapon
parts kits and frames "as close to completion as possible."
Post, at 513 (Alito, J., dissenting). The Court's opinion
speaks for itself on that point and others. I encourage read-
ers to go to the source, rather than rely on dissents, to under-
stand what the Court holds. See ante, at 467, 471 -- 472, 478,
480 -- 482, 484. It is the Court's ruling, not the one set forth
by the dissents, that binds the lower courts.

Justice Kavanaugh, concurring.

Page Proof Pending Publication
I join the Court's opinion in full. I add this concurrence
to briefy address mens rea issues with respect to ATF's
2022 rule.
Under ATF's rule, an individual or business acting in good
faith might nonetheless have substantial diffculty determin-
ing when weapon parts kits or unfnished frames or receivers
qualify as frearms -- and thereby become subject to the Gun
Control Act's licensing, recordkeeping, serialization, and
background-check requirements. Some weapon parts kits
and unfnished frames or receivers may qualify as frearms,
and others may not. See ante, at 473, 481. The line is not
entirely clear. Despite the vagueness of the line, the penal-
ties for violations are signifcant and can include fnes and
imprisonment. See 18 U. S. C..
But importantly, under the Gun Control Act, someone can
be penalized for violating the licensing, recordkeeping, or se-
rialization requirements only if he does so "willfully."
(1)(D). To prove "willfulness," the Government
 Cite as: (2025) 487

Jackson, J., concurring

must demonstrate that an individual knew that his conduct
was unlawful, not merely that he knew the facts that made
his conduct unlawful. Bryan v. United States, -- 196 (1998). Therefore, with respect to ATF's rule, the
"willfulness" requirement should help prevent the Govern-
ment from unfairly penalizing an individual who is not aware
that his conduct violates the law.
As to background-check violations, by contrast, the statute
penalizes violations committed "knowingly. ",
924(a)(5). The "knowingly" mens rea requires "proof of
knowledge of the facts that constitute the offense." Id., at
193. Unlike the "willfully" mens rea, it generally does not
require knowledge that the conduct was unlawful. See id.,
at 192 -- 193. That lesser "knowingly" mens rea requirement
could therefore create concerns about fair notice, at least in
certain cases. See Wooden v. United States, (2022) (Kavanaugh, J., concurring).
Page Proof Pending Publication
That said, at oral argument, the Government represented
that it would "likely" decline to "charge someone" for a
background-check violation in the "kind of situation" where
the individual was not aware that he was violating the law.
Tr. of Oral Arg. 46 -- 47. As the Government seemed to rec-
ognize, if the Government were to charge a background-
check violation against an individual who was unaware that
he was violating the law, that defendant might have a due
process argument based on lack of fair notice. I expect that
the Government will seek to avoid that potential fair-notice
problem by adhering to its oral-argument representation
that it would likely decline to bring charges in those
circumstances.

Justice Jackson, concurring.
To me, the nature of the claim at issue in this case makes
its resolution quite straightforward. No one disputes that
Congress delegated rulemaking authority to the Executive
488 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

Branch through the Gun Control Act of 1968, as amended.
See 18 U. S. C.. Nor is it contested that the Bureau
of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, an Executive
Branch agency, relied on that delegated authority to pro-
mulgate the challenged rule. Before us, respondents
claim only that portions of the resulting rule exceed the
agency's statutory authority. See 5 U. S. C. (C).
Our judicial charge, then, is to evaluate the scope of the
Gun Control Act's delegation of authority to the agency,
and to determine whether the agency's actions trans-
gressed those bounds. That limited exercise should be
dispositive.
Proper excess-of-authority review must focus on actual
statutory boundaries, not on whether the agency's discre-
tionary choices overlap precisely with what we, as unelected
judges, would have done if we were standing in the agency's
shoes. And where, as here, the statute's boundaries do not
foreclose the agency's action, the excess-of-authority claim
Page Proof Pending Publication
should meet its end. I concur because I read the Court's
opinion to be consistent with this view.

Justice Thomas, dissenting.
The Government asked this Court just last Term to " `re-
write' " statutory text so that it could regulate semiauto-
matic weapons as machineguns. Garland v. Cargill, (2024). We declined to do so. The Govern-
ment now asks us to rewrite statutory text so that it can
regulate weapon-parts kits. This time, the Court obliges.
I would not. The statutory terms "frame" and "receiver"
do not cover the unfnished frames and receivers contained
in weapon-parts kits, and weapon-parts kits themselves do
not meet the statutory defnition of "frearm." That should
end the case. The majority instead blesses the Govern-
ment's overreach based on a series of errors regarding both
the standard of review and the interpretation of the statute.
I respectfully dissent.
 Cite as: (2025) 489

Thomas, J., dissenting

I
A
In 1934, Congress enacted the National Firearms Act
(NFA), the frst federal statute to regulate the frearms in-
dustry. Congress enacted this statute to "provide for the
taxation of manufacturers, importers, and dealers in certain
frearms and machine guns, to tax the sale or other disposal
of such weapons, and to restrict importation and regulate
interstate transportation thereof." Ch. 757, 48 Stat. 1236.
The NFA defned "frearm" narrowly. The term covered
only certain short-barreled shotguns or rifes, machineguns,
and silencers or muffers. Ibid. Congress broadened that
defnition four years later through the Federal Firearms Act
of 1938 (FFA), defning "frearm" to include "any weapon...
designed to expel a projectile or projectiles by the action of
an explosive... or any part or parts of such weapon." 52
Stat. 1250. With minor amendments not
Page Proof Pending Publication
relevant here, that defnition endured for about 30 years.
In 1968, Congress replaced the FFA with the Gun Control
Act (GCA). The GCA, which remains in effect today, is the
principal federal law regulating the commercial frearm mar-
ket. See Pub. L. 90 -- 618, 82 Stat. 1213. It requires manu-
facturers and dealers of frearms to have a federal license,
and, in most cases, to conduct background checks, maintain
records, and apply serial numbers to their frearms. See 18
U. S. C. and 923(a), (g)(1)(A), and (i). The GCA also
imposes criminal sanctions for a variety of well-known fre-
arms offenses. See, e. g., (prohibiting large swaths
of people from shipping, transporting, possessing, or receiv-
ing a "frearm"); (providing a sentencing enhance-
ment for persons who carry a "frearm" during crimes of
violence or drug-traffcking crimes).
The GCA sets forth a narrower defnition of "frearm" than
the FFA did. Its defnition, which governs all of "Chapter
44 -- Firearms," -- 934, states that a "frearm" is:
490 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

"(A) any weapon (including a starter gun) which will or
is designed to or may readily be converted to expel a
projectile by the action of an explosive; (B) the frame or
receiver of any such weapon; (C) any frearm muffer or
frearm silencer; or (D) any destructive device. Such
term does not include an antique frearm." (3).
Whereas the FFA had treated "any part or parts" of a
frearm as a regulable frearm, the GCA deems only a fre-
arm's "frame or receiver" to be frearm parts that qualify as
a frearm in their own right. (3)(B).
Congress left the terms "frame" and "receiver" undefned.
See. Shortly after the GCA's enactment, the Bureau
of Alcohol and Tobacco Tax Division1 promulgated a regula-
tion defning "frame or receiver" as "[t]hat part of a frearm
which provides housing for the hammer, bolt or breechblock,
and fring mechanism, and which is usually threaded at its
forward portion to receive the barrel." 33 Fed. Reg. 18558
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1968) (emphasis deleted).2
That regulatory defnition made sense. At the time of the
GCA's enactment, the term "frame" was generally under-
stood to mean "the basic structure and principal component
of a frearm." C. Mueller & J. Olson, Small Arms Lexicon
and Concise Encyclopedia 87 (1968) (Olson's). And, the term
"receiver" was generally understood to mean the "part of a
gun that houses the breech action and fring mechanism."
Id., at 168. Thus, ATF's initial defnition of "frame or re-
ceiver" accorded with the terms' ordinary meanings. See
33 Fed. Reg. 18558 ("[t]hat part of a frearm which provides
1
The Bureau of Alcohol and Tobacco Tax Division was the predecessor
entity to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF).
For the remainder of this opinion, I refer to the relevant agency at any
time as "ATF."
2
The GCA authorizes the Attorney General to "prescribe only such
rules and regulations as are necessary to carry out" the statute. 18
U. S. C.. The Attorney General has delegated this authority to
ATF. See 28 CFR.130(a) (2023).
 Cite as: (2025) 491

Thomas, J., dissenting

housing for the hammer, bolt or breechblock, and fring
mechanism").
ATF's defnition also aligned with the GCA, because for
"any weapon" to "expel a projectile by the action of an explo-
sive," (3)(A), the weapon must have both a mecha-
nism that will initiate that explosion and a way to seal the
fring chamber. In other words, the weapon must have a
"frame" or "receiver." See Olson's 87, 168. Thus, by defn-
ing frame or receiver as the parts of a gun that provide
"housing for the hammer, bolt or breechblock, and fring
mechanism," 33 Fed. Reg. 18558, ATF's initial defnition ft
neatly into the statutory scheme. This understanding of
"frame" and "receiver" governed for over 50 years.
But, ATF recently changed course, in an effort to regulate
so-called ghost guns -- i.e., privately made frearms built from
kits or collections of unfnished parts. To tackle what it per-
ceived to be the "homeland security threat" posed by the
Page Proof Pending Publication
"wide availability of ghost guns," the agency promulgated a
rule redefning "frearm," "frame," and "receiver." Defni-
tion of "Frame or Receiver" and Identifcation of Firearms,
87 Fed. Reg. 24652, 24658 (2022) (Rule). Without any change to the statute, this
Rule expanded the regulatory defnition of "frearm" to in-
clude "a weapon parts kit that is designed to or may readily
be completed, assembled, restored, or otherwise converted
to expel a projectile by the action of an explosive." 27 CFR.11 (2023). It also broadened the defnition of "frame
or receiver" to include "a partially complete, disassembled,
or nonfunctional frame or receiver, including a frame or
receiver parts kit, that is designed to or may readily be com-
pleted, assembled, restored, or otherwise converted to func-
tion as a frame or receiver.".12(c).
One of the Rule's critical innovations is the manner in
which it allows ATF to determine whether an object is
"clearly identifable" -- and thus regulable -- as an unfnished
frame or receiver:
492 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

"When issuing a classifcation, the Director may consider
any associated templates, jigs, molds, equipment, tools,
instructions, guides, or marketing materials that are
sold, distributed, or possessed with the item or kit, or
otherwise made available by the seller or distributor of
the item or kit to the purchaser or recipient of the item
or kit." Ibid.

"Prior to this rule, ATF did not examine templates, jigs, or
other items and materials in determining whether partially
complete frames or receivers were `firearms' under the
GCA." 87 Fed. Reg. 24668; see also Tr. of Oral Arg. 39 -- 
40 (acknowledging the change). Instead, ATF looked to the
object itself to determine whether it was sufficiently com-
plete to constitute a regulable frame or receiver. See, e. g.,
App. 23 (2004 guidance letter from ATF explaining that the
agency "evaluates the level of completion of the submitted
Page Proof Pending Publication
sample... and makes a comparison with a sample of a com-
pleted firearm of the same type"). The new definition, how-
ever, expanded the meaning of "frame" and "receiver" to in-
corporate items entirely separate from the object itself.
According to ATF, whether an unusable, unfinished piece of
metal constitutes a regulable "frame or receiver" can turn
on a manufacturer's "marketing materials." 87 Fed. Reg.
24668.
ATF offered one meager limit on its broad, new defnitions:
Under the Rule, "raw material," such as an "unformed block
of metal" or "liquid polymer," will not constitute a regulable
frame or receiver. 27 CFR.12(c).

B
Before the Rule took effect, a group of individuals and
manufacturers of weapon-parts kits fled a petition for re-
view challenging the Rule's new defnitions of "frame or re-
ceiver" and "frearm." As relevant here, the plaintiffs al-
leged that the Rule exceeded ATF's "statutory jurisdiction,
 Cite as: (2025) 493

Thomas, J., dissenting

authority, or limitations" under the Administrative Proce-
dure Act (APA), 5 U. S. C. (C). See Amended Peti-
tion for Judicial Review of Agency Action and Request for
Declaratory Judgment and Injunctive Relief in No. 4:22 -- cv -- 
691 (ND Tex., Oct. 5, 2022), ECF Doc. 93, p. 42 (alleging
Rule's expansive defnitions provided ATF "new, additional
authority in excess of that proposed, considered, debated, or
passed by Congress").
The District Court granted summary judgment to the
plaintiffs and vacated the Rule. VanDerStok v. Garland,
680 F. Supp. 3d 741 (ND Tex. 2023). The Fifth Circuit af-
frmed in relevant part. VanDerStok v. Garland, 86 F. 4th
179 (2023). It held that ATF's redefnition of "frame or re-
ceiver" was an "impermissible extension of the statutory
text," id., at 189, and that the agency's attempt to redefne
"frearm" to include a weapon-parts kit "stretche[d] the [stat-
ute's] words too far," id., at 192. The Government's effort
"to justify its unprecedented expansion of the GCA," the
Page Proof Pending Publication
court explained, "collapses upon a cursory reading of the
text." Id., at 193.
Judge Oldham wrote separately to highlight the "stagger-
ing" implications of ATF's new position, particularly with
respect to the AR -- 15, "the most popular rife in America."
Id., at 208 (concurring opinion). Observing that the Rule
regulates frames and receivers according to what they might
become rather than what they are, and that an AR -- 15's semi-
automatic receiver can " `readily be converted' " into a fully
automatic receiver with relative ease, he concluded that, on
ATF's logic, the Government may regulate AR -- 15s as ma-
chineguns. Id., at 207 -- 208. If ATF were correct, Judge
Oldham cautioned, "then millions and millions of Americans
would be felons-in-waiting." Id., at 208.
This Court granted certiorari to decide two questions:
whether the Rule's new defnition for frames and receivers
fts within the statutory defnition of "frame or receiver"
under the GCA, see (3)(B); and whether the statutory
term "frearm" can cover weapon-parts kits.
494 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

II
Before turning to the questions presented, a threshold
issue is the applicable legal standard for analyzing the plain-
tiffs' APA challenge. Applying traditional principles of
statutory interpretation, the Fifth Circuit asked whether the
Rule "conficts with the plain language of the GCA" or
"cast[s] a wider net than Congress intended." 86 F. 4th, at
190, 194. We took this case to determine whether the Fifth
Circuit was correct to answer "yes." I would undertake the
same inquiry as the Fifth Circuit and ask only whether the
Rule contravenes "clear statutory text" or otherwise "ex-
ceeds the [GCA's] legislatively-imposed limits on agency au-
thority." Id., at 182.
The majority takes a different approach. Asserting that
the plaintiffs conceded to having brought a " `facial' " chal-
lenge, the Court "take[s]" this characterization "as given,"
and analyzes the challenge as a facial attack.3 Ante, at 467.
Page Proof Pending Publication
In particular, the Court assumes, arguendo, that the regula-
tory defnitions are valid so long as they cover "at least some
weapon parts kits." Ante, at 473. This approach superf-
cially appears to apply a framework similar to that of United
States v. Salerno, (1987). There, the Court
explained that, to prevail in a "facial challenge" to a statute,
the challenger must establish that "no set of circumstances
exists under which the Act would be valid." Id., at 745.
This approach seems plainly inapt in a challenge to a regu-
latory defnition. "To `defne' is... `to settle' or `to establish
or prescribe authoritatively.' " Puerto Rico v. Franklin Cal.

3
While the Government characterized the plaintiffs' lawsuit as a facial
challenge in passing, see ante, at 467, the parties did not seriously litigate
the relevant standard, see post, at 514 -- 515 (Alito, J., dissenting). And,
at oral argument, plaintiffs' counsel appeared to endorse a standard simi-
lar to the one that the Fifth Circuit applied. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 80
(arguing that ATF would have "gone beyond their authority" by defning
"frame or receiver" to "include items that may readily be converted to
frames or receivers").
 Cite as: (2025) 495

Thomas, J., dissenting

Tax-Free Trust, (2016) ); see also id., at 534 (12th
ed. 2024) (equating "defne" with "To state or explain explic-
itly"; "[t]o fx or establish (boundaries or limits)"; and "[t]o
set forth the meaning of (a word or phrase)"). The point of
defning a term in a regulation is therefore to show what
the law permits and what it prohibits. But, a regulatory
defnition that is accurate in only a single valid application
cannot possibly "explain explicitly," "fx or establish," or "set
forth the meaning" of a statutory term. Id., at 534.
Consider a hypothetical statute that defnes "motorcycle"
as "a motor-powered, two-wheeled vehicle with pedals." If
a regulatory defnition copied the same language, and then
added that "the term shall include any motorized vehicle,"
the regulatory defnition obviously would be wrong. Not
every motorized vehicle is a motorcycle, and the fact that
some motorized vehicles happen to be motor-powered, two-
Page Proof Pending Publication
wheeled vehicles with pedals does not suggest otherwise.
It is diffcult to see how an overbroad regulatory defnition
becomes defensible simply because some set of circumstances
exists in which the regulatory defnition overlaps with the
statutory defnition.4

4
Dissenting in Babbitt v. Sweet Home Chapter, Communities for Great
Ore., (1995), Justice Scalia criticized the application of a simi-
lar standard as "unprecedented" in the context of challenges to regulatory
defnitions. Id., at 731. Using an example of a statute prohibiting " `pre-
meditated killing of a human being,' " Justice Scalia explained that a chal-
lenge to an implementing regulation that prohibits " `killing a human
being' " "would not be rejected on the ground that, after all, it could be
applied to a killing that happened to be premeditated." Id., at 731 -- 732.
"It could not be applied to such a killing, because it does not require the
factfnder to fnd premeditation, as the statute requires." Id., at 732. In
other words, the regulatory defnition would be unlawful in every applica-
tion because it allows the factfnder to determine liability without meeting
the statute's requirements. A regulatory defnition that incorporates
terms exceeding the statutory text creates a similar problem, as it permits
liability based on elements outside the statute's scope.
496 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

Treating challenges to regulatory defnitions as "facial
challenges" has substantial implications. If a regulatory
defnition survives APA challenge so long as just one item it
covers also happens to be covered by the statute it purports
to interpret, it is diffcult to understand how an agency would
ever promulgate an invalid defnition. So long as it imports
the defnition Congress laid out in the statute, the agency
can sweep in whatever additional conduct it wishes. No
matter how far the agency expands its regulatory defnition,
the statutory defnition inevitably will capture at least some
of it.
To its credit, the majority attempts to confne the effects of
its approach to the facts of this case. Because the majority
assumes the relevant legal standard without deciding it, it
refrains from mandating this framework. Rather, it rests
on its conclusion that the plaintiffs essentially conceded that
the facial-challenge standard applies, and it takes the appli-
cation of that standard "as given" for this case only. Ante,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 467; see ante, at 468, ("[W]e believe the better course
is to leave further analysis of the proper test for another day
and address the parties' dispute as they have chosen to frame
it"). So long as lower courts do not equate an APA chal-
lenge with a "facial" one, they are free to disregard the ma-
jority's analysis and hold that the Rule exceeds ATF's statu-
tory authority.5

5
Although the majority avoids settling whether the framework in
United States v. Salerno, (1987), is appropriate for regulatory
challenges in the APA context, the Court may one day have to decide
this important question. This Court has at least occasionally applied the
Salerno framework in regulatory challenges. See, e. g., Reno v. Flores,
(1993); INS v. National Center for Immigrants' Rights,
Inc., (1991). But, as Justice Alito observes, "neither
decision explained why the Salerno rule should be extended in that way."
Post, at 515 (dissenting opinion). If a regulation is so overbroad that it
has only a single valid application, it would seem plainly "arbitrary" or
"capricious" under the APA, 5 U. S. C. (A), making a Salerno-like
inquiry inapposite. Perhaps the majority's analysis would differ if it were
 Cite as: (2025) 497

Thomas, J., dissenting

III
As for the questions presented, start with the question
whether the Rule's new defnition for frames and receivers
can stand. Ordinary principles of statutory interpretation
make plain that the Rule sweeps too far: The terms "frame"
and "receiver" in (3)(B) do not cover "partially com-
plete, disassembled, or nonfunctional frame[s] or receiver[s]."
27 CFR.12(c). The majority reaches a different conclu-
sion based on several interpretive errors. Most notably, the
majority proceeds under the faulty premise that our stand-
ard rules of statutory interpretation do not apply to "a word
for a thing created by humans." Ante, at 470.

A
"In statutory interpretation disputes, a court's proper
starting point lies in a careful examination of the ordinary
meaning and structure of the law itself." Food Marketing
Page Proof Pending Publication
Institute v. Argus Leader Media, (2019).
As relevant here, (3) defnes "frearm" to include "(A)
any weapon (including a starter gun) which will or is de-
signed to or may readily be converted to expel a projectile
by the action of an explosive," and "(B) the frame or receiver
of any such weapon." Because the GCA defnes neither
"frame" nor "receiver," " `we give [each] term its ordinary
meaning.' " Encino Motorcars, LLC v. Navarro, (2018).
The parties agree that, in 1968, the terms "frame" and "re-
ceiver" were understood to refer to " `the basic structure and
principal component of a frearm,' " and "the `part of a gun
that houses the breech action and fring mechanism.' " Brief

asking whether the Rule was arbitrary and capricious rather than whether
it was " `in excess of statutory... authority.' " Ante, at 466. But, be-
cause the majority's approach is untenable for the reasons explained in
this opinion, I leave the broader question of Salerno's applicability in the
APA context for another day.
498 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

for Petitioners 32 ; Brief for Re-
spondent VanDerStok et al. 7 (same). But, ATF's Rule con-
ficts with this accepted meaning in at least two ways.
First, it defnes "frame or receiver" to include objects that
are not frames or receivers, but that may be "converted" into
them in the future. 27 CFR.12(c). Second, it permits
ATF to deem an object a frame or receiver based on "mar-
keting materials" and other materials merely associated with
it. Ibid.
1
The ordinary meaning of "frame or receiver" does not in-
clude objects that may be "converted" into a frame or re-
ceiver. Ibid. As the Government itself admits, the word
" `convert' " means " `[t]o change into another form, sub-
stance, state, or product; transform; transmute.' " Brief for
Petitioners 19 -- 20 ). If an object can become a frame or receiver
Page Proof Pending Publication
only after it is "change[d] into another form, substance, state,
or product," it is diffcult to understand how the object can
be considered a frame or receiver even before the change
occurs. Ibid. As the Fifth Circuit put it, "a part cannot be
both not yet a receiver and a receiver at the same time." 86
F. 4th, at 190.
The structure of (3) confrms that objects that are
not yet frames or receivers do not meet the statutory defni-
tion of "frame or receiver." (3)(B). Subsection (A)
of (3) covers weapons that are not yet functional guns
but that "may readily be converted" into them. And, the
statute makes clear that subsections (C) (muffers and silenc-
ers) and (D) (destructive devices), also cover more than fn-
ished, operable products. See (25) (defning "muf-
fer" and "silencer" to include "any combination of parts...
for use in assembling" such objects); (4)(C) (defning
"destructive device" to include any "combination of parts"
for "converting any device into any destructive device" de-
scribed in the statute and "from which a destructive device
 Cite as: (2025) 499

Thomas, J., dissenting

may be readily assembled"). In contrast, subsection (B)
covers only a weapon's "frame or receiver."
"[W]hen Congress includes particular language in one sec-
tion of a statute but omits it in another section of the same
Act, it is generally presumed that Congress acts intention-
ally and purposely in the disparate inclusion or exclusion."
Barnhart v. Sigmon Coal Co., (2002) (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). This principle holds particu-
lar force here, where Congress applied broadening language
to the subject matter of every subsection in (3) except
for subsection (B). Yet, in defning "frame" and "receiver"
to include objects that "may readily be completed, assem-
bled, restored, or otherwise converted to function as a frame
or receiver," 27 CFR.12(c), the Rule transplants the
"readily be converted" and "assembled" concepts from sub-
sections (A), (C), and (D) into subsection (B) -- the very provi-
sion from which Congress omitted them.
The straightforward reading of (3) is the correct
Page Proof Pending Publication
one: Subsection (B)'s omission of the readily converted and
readily assembled concepts means that a "frame or receiver"
does not include objects that are not yet frames or receivers.
And, until promulgating the Rule, ATF agreed with this
understanding:
"Importantly, the `designed to' and `readily be con-
verted' language are only present in the frst clause
of the statutory defnition. Therefore, an unfnished
frame or receiver does not meet the statutory defnition
of `frearm' simply because it is `designed to' or `can
readily be converted into' a frame or receiver. Instead,
a device is a frearm either: (1) because it is a frame or
receiver or; (2) it is a device that is designed to or can
readily be converted into a device that `expel[s] a projec-
tile by the action of an explosive.' " Memorandum of
Law in Syracuse v. ATF, No. 1:20 -- cv -- 06885 (SDNY, Jan.
29, 2021), ECF Doc. 98, p. 14 (Brief for ATF) (citation
omitted).
500 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

See also id., at 36 -- 39 (explaining why "An Unmachined
Frame or Receiver Cannot Be Readily Converted Into a De-
vice that Expels a Projectile"). ATF was right the frst
time.
Tellingly, ATF's new interpretation seems to invite "stag-
gering" consequences. 86 F. 4th, at 208 (Oldham, J., concur-
ring). The NFA defnes " `machinegun' " as "any weapon
which shoots... automatically more than one shot, without
manual reloading, by a single function of the trigger," and
"include[s]" in that defnition "the frame or receiver of any
such weapon." 26 U. S. C.. ATF has defned
"frame or receiver" in the NFA to "have the same meaning
as in.12" -- the provision that defnes those terms under
the GCA. 27 CFR.11. And, although an unmodifed
AR -- 15 is a semiautomatic weapon, "every single AR -- 15 can
be converted to a machinegun using cheap, fimsy pieces of
metal -- including coat hangers." 86 F. 4th, at 208 (Old-
ham, J., concurring).
Page Proof Pending Publication
If an object already is what it may be converted into, 27
CFR.12(c), then semiautomatic AR -- 15s would seem to
be partially complete, automatic machineguns. This reason-
ing exposes the manufacturers, sellers, and owners of AR -- 
15s to criminal liability under the NFA. See 26 U. S. C., 5871. But, Congress does not "hide elephants in
mouseholes." Whitman v. American Trucking Assns., Inc.,
(2001). An interpretive approach that
would allow ATF to regulate the most popular semiauto-
matic rife in America under a statute addressing automatic
machineguns should give us pause. Cf. Dubin v. United
States, (2023) ("Time and again, this Court
has prudently avoided reading incongruous breadth into
opaque language in criminal statutes").

2
The Rule's defnitions of "frame" and "receiver" also con-
travene ordinary meaning by allowing ATF to classify ob-
 Cite as: (2025) 501

Thomas, J., dissenting

jects as frames or receivers based on criteria other than
the object's physical characteristics. Under the Rule, any
"tools, instructions, guides, or marketing materials" that are
"made available by the seller" can convert an unregulated
piece of metal into a regulated "frame or receiver." 27 CFR.12(c). Put another way, the mere presence of things
distinct from the object at issue can somehow transform the
character of the object itself.

Page Proof Pending Publication

Figure 1. See Dept. of Justice, ATF, Open Letter to All Federal Firearms
Licensees 3, 6 (Sept. 27, 2022), https://www.atf.gov/frearms/docs/open-
letter/all-ffls-september-2022-impact-final-rule-2021-05f-partially-
complete-ar/download.

Figure 1, supra, illustrates the Rule in action. Both im-
ages in Figure 1 depict unfnished receivers. Both lack ma-
chining and indexing in the key areas. The only difference
502 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

is the presence of a jig and drill bits. Yet, according to the
Rule, these extraneous items make an unfnished receiver a
regulable frearm.
The presence of items such as jigs or "marketing materi-
als" -- that are not, and never could be, part of a frame or
receiver -- has no bearing on whether a piece of metal or plas-
tic constitutes "the basic structure and principal component
of a frearm." Olson's 87. Because those extrinsic items
have no impact on the ordinary meanings of "frame" or "re-
ceiver," the regulatory defnition exceeds statutory text by
using such items to expand the scope of those statutory
terms. Cf. Encino Motorcars, 584 U. S., at 85 (an undefned
statutory term receives its ordinary meaning).

B
The majority leaves the issue of extrinsic objects for an-
other day, deeming the issue irrelevant under its question-
able facial-challenge standard. Ante, at 484. The majority
Page Proof Pending Publication
thus defends only the Rule's coverage of items that may
become frames or receivers. To do so, it substitutes novel
linguistic labels for traditional statutory interpretation; mis-
takes outlier defnitions for exemplars; and improperly im-
ports attributes of one provision into another.

1
The majority's statutory analysis deviates dramatically
from the "careful examination of the ordinary meaning and
structure of the law itself " that is typically at the core of
this Court's interpretive approach. Food Marketing Insti-
tute, 588 U. S., at 436. Drawing heavily from an amicus
brief and an academic paper,6 the majority asserts that "the
6
See Brief for Professors and Scholars of Linguistics and Law as Amici
Curiae; S. Grimm & B. Levin, Artifact Nouns: Reference and Countability,
in 2 Proceedings of the Forty-Seventh Annual Meeting of the North East
Linguistic Society 55 (2017) (Grimm).
 Cite as: (2025) 503

Thomas, J., dissenting

terms `frame' and `receiver' in subsection (B) are artifact
nouns," ante, at 479 -- that is, they are words for "thing[s]
created by humans," ante, at 470. The majority argues that
this type of noun is fexible enough to encompass unfnished
objects. It explains that, in casual conversation, one might
refer to an artifact noun such as an "unfnished manuscript"
as a "novel," or an unassembled piece of furniture from
IKEA as a "table." Ante, at 470 -- 471. Thus, the majority
argues, a "frame" or "receiver" "may sometimes describe
not-yet-complete" frames or receivers. Ante, at 479.
It is beside the point whether, in casual conversation, some
people might use "a word for a thing created by humans" to
discuss unfnished versions of that "thing." Ante, at 470.
"In statutory drafting, where precision is both important and
expected, the sort of colloquial usage on which the [majority]
relies is not customary." Allison Engine Co. v. United
States ex rel. Sanders, (2008). We have
expressly "presumed" that Congress does not "draft its
Page Proof Pending Publication
laws" with the informality of "casual conversation." Arca-
dia v. Ohio Power Co., (1990).
Thus, we must evaluate the Rule's redefnition of "frame"
and "receiver " based on the GCA's "entire statutory
scheme," Winkelman v. Parma City School Dist., (2007), not the " `stereotypical' conversational back-
ground" on which the majority relies, Grimm 58. That
scheme -- as refected in the GCA's text, context, and struc-
ture -- confrms that unfnished objects in a weapon-parts kit
do not meet (3)(B)'s terms. Supra, at 497 -- 502.
Dressing up colloquial usage with the "artifact noun" label
cannot override this conclusion.7

7
The majority suggests that I "dismiss the possibility that Congress
might use an artifact noun in a way that encompasses incomplete objects,"
and then defends its reliance on the artifact noun as just another way to
discern a statute's " `ordinary meaning.' " Ante, at 477,. I do not
doubt that Congress might sometimes intend to describe an incomplete
504 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

2
The majority further argues that, because " uses
the phrase `frame or receiver' to reach some unfnished and
unconventional frames and receivers," such as the "frame"
or "receiver" of a muffer or silencer, it is reasonable to inter-
pret (3)(B) to also cover unusual frames or receivers.
Ante, at 479 -- 480. The majority's conclusion does not follow
its premise.
Section 921(a)(3)(C) defnes a frearm to include "any fre-
arm muffer or frearm silencer." Section 923(i) requires
licensed importers and manufacturers to place a serial
number on a frearm's "receiver or frame." To reconcile
(3)(C) with 's requirement, muffers and silenc-
ers must have a "receiver or frame" even though they do not
as a matter of ordinary meaning. Thus, by regulation, ATF
deems a muffer's or silencer's "outer tube or modular piece"
to be its "frame or receiver." 27 CFR.12(b).
Page Proof Pending Publication
In the context of muffers and silencers, the terms "frame"
and "receiver" have context-specifc meanings that cannot be
generalized to other provisions in Chapter 44. As ATF ex-
plained, "[u]nder the GCA, licensed manufacturers and im-
porters must identify the frame or receiver of each frearm,
including a frearm muffer or silencer, with a serial number

object with "a word for a thing created by humans," ante, at 470, or that
courts may legitimately give effect to that intent. But, my point is that
when courts determine whether a word refers to an incomplete or fnished
object, they apply traditional methods of statutory interpretation to ascer-
tain what "Congress intended to cover and did cover" in the relevant stat-
utes, United States v. Citroen, (1912), not what "[a]
friend" might have meant in casual conversation, ante, at 471. In other
contexts, such as trade law, courts applying those methods have found that
Congress intended to treat incomplete versions of commercial products
differently from their completed counterparts. See, e. g., Citroen, 223
U. S., at 422 -- 423 (applying different tariffs to pearls predrilled for use as
necklaces than to pearls that were already strung into a necklace). We
cannot invoke the concept of the "artifact noun" to displace this traditional
statutory analysis.
 Cite as: (2025) 505

Thomas, J., dissenting

in accordance with regulations." 87 Fed. Reg. 24660. Call-
ing an "outer tube or modular piece" of a muffer or silencer
a "frame or receiver" thus may be justifed as an attempt to
square with Congress's decision to include muffers
and silencers within the definition of "firearm" under
(3)(C). Cf. A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law: The
Interpretation of Legal Texts 228 (2012) (Scalia & Garner)
(explaining that context may, in rare circumstances, justify
overriding a term's established meaning). But, the pre-
sumption of consistent usage is "particularly defeasible by
context," see id., at 171, and there is no reason to think that
the agency's workaround for applying to muffers and
silencers should alter the ordinary meanings of "frame" and
"receiver" in other statutory provisions that do not implicate
the same problem. In this case, the statutory scheme makes
clear that (3)(B)'s "frame or receiver" language does
not include unfnished, inoperable objects even if one day
they may become frames or receivers. Supra, at 498 -- 500.
Page Proof Pending Publication
3
The majority further asserts that "reading subsection (B)
in light of subsection (A)" actually "undermine[s]" the plain-
tiffs' position. Ante, at 482. Again, subsection (A) covers
any weapon which "may readily be converted" into a func-
tional gun. (3)(A). Subsection (B) specifes that a
frearm includes the " `frame or receiver of any such
weapon.' " Ante, at 482 (emphasis added by majority). Ac-
cording to the majority, that reference in subsection (B) im-
plicitly incorporates subsection (A)'s readily converted lan-
guage. And, because subsection (A) covers "starter guns
and disassembled rifes" that are "not yet ft for effective use
in combat," ibid., the majority argues that subsection (B)
should also cover objects that are not yet usable. That con-
clusion does not follow.
The frames and receivers referred to in subsection (B) are
components of the "weapon[s]" referred to in subsection (A).
506 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

While the majority is correct that subsection (A)'s readily
converted language covers weapons "not yet ft for effective
use in combat," ibid., there is no reason to think that the
readily converted language in subsection (A) applies to the
component parts described in subsection (B) -- and every rea-
son to think they do not. ATF recognized as much just a
few years ago, explaining that "the `designed to' and `readily
be converted' language are only present in the frst clause of
the statutory defnition. Therefore, an unfnished frame or
receiver does not meet the statutory defnition of `frearm'
simply because it is `designed to' or `can readily be converted
into' a frame or receiver." Brief for ATF 14 (citation omit-
ted). The majority's examples of "starter guns and disas-
sembled rifes," ante, at 482, underscore the point that an
inoperable weapon does not imply an inoperable frame or
receiver: While neither type of weapon is "ft for effective
use in combat," ibid., their frames and receivers are typi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cally operable.
"We do not lightly assume that Congress has omitted from
its adopted text requirements that it nonetheless intends to
apply, and our reluctance is even greater when Congress has
shown elsewhere in the same statute that it knows how to
make such a requirement manifest." Jama v. Immigration
and Customs Enforcement, (2005).
Rather than import language from one provision (subsection
(A)) into another that conspicuously omits that language
(subsection (B)), the Court should acknowledge that, natu-
rally read, subsection (B) is not broadened by language omit-
ted from it but included in the more expansive text of subsec-
tion (A).
IV
The Court also granted certiorari to decide whether a
"firearm" can "include a weapon parts kit. " 27 CFR.11. Statutory text, context, and structure confrm that
this aspect of the Rule also exceeds the scope of the statute.
 Cite as: (2025) 507

Thomas, J., dissenting

The majority's novel artifact-noun methodology cannot alter
this conclusion.
A
Section 921(a)(3)(A)'s defnition of "frearm" includes "any
weapon" that "will or is designed to or may readily be con-
verted to expel a projectile by the action of an explosive."
Thus, while an object that "may readily be converted" into a
gun qualifes as a "frearm" if that object is already a
"weapon," an object that is not already a weapon does not.
The ordinary meaning of "weapon" does not include
weapon-parts kits. At the time of the GCA's enactment, the
word "weapon" was understood to mean "an instrument of
offensive or defensive combat... something to fght with...
something (as a club, sword, gun, or grenade) used in de-
stroying, defeating, or physically injuring an enemy." Web-
ster's Third New International Dictionary 2589 (1966) (Web-
ster's); accord, ante, at 470. A weapon-parts kit is not a
Page Proof Pending Publication
weapon until it is converted into an operable gun. It is no
more "something to fght with," Webster's 2589, than the
sort of "unformed block of metal" that the Rule expressly
exempts from regulation, see 27 CFR.12(c). The oper-
able gun pictured in the majority opinion is "an instrument"
one may use in "combat." The unfnished, inoperable kit
pieces are not. See ante, at 469 (images). Because these
pieces do not constitute a "weapon," they do not ft within
subsection (A)'s statutory defnition.
Statutory text and context reinforce this conclusion, as
they indicate that the "weapon" contemplated in subsection
(A) must have a "frame or receiver" -- precisely the parts of
a weapon that weapon-parts kits omit. Section 923, for ex-
ample, requires manufacturers to identify their frearms "by
means of a serial number engraved or cast on the receiver
or frame of the weapon,", clearly
implying that any such "weapon" includes a "receiver or
frame." Section 921 supports this reading by delimiting the
defnition of a "frearm" to "any weapon" convertible into a
508 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

functional gun, and "the frame or receiver of any such
weapon," (3)(A) -- (B). This provi-
sion again assumes that the "weapon" in subsection (A) has
a "frame or receiver."
That "starter guns and disassembled rifes" are prototypi-
cal illustrations of things covered under (3)(A) that
nevertheless "are not yet ft for effective use in combat,"
ante, at 482, underscores this conclusion. Both starter guns
and disassembled rifes usually have functional frames or re-
ceivers. In contrast, the frames and receivers included in
weapon-parts kits are unfnished, inoperable, and so cannot
constitute frames or receivers under subsection (B). See
supra, at 497 -- 502. Since "any weapon" must have an opera-
ble "frame or receiver," (3)(B), a weapon-parts kit
cannot be a "weapon." Accordingly, it cannot become a reg-
ulated "frearm" under (3)(A).8
Further, although the FFA previously regulated "any part
Page Proof Pending Publication
or parts" of a gun, 52 Stat. 1250, Congress limited the GCA's
coverage to only two such parts: "the frame or receiver,"
(3)(B). "Presumably, Congress singled out these
components for special treatment because of the special role
they play in constructing frearms." Ante, at 465. We
should "presume that a legislature says in a statute what it
means and means in a statute what it says there." Connect-
icut Nat. Bank v. Germain, -- 254 (1992).
The statute's broader context also suggests that weapon-
parts kits are not regulable "frearms." Section 921(a)(3)
defnes "frearm" for all of Chapter 44. It follows that, "if

8
Of course, starter guns are deliberately not designed for combat. See
ante, at 471 (explaining that a starter gun "fres blanks, not bullets," is used
"at sporting events, not in combat," and typically requires "using a power
tool" to convert it into an operable weapon). Congress's parenthetical in-
clusion of "a starter gun" as "any weapon" is therefore best understood to
incorporate an outlier, "counterintuitive defnitio[n]," not to expand the
defnition of "weapon" to include other items outside its ordinary meaning.
Scalia & Garner 232; see Babbitt, 515 U. S., at 719 (Scalia, J., dissenting).
 Cite as: (2025) 509

Thomas, J., dissenting

[Chapter 44] is to be interpreted as a symmetrical and coher-
ent regulatory scheme," Gustafson v. Alloyd Co., (1995), the term should to the extent possible receive
a consistent meaning. While it is not diffcult to envision
how weapons that can be immediately assembled might be
helpful "during and in relation to any crime of violence"
under -- also part of Chapter 44 -- it is hard to imagine
how an unfnished weapon-parts kit requiring conversion
could be helpful. At minimum, this understanding would
seem to imply a crime "during" which the criminal could
take some untold amount of time to convert his kit into a
functional gun before using it. That does not ft any crime
of violence with which I am familiar. Cf. Babbitt v. Sweet
Home Chapter, Committee for Great Ore., -- 
723 (1995) (Scalia, J., dissenting) ("[T]he Secretary's interpre-
tation of `harm' is wrong if it does not ft with the use of
`take' throughout the Act. And it does not").9

Page Proof Pending
B Publication
Holding otherwise, the majority reasons that, as a "thing
created by humans," the term "weapon" may encompass not
only weapons that are "combat ready," but also those that
are "disassembled," and that the term thus captures weapon-
9
Section 924(c) is not the only provision in Chapter 44 that poses prob-
lems for a defnition of "frearm" that includes weapon-parts kits. Other
provisions make clear that a "frearm" is something that may be "un-
loaded." See, e. g.,. But, a weapon-parts kit cannot fre a bullet
prior to machining and assembly, so whether an unexpended bullet is pres-
ent in the kit's inoperable fring chamber or magazine is irrelevant. Chap-
ter 44 also makes clear that a "frearm" is an object one may "carry...
concealed.". Unlike a functional gun, however, a kit is a collec-
tion of unfnished parts, screws, and jigs. See ante, at 469 (images). The
notions of concealed carry and open carry in the context of weapon-parts
kits are inapposite. And, while a person might use a functional gun to
"kil[l]" another during the "commission of a crime" in a federal facility,
see, (c), the lethality of an unfnished weapon-parts kit is no dif-
ferent from that of an "unformed block of metal" exempted under the
Rule, 27 CFR.12(c).
510 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

parts kits "[i]n the same way and for the same reason."
Ante, at 471. The majority again conjures up the "artifact
noun" to support an interpretation that is incompatible with
our traditional methods of statutory construction. See
supra, at 506 -- 509.
Unlike a disassembled frearm, a weapon-parts kit requires
more than merely assembling the parts to become a func-
tional gun. Special tools and an indeterminate amount of
time are required to convert an unfnished weapon-parts kit
into a functional weapon. Thus, even assuming that the or-
dinary meaning of "weapon" does not resolve whether the
term includes weapon-parts kits, at minimum the term
"weapon" cannot encompass weapon-parts kits in "the same
way" it covers disassembled frearms. Ante, at 471.
The majority also insists that the term "weapon" should
cover "some unfnished instruments of combat" like weapon-
parts kits because (3)(A) includes starter guns,
which, like weapon-parts kits, can be converted into func-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tional weapons. Ante, at 471. But, because a starter gun
does not ft within the ordinary meaning of "weapon," Con-
gress's decision to expand that term to cover that one, spe-
cifc object does not imply that Congress intended the word
"weapon" to also cover other objects that are not already
weapons. See, supra.
And, both a disassembled rife and a starter gun are
"weapons" for the reason a weapon-parts kit is not: Disas-
sembled rifes and starter guns typically have functional
frames or receivers. See supra, at 508.10
10
The majority observes that "not every `frearm' will be capable of im-
plicating every criminal law discussing frearms" because Congress
broadly defned the term "frearm" to include objects -- like frames and
silencers -- that fall outside that term's ordinary meaning. Ante, at 476.
But, as previously shown in the context of starter guns, see, supra,
Congress's decision to provide a statutory term with specifc "counterintu-
itive defnitions" does not license courts to reinterpret the term however
they see ft. Scalia & Garner 232. And, while the majority identifes
specifc frearms laws that can coherently apply to weapon-parts kits,
 Cite as: (2025) 511

Thomas, J., dissenting

V
The text, context, and structure of (3) leave little
doubt that weapon-parts kits are not "frearms," and that
the unfnished contents of these kits are neither "frame[s]"
nor "receiver[s]." But, even if it were reasonable to treat
artifact nouns differently, the Government would -- at most -- 
demonstrate statutory ambiguity. And, when a statute with
criminal applications is ambiguous, the rule of lenity applies.
See Leocal v. Ashcroft, (2004).
This case is similar to United States v. Thompson/Center
Arms Co., (1992). There, a majority of the
Court applied the rule of lenity to interpret a tax statute
with criminal applications. That case presented the ques-
tion whether a gun manufacturer "makes" short-barreled ri-
fes -- and is thus subject to the NFA's "making tax," see 26
U. S. C. -- by selling a pistol and conversion kit from
which one could make a short-barreled rife. See 504 U. S.,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 507 (plurality opinion). After considering several argu-
ments -- including analogies to products that "requir[e] some
home assembly," and comparisons to terms referring to
" `any combination of parts' " -- the plurality concluded that it
was "left with an ambiguous statute." Id., at 509 -- 517.
And, because the provision carried the threat of criminal
sanction, the plurality held that it was "proper... to apply
the rule of lenity and resolve the ambiguity in Thompson/
Center's favor." Id., at 518.
Justice Scalia concurred in the judgment. Whereas the
plurality found ambiguity in the conversion kits' potential

ante, at 476, that overlap does not diminish the tensions I have described
above, see supra, at 508 -- 509. Our job is to ensure a "coherent and con-
sistent" statutory scheme "to the extent possible." Ali v. Federal Bureau
of Prisons, (2008). That Congress's "capacious" defni-
tion of "frearm" already generates some tension in the statute, see ante,
at 476 -- 477, is no reason to exacerbate that tension with a defnition that
makes Chapter 44 a less "symmetrical and coherent regulatory scheme,"
Gustafson v. Alloyd Co., (1995).
512 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Thomas, J., dissenting

uses, he attributed the ambiguity to a "much more funda-
mental" question: "[W]hether the making of a regulated
frearm includes the manufacture, without assembly, of com-
ponent parts where the defnition of the particular frearm
does not so indicate." Id., at 519. He found persuasive the
contrast between the defnition of regulated objects that ex-
pressly included "any combination of parts," and those that
did not. See id., at 519 -- 520 (noting that the provision at
issue "conspicuously combine[s] references to `combination of
parts' in the defnitions of regulated silencers, machineguns,
and destructive devices with the absence of any such refer-
ence in the defnition of regulated rifes"). Because neither
the defnition of "rife" nor that of "shortbarreled rife" incor-
porated combinations of parts, these distinctions made clear
that the NFA "d[id] not encompass Thompson/Center's pistol
and conversion kit, or at least d[id] not do so unambigu-
ously." Ibid.
I would take Justice Scalia's approach here. Nothing in
Page Proof Pending Publication
the GCA suggests that the terms "frame" and "receiver" also
include the materials that one could use to create them,
or that parts including neither a frame nor a receiver could
constitute a "weapon." See 18 U. S. C. (3)(A) -- (B).
There are, however, many reasons to conclude the opposite.
See supra, at 497 -- 510; cf. Thompson/Center, 504 U. S., at
519 -- 520 (opinion of Scalia, J.).
Even the Government appears to have found these com-
peting interpretations persuasive just a few years ago. See
Brief for ATF 14, 36 -- 39 (endorsing the position it now re-
jects). "Now it says the opposite. The law hasn't changed,
only an agency's interpretation of it." Guedes v. ATF, 589
U. S. -- -- -- , -- -- -- (2020) (statement of Gorsuch, J., respecting
denial of certiorari). I would apply the rule of lenity here.

* * *
Congress could have authorized ATF to regulate any part
of a frearm or any object readily convertible into one. But,
 Cite as: (2025) 513

Alito, J., dissenting

it did not. I would adhere to the words Congress enacted.
Employing its novel "artifact noun" methodology, the major-
ity charts a different course that invites unforeseeable conse-
quences and offers no limiting principle. I respectfully
dissent.
Justice Alito, dissenting.
The Court decides this case on a ground that was not
raised or decided below and that was not the focus of the
briefng or argument in this Court. Specifcally, the Court
concludes (1) that respondents mounted a "facial" challenge
to a Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives
(ATF) rule implementing provisions of the Gun Control Act
of 1968, (2) that a party making such a challenge must meet
the test that applies when a statute is challenged as facially
unconstitutional (what I will call the Salerno test1), and (3)
that respondents cannot satisfy that demanding test.2 If I
were satisfed that the Salerno test should control here, I
Page Proof Pending Publication
would join the opinion of the Court. The Court points to a
gun kit that is all-but-assembled, ante, at 468 -- 469, and a frame
that is as close to completion as possible, ante, at 479 -- 480. As
applied to those extreme situations, the Court holds -- and I
agree -- the rule does not deviate from the statute. But I
am not certain that the Salerno test should govern.

I
Respondents' petition for review in this case claimed,
among other things, that the ATF rule goes beyond what the
Gun Control Act permits and that it should therefore be "set
aside" under of the Administrative Procedure Act, 5
1
See United States v. Salerno, (1987).
2
Under that test, "a plaintiff cannot succeed on a facial challenge unless
he establishes that no set of circumstances exists under which the law
would be valid, or he shows that the law lacks a plainly legitimate sweep."
Moody v. NetChoice, LLC, (2024) (alterations and inter-
nal quotation marks omitted).
514 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Alito, J., dissenting

U. S. C. (C). See Amended Petition for Review in No.
4:22 -- cv -- 00691 (ND Tex.), ECF Doc. 93, pp. 41 -- 42. In the
Fifth Circuit and other Courts of Appeals, that provision has
long been understood to permit a court to hold that a rule is
invalid in toto.3 Thus, in both the District Court and the
Court of Appeals, the parties appear to have proceeded on
the assumption that the question presented was simply
whether the ATF rule exceeded the agency's authority under
the Gun Control Act. The Government defended the rule
as a correct interpretation of those statutory provisions and
made no mention of the Salerno test.4 And for the most
part, that was the position advanced in the Government's
briefs in this Court. As the Court points out, however, one
paragraph of the Government's brief did make the Salerno
argument. See Brief for Petitioners 27 -- 28. But other than
quoting language in INS v. National Center for Immigrants'
Rights, Inc., (1991) (NCIR), the brief made
no effort to explain why that test should apply. And per-
Page Proof Pending Publication
haps because of this cursory treatment, none of the respond-
ents addressed the Salerno issue in their briefs or during
oral argument. Noting this silence, the Court regards the
applicability of the Salerno test as undisputed, and it then
proceeds to apply that test. Ante, at 467.
On the record here, I would not hold that respondents
agreed that the Salerno test should apply. The Court relies
on the use of the term "facial" in their complaints, but that
characterization of their challenges did not constitute agree-
ment with the proposition that a facial challenge to a regula-
3
See K. Mizelle, To Vacate or Not To Vacate: Some (Still) Unanswered
Questions in the APA Vacatur Debate, 2023 Harv. J. L. & Pub. Pol'y Per
Curiam 1, 3 -- 4, and nn. 20 -- 26.
4
See Brief for Appellants in VanDerStok v. Garland, No. 23 -- 10718
(CA5), ECF Doc. 77 -- 1, pp. 18 -- 32; Defendants' Combined Brief in Opposi-
tion to Original Plaintiffs' and Intervenor-Plaintiffs' Motions for Summary
Judgment and in Support of Defendants' Cross-Motion for Summary Judg-
ment in Vanderstok v. Garland, No. 4:22 -- cv -- 00691 (ND Tex.), ECF Doc.
181, pp. 40 -- 45.
 Cite as: (2025) 515

Alito, J., dissenting

tion must satisfy the Salerno test. And in fact respondents
never conceded that point. They did not address the issue
at all in their briefs, and at no point during the lengthy oral
argument in this case were they asked about that question.
Holding that they conceded the point is unwarranted and ex-
tremely unfair. And in any event, we should adjudicate a
facial challenge under the right test regardless of the parties'
arguments. See Moody v. NetChoice, LLC, -- 780 (2024) (Alito, J., concurring in judgment).

II
That brings me to the question whether the Salerno test
should apply. In Moody, I set out what I saw as the chief
reasons for using that test when a statute is challenged as
unconstitutional. See 603 U. S., at 777 -- 778 (opinion concur-
ring in judgment). One of the most important of these is
respect for the lawmaking authority of the legislative body
Page Proof Pending Publication
that enacted the law in question. Id., at 777. A law passed
by Congress or a State Legislature should not be held to be
entirely unenforceable just because it would be unconstitu-
tional to apply it in just a few situations. That would repre-
sent unjustifed judicial interference with the authority of
the body entrusted under the Federal Constitution or the
constitution of a State with the authority to make law.
This threat to legislative authority is not present when a
regulation is challenged. I recognize that two of our deci-
sions support the use of the Salerno test in cases involving
facial challenges to rules. See Reno v. Flores, (1993); NCIR, 502 U. S., at 188. But neither decision
explained why the Salerno rule should be extended in that
way, and in neither case did the Court grapple with the ques-
tion that has recently arisen regarding the scope of a court's
authority under of the APA.
Applying the Salerno rule in a case in which a rule is
challenged under that provision as exceeding the agency's
statutory authority may have far-reaching consequences.
516 BONDI v. VANDERSTOK

Alito, J., dissenting

As a commentator has observed, "Salerno would seem to
dictate that a plaintiff [who challenges a rule] cannot ever
win unless he can show that there is `no set of circumstances'
in which the regulation would be consistent with the statute.
And because it would take an extraordinarily obtuse agency
to write a regulation so completely wrong as that, applying
Salerno in the statutory context would seem to dictate that
plaintiffs would always lose." S. Buck, Salerno vs. Chevron:
What To Do About Statutory Challenges, 55 Admin. L. Rev.
427, 438 (2003). Thus, this extension of Salerno would rep-
resent a huge boon for the administrative state.
It would also all but settle the debate about whether
of the APA authorizes a court to render a rule unen-
forceable across the board.5 Respondents asserted a typical
claim seeking to have a rule "set aside" in its entirety under, and if that claim fails because there are at least some
situations in which the application of the rule would be law-
ful, then it seems to follow that virtually all such claims will
Page Proof Pending Publication
fail as well. The understanding of the "set-aside" power
that has long been prevalent in the courts of appeals will be
overturned, and parties who may be adversely affected by a
rule will be reduced to fling as-applied challenges. Perhaps
that is what the law calls for, but we should not effect such
a change without thorough briefng and argument.
For these reasons, I must respectfully dissent. I would
either direct the parties to brief the Salerno issue or vacate
the judgment below and remand so that the issue can be
addressed frst by the Court of Appeals.6
5
Compare J. Harrison, Vacatur of Rules Under the Administrative Pro-
cedure Act, 40 Yale J. on Reg. 119, 120 (2023) (arguing that the APA does
not confer that power), with M. Sohoni, The Power To Vacate a Rule, 88
Geo. Wash. L. Rev. 1121, 1122, 1126 (2020) (taking the opposite position);
see also Mizelle, 2023 Harv. J. L. & Pub. Pol'y, at 2 -- 10 (summarizing the
debate).
6
Justice Sotomayor's suggestion that I have mischaracterized what
the Court has held, ante, at 486 (concurring opinion), demands a response.
Although Justice Sotomayor obviously wishes that the Court had gone
 Cite as: (2025) 517

Alito, J., dissenting

Page Proof Pending Publication

further, all that the Court has actually held is that the ATF rule is not
facially invalid because at least some applications of the rule are consistent
with the statute. And the two examples that the Court cites are (1) a kit
that contains all the parts needed to make a semiautomatic pistol and that
can be assembled in 21 minutes, see ante, at 468 -- 473, and (2) a frame that
can be made functional simply by clipping off two plastic tabs and drilling
a few holes, ante, at 477 -- 479, 481. The Court has not held that any other
kits or presently non-functional receivers are covered.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
Page Proof Pending Publication
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 470, line 8: "English" is deleted
p. 470, line 8: "of Current English" is inserted after "Dictionary
p. 475, line 2: "kits" is deleted
p. 493, line 10: "VanDerStok v. Garland," is inserted before 680
p. 493, line 11: "VanDerStok v. Garland," is inserted before 86
p. 504, line 9: "frearm" is inserted before "silencer"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 2
Pages 712 -- 760

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
April 22, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
712 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI, ATTORNEY
GENERAL

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the tenth circuit
No. 23 -- 929. Argued November 12, 2024 -- Decided April 22, 2025
The federal government initiated removal proceedings against petitioner
Monsalvo Velázquez, who asked the government to suspend its removal
efforts or, alternatively, to permit him to leave the United States volun-
tarily. The immigration judge concluded Monsalvo was removable but
granted him an opportunity to voluntarily depart within 60 days.
After the Board of Immigration Appeals rejected his appeal, it granted
Monsalvo a new 60-day voluntary departure period. The 60th day fell
on Saturday, December 11, 2021. Monsalvo fled a motion to reopen
proceedings on Monday, December 13. The Board rejected that motion,
concluding that the voluntary departure period had expired on Satur-
day, and Monsalvo's motion was therefore too late. Monsalvo asked the
Board to reconsider that conclusion, but the Board refused. Monsalvo
Page Proof Pending Publication
then petitioned for judicial review in the Tenth Circuit. The Tenth Cir-
cuit agreed with the Board, holding that the voluntary departure dead-
line in 8 U. S. C. (2) refers to calendar days with no extension
for deadlines that fall on weekends or holidays.
Held:
1. This Court has jurisdiction to review Monsalvo's petition. Under, courts may review "fnal order[s] of removal" and "all questions
of law" arising from them. Monsalvo's petition sought judicial review
of a legal question about the meaning of a term in his fnal removal
order -- specifcally, the meaning of "60 days" for voluntary departure.
Although Monsalvo did not challenge his removability, nothing in 
requires an individual to press a challenge to one term in a fnal order
of removal just to secure judicial review of another. This Court rejects
the government's argument that a petition must include a challenge to
removability to secure judicial review. Such an interpretation would
force litigants to assert meritless claims simply to obtain jurisdiction.
Pp. 719 -- 724.
2. Under (2), a voluntary-departure deadline that falls on a
weekend or legal holiday extends to the next business day. The Board
and the Tenth Circuit understood "days" to bear the ordinary meaning
of calendar days, no more or less. But evidence suggests a specialized
meaning in legal settings where the term "days" is often understood to
 Cite as: (2025) 713

Syllabus

extend deadlines falling on a weekend or legal holiday to the next busi-
ness day. When Congress adopts a new law against the backdrop of a
"longstanding administrative construction," the Court generally pre-
sumes the new provision works in harmony with what came before.
Haig v. Agee, -- 298. Since at least the 1950s, immigra-
tion regulations have provided that when calculating deadlines, the
term "day" carries its specialized meaning by excluding Sundays and
legal holidays (and later Saturdays) if a deadline would otherwise fall
on one of those days. Congress enacted (2) as part of of
the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of
1996 (IIRIRA) against this consistent regulatory backdrop. The gov-
ernment concedes that other deadlines in the same section of IIRIRA,
such as deadlines for motions to reopen or reconsider, are subject to
this rule. The identical term "days" should be given the same meaning
throughout, especially when the provisions were enacted at the
same time in the same section of the law.
Three principal counterarguments are insuffcient to overcome the
presumption that (2) follows the government's own longstand-
ing practice of extending deadlines falling on a weekend or legal holiday
to the next business day. First, the fact that the regulatory defnition
of "day" applies directly only to regulatory deadlines and not to statu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tory deadlines like the one found in (2) is irrelevant. The
question here is not whether a regulation can trump a statute but
whether Congress's work in of IIRIRA should be read in light of
the government's longstanding regulatory practice. Second, the argu-
ment that Congress intended different treatment for voluntary depar-
ture because it selected 60 days rather than adopting a pre-existing
regulatory deadline of 90 or 30 days is unpersuasive, as nothing in 
hints that deadlines should operate differently, and the government it-
self did not advance this view when promulgating rules to enforce the
deadline. Third, nothing in the text supports the government's pro-
posed distinction between "procedural" and "substantive" deadlines, as
does not draw such lines, nor does the regulatory background sug-
gest this distinction. Pp. 724 -- 731.
88 F. 4th 1301, reversed and remanded.

Gorsuch, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Sotomayor, Kagan, and Jackson, JJ., joined. Thomas, J., fled
a dissenting opinion, in which Alito, J., joined, and in which Kavanaugh
and Barrett, JJ., joined as to Parts I and II, post, p. 731. Alito, J., post,
p. 748, and Barrett, J., post, p. 758, fled dissenting opinions, in which
Kavanaugh, J., joined.
714 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

Gerard J. Cedrone argued the cause for petitioner. With
him on the briefs were David J. Zimmer and Sierra J.
Perez-Sparks.
Anthony A. Yang argued the cause for respondent. With
him on the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal
Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solic-
itor General Gannon, John W. Blakeley, Melissa Neiman-
Kelting, and Andrew C. MacLachlan.*

Justice Gorsuch delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case poses a question about how to calculate a dead-
line. Often, the government may detain and deport an
individual after properly determining he is unlawfully pres-
ent in this country. But, under 8 U. S. C., the gov-
ernment will sometimes delay detention and deportation for
up to "60 days" to allow those of "good moral character" to
leave the country on their own terms. When it comes to
many other deadlines in immigration law, if the fnal day per-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mitted for taking an action falls on a weekend or legal holi-
day, the deadline rolls over to the next business day. The
question for us is whether (2)'s 60-day voluntary-
departure deadline works that same way.

I
A
Born in Mexico, Hugo Monsalvo Velázquez entered the
United States unlawfully as a teenager about 20 years ago.
Since then, he has made his life in Colorado. Pet. for Cert.
15. There, he attended high school, some college, and met
and married his wife. Ibid. The couple has an 11-year-old
son and a 9-year-old daughter, both U. S. citizens. Ibid.

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the American
Immigration Lawyers Association by Amanda K. Rice; for the Round
Table of Former Immigration Judges by Scott H. Angstreich; and for
Thomas Fuller Ogden, pro se.
 Cite as: (2025) 715

Opinion of the Court

Mr. Monsalvo and his wife have raised their family in a home
they own outside Denver, where he also owns and operates
a small business. Ibid.
In 2011, the federal government initiated proceedings to
remove Mr. Monsalvo from the country. Velazquez v. Gar-
land, 88 F. 4th 1301, 1303 (CA10 2023). In response,
Mr. Monsalvo did not dispute that he had entered the coun-
try unlawfully, but he asked the government to suspend its
removal efforts because he would face persecution if re-
turned to Mexico. App. to Pet. for Cert. 44a -- 50a. Alterna-
tively, he sought permission to leave the country voluntarily.
Id., at 50a.
That second request was important to him. As a rule,
individuals lawfully determined to be deportable from this
country are not entitled to leave on their own terms but in-
stead face detention and forcible removal. See Dada v. Mu-
kasey, (2008). In certain circumstances, how-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ever, the government can afford the option of a "voluntary
departure" to those "of good moral character." 
(1)(B). When the government extends this option, it effec-
tively makes detention and removal contingent: Offcials may
detain and remove the individual only if he remains in the
country after his voluntary-departure period has expired.
Suspending removal in this way can beneft both the govern-
ment and the individual. For the government, an individu-
al's voluntary departure saves the cost and effort associated
with detention and removal. Id., at 11. For the individual,
it not only allows him to choose how and when he leaves the
country. It also allows him to avoid substantial penalties
associated with a forcible removal. Id., at 11 -- 12 (9)(A)).
In 2019, an immigration judge issued a decision in
Mr. Monsalvo's case. The judge rejected his claim that he
would face persecution if returned to Mexico. But the judge
also found Mr. Monsalvo eligible for voluntary departure and
gave him 60 days to leave the country, the maximum allowed
716 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

by law. App. to Pet. for Cert. 51a. As it happened, the
end of that 60-day period fell on a Saturday. So, the judge
specifed, Mr. Monsalvo's deadline for departing voluntarily
would extend to the following Monday. Id., at 70a. Should
he fail to leave within that period, the immigration judge
further ordered, Mr. Monsalvo would face removal and the
penalties associated with it. Id., at 51a.
Mr. Monsalvo responded by appealing to the Board of Im-
migration Appeals. By regulation, that appeal stayed the
immigration judge's order. See 8 CFR.6 (2019);
Dada, 554 U. S., at 10. On October 12, 2021, the Board is-
sued its own decision. In it, the Board rejected Mr. Monsal-
vo's argument that he would face persecution in Mexico and
gave him a (new) period of "60 days to voluntarily depart"
the United States, " the maximum period allowed by"
(2). App. to Pet. for Cert. 40a. If he "fail[ed] to
voluntarily depart" within that period, the Board added, he
"shall be removed." Id., at 42a. Summing up, the Board
Page Proof Pending Publication
explained its disposition this way:
"ORDER: The respondent's appeal is dismissed.
"FURTHER ORDER:... the respondent(s) is (are)
permitted to voluntarily depart... within 60 days....
In the event a respondent fails to voluntarily depart...
the respondent shall be removed as provided in the Im-
migration Judge's order." Ibid.

The Board's decision also included two other salient provi-
sions. In one, the Board warned Mr. Monsalvo that he
would face serious penalties if he overstayed his voluntary-
departure deadline. Those penalties could include not just
removal and monetary fnes, but also ineligibility for most
forms of immigration relief for a period of 10 years. Id., at
42a -- 43a; 8 U. S. C. (1). In the other provision, the
Board advised Mr. Monsalvo of his right to fle a motion to
reopen his removal proceedings if he thought he had new and
previously unavailable evidence that could alter the Board's
 Cite as: (2025) 717

Opinion of the Court

assessment of his case. App. to Pet. for Cert. 43a. If he
fled such a motion before the expiration of his 60-day
voluntary-departure period, the Board continued, the penal-
ties associated with failing to depart would "not apply."
Ibid.; 8 CFR.26(b)(3)(iii) (2021).

B
Consistent with the Board's direction, Mr. Monsalvo fled
a motion to reopen. On Friday, December 10, 2021, his at-
torney served the government with a copy and sent the orig-
inal to the Board using an overnight delivery service. Brief
for Petitioner 12. On the following Monday, December 13,
2021, the Board accepted the motion for fling. Ibid. The
motion drew the Board's attention to this Court's then-recent
decision in Niz-Chavez v. Garland, (2021), and
argued that, under its terms, Mr. Monsalvo was entitled to
have his order of removal canceled. Brief for Petitioner 12.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The Board denied the motion to reopen for two reasons.
First, it held that Niz-Chavez did not justify reopening
Mr. Monsalvo's removal proceedings. App. to Pet. for Cert.
37a. Second, and without prompting from the government,
the Board held that his motion to reopen had arrived too
late. Id., at 38a.
The Board's second holding rested on an interpretation
of (2)'s voluntary-departure deadline. The Board
began by observing that it had given Mr. Monsalvo "60 days"
to depart voluntarily, the maximum allowed by (2).
Interpreting that statute, the Board read its use of the term
"days" to refer to calendar days. Here, that meant Mr. Mon-
salvo's voluntary-departure period began on October 12,
2021, when the Board issued its removal order, and expired
on Saturday, December 11, 2021. The Board did not ques-
tion that Mr. Monsalvo served his motion to reopen the day
before, on Friday, December 10, 2021. But, the Board
stressed, the motion was not fled until the following busi-
ness day, Monday, December 13, 2021. And, as the Board
718 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

saw it, that created a problem. Because Mr. Monsalvo had
neither left the country nor fled a motion to reopen before
the expiration of his voluntary-departure period, the Board
said, the penalties it had previously warned Mr. Monsalvo
about now applied. See supra, at 716. Accordingly, the
Board held, it was powerless to entertain his motion -- or
nearly any request for immigration relief he might wish to
pursue for the next decade. App. to Pet. for Cert. 38a (cit-
ing ); see also id., at 43a.
Mr. Monsalvo fled a motion asking the Board to reconsider
this second holding. Pet. for Cert. 19. His reason for fo-
cusing on it was obvious. Not only did that holding prevent
him from seeking to reopen his case; the Board's reasoning
had the potential to foreclose for years almost any avenue of
lawful immigration relief he might hope to pursue. Ad-
dressing the Board's holding, Mr. Monsalvo argued that it
misconstrued (2). As a matter of law, he submit-
ted, that statute operates to extend any deadline that falls
Page Proof Pending Publication
on a weekend or legal holiday to the next business day. The
immigration judge handling his case had understood
(2) to work just this way. See supra, at 716; App.
to Pet. for Cert. 70a. And under that view of the law,
Mr. Monsalvo contended, his voluntary-departure deadline
did not expire until Monday, December 13, 2021. As a re-
sult, his motion to reopen was timely fled that same day, and
the penalties associated with failing to fle a motion to reopen
or to depart voluntarily did not apply. See 88 F. 4th, at
1305. Ultimately, however, the Board disagreed, stood by
its earlier decision, and denied Mr. Monsalvo's motion for re-
consideration. Ibid.
C
Having failed before the agency, Mr. Monsalvo turned to
court, petitioning the Tenth Circuit to review the Board's
order denying his motion for reconsideration. (1).
But that effort failed too. Like the Board, the Tenth Circuit
thought that the provision in his fnal order of removal grant-
 Cite as: (2025) 719

Opinion of the Court

ing him "60 days" to depart voluntarily was "[c]onclusively... governed by" (2). Id., at 1308. And, like the
Board, the court read the statute as speaking in terms of
"calendar days." Id., at 1303. From this, the court rea-
soned, it followed that Mr. Monsalvo's voluntary-departure
deadline expired on Saturday, December 11, 2021, and his
failure to fle a motion to reopen or to depart voluntarily by
that date made it impossible for the Board to entertain either
his motion or perhaps any other application from him for
years. Id., at 1309 -- 1310.
We agreed to take up the case because the Tenth Circuit's
interpretation of (2) opened a circuit split. (2024). While the Tenth Circuit has construed the
statute to afford an individual no more than 60 calendar days
to leave the country voluntarily, the Ninth Circuit has read
it to extend a deadline falling on a weekend or legal holiday
to the next business day. See Meza-Vallejos v. Holder, 669
F. 3d 920 (2012). Who is right on this question of statutory
Page Proof Pending Publication
interpretation matters greatly to people like Mr. Monsalvo.
Not only does it affect the time one may have to reopen im-
migration proceedings. As we have seen, it also affects an
individual's exposure to detention, removal, and fnes, and
carries with it serious ramifcations for his ability to seek
lawful status for years into the future. (1),
1182(a)(9); 8 CFR.26(a).

II
Before we can address that question, however, we must
attend to an antecedent one. In the Tenth Circuit, the gov-
ernment argued that court lacked statutory jurisdiction to
entertain Mr. Monsalvo's petition. Here, the government
renews its claim. On its view, we cannot pass on who has
the better reading of (2), but must instead vacate
the Tenth Circuit's judgment and remand Mr. Monsalvo's pe-
tition to that court with instructions to dismiss it. See Brief
for Respondent 15 -- 20.
720 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

A
The Tenth Circuit's jurisdiction hinged on (1).
That provision allows an individual to petition for "[j]udicial
review of a fnal order of removal" in the appropriate court
of appeals. Ibid. Such a petition supplies the exclusive
means for obtaining "[j]udicial review of all questions of law
and fact... arising from any action taken or proceed-
ing brought to remove an alien from the United States."
(9).
The Tenth Circuit held that it had statutory jurisdiction to
consider Mr. Monsalvo's petition, and we agree. On October
12, 2021, the Board issued an order which petitioner con-
tends, and the government does not dispute, constituted a
fnal order of removal. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 42a -- 43a;
Reply Brief 5; Tr. of Oral Arg. 37 -- 38, 64 -- 65. That order
conditionally authorized Mr. Monsalvo's detention and
removal, providing that "[i]n the event" he failed to leave
Page Proof Pending Publication
voluntarily "within 60 days," the "maximum period allowed
by" (2), authorities could detain and "remov[e]"
him. App. to Pet. for Cert. 40a, 42a; supra, at 716. In later
administrative proceedings, the parties disagreed about
what that order meant. The government read (2),
and thus the order, as affording Mr. Monsalvo 60 calendar
days before authorities could detain and remove him -- 
and thus before his time to fle a motion to reopen effectively
expired. Mr. Monsalvo interpreted the statute, and thus
his order, to extend his 60-day deadline, which fell on a week-
end, to the next business day. Mr. Monsalvo's petition to
the Tenth Circuit asked that court to resolve the parties'
dispute. Or, to put it in 's terms, he asked the court
to review his "fnal order of removal" and address a "ques-
tio[n] of law... arising from" its terms. Exactly as the
law allows.
It is true that Mr. Monsalvo did not seek judicial review
immediately after the Board entered its fnal order of re-
moval. But, at that stage, he had no reason to do so. The
 Cite as: (2025) 721

Opinion of the Court

Board had given him "60 days" to leave the country, and
the immigration judge had already explained to him that a
voluntary-departure deadline falling on a weekend rolls over
to the next business day. Supra, at 715 -- 716. The dispute
over the meaning of "60 days" arose only later, when, in rul-
ing on his motion to reopen and without prompting from the
government, the Board held that his voluntary-departure
deadline expired on a Saturday. See supra, at 717; App. to
Pet. for Cert. 38a. Understandably, Mr. Monsalvo asked the
Board to reconsider that conclusion before he proceeded to
court, giving the agency in the frst instance the chance to
address his argument that the phrase "60 days" in
(2) and his order of removal extends a deadline fall-
ing on a weekend or legal holiday to the next business day.
See supra, at 718. It was only after the Board rejected that
view that he required judicial intervention. And nothing
prevented him from seeking it in a challenge to the Board's
reconsideration order, for that order expressly interpreted a
Page Proof Pending Publication
term in his fnal order of removal and Mr. Monsalvo's judicial
petition contested that interpretation as a matter of law.

B
The government does not dispute that Mr. Monsalvo pre-
sented the Tenth Circuit with a legal question about how
long he had to depart before facing removal. See Brief for
Respondent 18 -- 20. But, the government insists, (1)
requires more. To secure judicial review, the government
says, an individual must include in his petition some chal-
lenge to his "removability" from this country. Ibid. And
because Mr. Monsalvo's petition didn't do that, but pressed
only a question about his voluntary-departure deadline, the
court was powerless to hear his case.
To be sure, the government emphasizes, things could have
worked out differently for Mr. Monsalvo. All he had to do,
the government says, was bundle his question about the op-
eration of his voluntary-departure deadline with some chal-
722 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

lenge to the Board's conclusion that he was removable. Id.,
at 20. So, for example, in addition to asking the Tenth Cir-
cuit to review the Board's order denying his motion for
reconsideration (and re jecting his interpretation of
(2)), he could have asked for review of the Board's
order denying his motion to reopen (and concluding he was
not entitled to have his removal canceled). Had he done
that, the government assures us, the Tenth Circuit would
have had jurisdiction over his petition and could have ad-
dressed both questions. Id., at 20.
The government does not deny that, under its view, some
people will have to "make up a completely meritless claim in
order to get jurisdiction." Tr. of Oral Arg. 57 -- 58. By the
conclusion of administrative proceedings, individuals like
Mr. Monsalvo may no longer think they have a viable chal-
lenge to their removability, only some other colorable and
consequential question about their fnal orders of removal.
Page Proof Pending Publication
But, as the government sees it, they cannot simply bring
that live question to court. They must either adorn their
judicial petitions with a pointless challenge to their remov-
ability or forfeit the right to review altogether.
We see nothing in that puts litigants to that kind of
choice. The statute does not say that an individual must
press a challenge to one term in a fnal order of removal (a
fnding of "removability") just to secure judicial review of
another (like a voluntary-departure deadline). In fact, the
word "removability" does not even appear in the statute.
Instead, authorizes courts to review "fnal order[s] of
removal" and address "questions of law... arising from"
them. (1), (b)(9). And pretty plainly, that lan-
guage permits a court to review all terms in a fnal order of
removal without anything like the qualifcation the govern-
ment imagines.
Our dissenting colleagues see things differently. In their
view, this Court's decision in Nasrallah v. Barr, 590 U. S.
 Cite as: (2025) 723

Opinion of the Court

573 (2020), requires us to adopt the government's jurisdic-
tional theory. See post, at 738 -- 740 (opinion of Thomas, J.);
post, at 758 -- 759 (opinion of Barrett, J.). But, if anything,
that case supports our conclusion. Nasrallah described a
"fnal order of removal" subject to judicial review as a fnal
order " `concluding that the alien is deportable or ordering
deportation.' " 590 U. S., at 581. And (again) that is ex-
actly what we have here: a fnal order specifying that the
government may remove Mr. Monsalvo if he fails to depart
voluntarily within 60 days, and a petition asking the courts
to settle a dispute over what that order means.
Justice Thomas highlights Nasrallah's holding that a
Board order denying relief under the Convention Against
Torture (CAT) in that case was "not part of the removal
order." Post, at 739 (dissenting opinion). But we fail to see
the relevance of that holding to this case. A CAT order pro-
vides that, "notwithstanding" a removal order, the govern-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment may not remove an individual to a particular "desig-
nated country." Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at 582. CAT orders,
moreover, have a distinct statutory basis from removal or-
ders, and different statutes govern their review. Id., at
579 -- 580. No such order is in play here. Mr. Monsalvo has
not sought judicial review of a CAT order, only review about
the meaning of his fnal order of removal.
Justice Barrett, for her part, reads Nasrallah as sug-
gesting that an individual like Mr. Monsalvo may not chal-
lenge the Board's interpretation of a term in his removal
order. Instead, he may ask a court only to change or excise
a term in his removal order. See post, at 759 (dissenting opin-
ion). But Nasrallah held nothing of the kind. Nor is it pos-
sible to square such a view with the statutory text. Section
1252 permits individuals to petition for judicial review of
"fnal orders of removal" and indicates that those petitions
supply the exclusive means for securing "[j]udicial review of
all questions of law." (9). Nothing in the statu-
724 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

tory text contains anything like the limitation the dissent
supposes, permitting judicial review of only certain kinds of
legal errors.1
III
A
That takes us to the merits. The Board's fnal order of
removal permitted the government to detain and remove
Mr. Monsalvo if he failed to leave the country within "60
days..., the maximum period allowed by" (2).
App. to Pet. for Cert. 40a. Everyone agrees the proper con-
struction of that order is "governed by" the proper construc-
tion of (2). 88 F. 4th, at 1308. Like Mr. Monsal-
vo's fnal order of removal, that statute sets forth a deadline
expressed in terms of a number of "days." See (2)
("Permission to depart voluntarily under this subsection
shall not be valid for a period exceeding 60 days"). But
what does that mean: Does every calendar day count? Or
Page Proof Pending Publication
does the statute operate to extend a deadline that falls on a
weekend or legal holiday to the next business day?

1
Separately, the dissents suggest that we should remand this case to the
Tenth Circuit to address the government's "late-breaking" jurisdictional
objection. Post, at 736 (opinion of Thomas, J.); see also post, at 760 (opin-
ion of Barrett, J.). But the government's objection is not a new one -- 
it has challenged statutory jurisdiction throughout the life of this litiga-
tion, even if it has pursued various and shifting theories to support its
objection. See Brief for Respondent in No. 22 -- 9576 (CA10), pp. 36 -- 38;
Brief for Respondent 15 -- 20. Nor do the dissenters dispute that this
Court may "dispose of... recently raised jurisdictional argument[s]."
Caraco Pharmaceutical Laboratories, Ltd. v. Novo Nordisk A/S, (2012).
Separately still, Justice Thomas suggests that we have developed an
argument for jurisdiction that Mr. Monsalvo did not present. See post,
at 743 (dissenting opinion). That charge is mistaken. Our analysis here
tracks Mr. Monsalvo's contention that his case satisfes because he
sought judicial review of the Board's "resolution of the disputed timeliness
issue," which turned on the "terms of [his] fnal removal order." Reply
Brief 4 -- 5.
 Cite as: (2025) 725

Opinion of the Court

In truth, the statute is susceptible to both understandings.
An ordinary reader might understand "days" to mean calen-
dar days, no more or less. That is how the Board and the
Tenth Circuit saw it. See supra, at 717 -- 719. And, to be
sure, we usually assume statutory terms bear their ordinary
meaning "until and unless someone points to evidence sug-
gesting otherwise." Niz-Chavez, 593 U. S., at 163. But
here, evidence suggesting the possibility of specialized mean-
ing does exist. In legal settings, the term "days" is often
understood to extend deadlines falling on a weekend or legal
holiday to the next business day. Various federal rules re-
fect this understanding. See, e. g., Fed. Rule Civ. Proc.
6(a)(1)(C). As do our own. See this Court's Rule 30(1).
The Ninth Circuit and the immigration judge in this case
thought (2) of a piece with that practice. See
supra, at 715 -- 716, 719. The question before us thus boils
down to whether (2) uses the term "days" in its
Page Proof Pending Publication
ordinary or specialized sense.
To resolve that question, we turn to one of this Court's
customary interpretive tools. When Congress adopts a new
law against the backdrop of a "longstanding administrative
construction," this Court generally presumes the new provi-
sion should be understood to work in harmony with what has
come before. Haig v. Agee, -- 298 (1981);
accord, United States v. Hill, -- 554 (1993);
FDIC v. Philadelphia Gear Corp., (1986).
That presumption is all but dispositive here. For many
years, Congress has authorized the executive branch to draw
up regulations to enforce the immigration laws. See 8
U. S. C. (3). And since at least the 1950s, those reg-
ulations have provided that, when calculating the deadline
for the "taking [of] any action," the term "day" carries its
specialized meaning by excluding Sundays and legal holidays
if a deadline would otherwise fall on one of those days. 8
CFR.1(a)(6) (1958). In all the years
since, the only notable change to this rule has been the addi-
726 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

tion of Saturdays to the list of excluded days. 52 Fed. Reg.
2935 (1987). Congress adopted (2) against the
backdrop of this consistent, longstanding administrative con-
struction. And, given that, we presume the statute employs
the same understanding.2
Nor do we see anything in the statute that might overcome
our usual presumption. To the contrary, what evidence we
have before us only supports its application. Congress set
forth the maximum number of "days" allowed for voluntary
departure in of the Illegal Immigration Reform and
Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (IIRIRA). In the
same section of that law, Congress also provided individuals
a certain number of "days" to fle motions to reopen or to
reconsider. 110 Stat. 3009 -- 593; 8 U. S. C. (6)(B),
(c)(7)(C)(i). When it comes to those latter provisions, the
government concedes, the term "days" is best read in light
of pre-existing regulatory practice and thus takes its special-
ized meaning. Brief for Respondent 43 -- 44. Everyone
Page Proof Pending Publication
agrees, then, that two provisions in operate to roll a
deadline falling on a weekend or legal holiday over to the
next business day. And if two provisions in a single section
of an Act of Congress use the term "days" this way, it is all
the more sensible to think a third provision in the same sec-
tion does as well. After all, "identical words and phrases
within the same statute should normally be given the same
meaning." Powerex Corp. v. Reliant Energy Services, Inc.,
(2007). And, if anything, that maxim may
be "doubly appropriate" where, as here, Congress employed
the same term in multiple places "at the same time" in the
"same section of the [same] public law." Id., at 231 -- 232.
Tellingly, too, if Congress meant to depart from settled
immigration practice when it adopted the voluntary-
2
Though (2) uses the plural "days," and the regulation uses
the singular "day," no one before us has suggested that distinction makes
a difference. Cf. 1 U. S. C. ("[W]ords importing the plural include the
singular," and vice versa).
 Cite as: (2025) 727

Opinion of the Court

departure deadline in 1996, the government itself seems not
to have noticed. After Congress enacted IIRIRA, the gov-
ernment promulgated a new rule to enforce (2)'s
terms. See 62 Fed. Reg. 10312, 10372 (1997). Tracking the
statute, that rule allows an immigration judge to grant a
voluntary-departure period of up to "60 days." 8 CFR.26(e) (1999). And under the government's own regula-
tions, remember, regulatory deadlines defned in terms of
days do not expire on weekends or legal holidays..1(h) (2021). Nowhere does the government's rule en-
forcing (2) suggest that it is exempt from these reg-
ulations.3 Perhaps for this reason, the immigration judge in
Mr. Monsalvo's own case understood his voluntary-departure
deadline to extend past a weekend to a Monday. See supra,
at 716. Perhaps for this reason, as well, many other immi-
gration judges have done the same in other cases. See Brief
for American Immigration Lawyers Association as Amicus
Curiae 4 (collecting examples).
Page Proof Pending
B
Publication
In response to our merits analysis, the government and
Justice Alito offer three principal counterarguments.
But, thoughtful as they are, we fnd none suffcient to over-
come the presumption that (2) follows the govern-
ment's own longstanding practice.
First, the government and Justice Alito stress the lim-
ited reach of the regulation defning the term "day." Yes,
they admit, that rule has long indicated that deadlines ex-
3
Justice Alito notes that the government's rule provides that " `the
total period of time [to voluntarily depart shall not exceed] 60 days as set
forth in Section 240B of the Act.' " Post, at 757, (dissenting opinion)
(2024)). But we fail to see how the language
he emphasizes moves the needle. As we have seen, the relevant section
of the Act does not defne "days." Meanwhile, the government's own
rules instruct that regulatory deadlines like this one should be construed
consistent with the specialized meaning of the term "day." Nor does any-
thing in this regulation disavow that approach.
728 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

pressed in days do not expire on weekends or legal holidays.
And yes, they agree, the defnition applies for "computing
the period of time for taking any action provided in this
chapter." 8 CFR.1(h) (1996). But,
they observe, that rule applies only to regulatory deadlines
and does not purport to control statutory deadlines like the
one found in (2). Brief for Respondent 43; post,
at 752 (dissenting opinion).
That much is true, but also irrelevant. The question be-
fore us isn't whether a regulation can trump a statute (of
course not). It is whether Congress's work in of
IIRIRA should be read in light of the government's long-
standing regulatory practice. And, again, even the govern-
ment concedes that the answer is (mostly) yes. Supra, at
726. When speaking of the "days" available for fling mo-
tions to reopen or to reconsider in, the government ad-
mits, Congress meant to follow the pre-existing regulatory
practice rolling over deadlines falling on weekends and legal
Page Proof Pending Publication
holidays to the next business day. Brief for Respondent 43 -- 
44. Nothing in the government's argument here supplies a
reason to suppose Congress meant the term "days" to work
differently when it comes to the voluntary-departure dead-
line found in the same section of IIRIRA.4
Second, and attempting to address this defciency, the gov-
ernment and Justice Alito highlight the fact that, when
setting the deadlines for motions to reopen or to reconsider
in, Congress codifed pre-existing deadlines found in
immigration regulations (90 days and 30 days, respectively).
By contrast, when Congress selected 60 days as the
voluntary-departure deadline, it did not pull that number

4
Justice Alito questions our reliance on the government's concession
that the specialized meaning of "days" applies to other deadlines in 
of IIRIRA. See post, at 754 -- 755 (dissenting opinion). But our colleague
does not dispute the correctness of that concession and, in the end, seems
to embrace it. See post, at 753, 756 (endorsing the specialized meaning of
"days" for 's "fling" deadlines).
 Cite as: (2025) 729

Opinion of the Court

from a pre-existing regulatory deadline. Given that differ-
ence, the argument goes, Congress must have meant the
word "days" to work differently when it comes to the
voluntary-departure deadline alone. Brief for Respondent
43 -- 44; post, at 756 -- 757 (dissenting opinion).
That conclusion, however, does not follow from its premise.
Exactly nothing in hints that deadlines found there
should operate differently. Nor does the regulatory back-
drop against which Congress legislated. Recall that, by
1996, the government's regulations had long provided -- cate-
gorically and without exception -- that the term "day" ex-
cludes certain weekends and legal holidays when it comes to
calculating the deadline for "taking any action," of whatever
kind, required by regulation. 8 CFR.1(h). Again, too, if Congress meant to pursue a more par-
simonious approach for the voluntary-departure deadline in, it is curious that the government itself did not seem to
Page Proof Pending Publication
advance that view when it promulgated its own rule to en-
force that deadline. See 8 CFR.26(e); supra, at 727,
and.
Third, coming at the problem from a different direction,
the government and Justice Alito suggest that we should
divide 's deadlines into "procedural" and "substantive"
categories. Brief for Respondent 15, 22; post, at 751, 753,
756 (dissenting opinion). For "procedural" deadlines, like
those for motions to reopen and reconsider, the government
and dissent concede, it makes sense to think Congress legis-
lated against the administrative backdrop we have described,
given that the agencies and courts where those motions must
be fled are usually closed on weekends and legal holidays.
But that consideration is immaterial, the government and
Justice Alito insist, for the "substantive" duty of voluntary
departure. After all, an individual can leave the country
almost anytime; even if agencies and courts close for the
weekend or a legal holiday, airports and roads generally re-
main open.
730 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

Maybe the procedural/substantive distinction the govern-
ment and dissent propose would make for good policy. But
if Congress had something like that in mind, it never said so.
Section 304's text does not draw any lines between proce-
dural and substantive duties. Nor does the regulatory back-
ground against which the statute was adopted hint at such a
distinction. As we have seen, the government's longstand-
ing defnition of the term "day" excludes certain weekends
and holidays when calculating the time for taking "any ac-
tion" under immigration regulations -- including when it
comes to various "substantive" actions that can plainly be
accomplished on a weekend or holiday, like "getting married
after entering the United States on a fancé(e) visa." Brief
for Petitioner 38. Notably, as well, the government's own
regulations enforcing make no mention of a procedural/
substantive distinction either. Supra, at 724 -- 726.
Perhaps, too, Congress had good reason for eschewing the
line the government and dissent would have us draw. Often
Page Proof Pending Publication
enough, as it happens, a "substantive" duty that can be per-
formed on any given day will be intertwined with a "proce-
dural" duty that can be discharged only on days when agen-
cies and courts are open. Mr. Monsalvo's case refects this
reality. In it, the effective (procedural) deadline for his mo-
tion to reopen turned on the calculation of the (substantive)
deadline for voluntary departure. See supra, at 717 -- 718.
In light of that reality, a rational Congress might have
thought it sensible to extend the same rule to both the proce-
dural and substantive deadlines in. Of course,
whether anyone in Congress gave so much as a passing
thought to questions like that is anyone's guess. But one
thing is certain: The statutory text Congress chose in
(2) shows no more sign of a procedural/substantive
distinction than the government's own longstanding rules.5
5
Briefy advancing a separate argument that the government has not
advanced for itself, Justice Alito suggests that the specialized meaning
of "days" cannot be applied sensibly to other deadlines governing, for ex-
 Cite as: (2025) 731

Thomas, J., dissenting

*
As we see it, (2)'s deadline works like others
found in of IIRIRA -- and so many others in immigra-
tion law. Here, as elsewhere, the term "days" operates to
extend a deadline that falls on a weekend or legal holiday
to the next business day. Because the Tenth Circuit held
otherwise in addressing Mr. Monsalvo's petition, its judg-
ment is reversed, and the case is remanded for further pro-
ceedings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Alito joins, and
with whom Justice Kavanaugh and Justice Barrett join
as to Parts I and II, dissenting.
This Court granted certiorari to decide whether the dead-
line for a removable alien to voluntarily depart the United
States extends to the next business day if it would otherwise
Page Proof Pending Publication
fall on a weekend or public holiday. See 8 U. S. C.
(2). But, the merits-stage briefng revealed a seri-
ous, novel jurisdictional objection that may bar our review.
Given that complication, we should have vacated and re-
manded for the Tenth Circuit's consideration in the frst in-
stance. Instead, the majority reaches the merits after fnd-
ing jurisdiction based on a fawed theory of its own creation.
I respectfully dissent.
I
The Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), 66 Stat. 163,
8 U. S. C. et seq., "governs how persons are admitted
to, and removed from, the United States." Pereida v. Wil-
kinson, (2021). In 1996, Congress enacted
"comprehensive amendments" to the INA through the Illegal
ample, how long an "alien crewman" may remain in this country. Post, at
752 (dissenting opinion) (discussing 8 U. S. C. ). But, as we have
sought to stress, different statutes passed at different times against differ-
ent regulatory backdrops may bear different meanings, and all we address
today is the meaning of (2).
732 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Thomas, J., dissenting

Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act
(IIRIRA), 110 Stat. 3009 -- 546. INS v. St. Cyr, (2001). This case concerns two of IIRIRA's reforms: its
imposition of strict deadlines for voluntary departure, and
its curtailment of an alien's right to judicial review.

A
"Voluntary departure" is a discretionary form of immigra-
tion relief under which "certain favored aliens" can "leave
the country willingly," in lieu of deportation. Dada v. Mu-
kasey, (2008). This relief strikes a bargain
between the Government and eligible aliens. The Govern-
ment saves time and money by shifting the costs of depar-
ture onto the alien. In exchange, the alien retains some con-
trol over the timing and destination of his departure and
escapes the penalties that follow formal deportation. Ante,
at 715.
Page Proof Pending Publication
IIRIRA tightened this bargain by "curtail[ing] the period
of time during which an alien may remain in the United
States pending voluntary departure." Dada, 554 U. S.,
at 9. Gone are the days when aliens permitted to voluntar-
ily depart could " `continue their illegal presence in the
United States for months, and even years.' " Ibid. Now,
a voluntary-departure period granted at the end of an
alien's removal proceedings cannot "excee[d] 60 days."
(2). Aliens who fail to timely depart face stringent
penalties, including a 10-year period of ineligibility for vari-
ous forms of immigration relief. (1); ante, at 716.
To enforce the voluntary-departure deadline, the immigra-
tion judge (IJ) or Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA) must
enter an "alternate order of removal" alongside any grant
of voluntary departure. 8 CFR.26(d), (k)(1) (2024).
That order goes into effect automatically if an alien does not
depart by the deadline.
IIRIRA also permits an alien to give up his grant of vol-
untary departure and pursue other administrative relief.
 Cite as: (2025) 733

Thomas, J., dissenting

Dada, 554 U. S., at 21. The alien may at any time before his
voluntary-departure deadline move to reopen his removal
proceedings or move for reconsideration of his case..26(e)(1). If the alien acts before the deadline, then his
motion will "automatically terminat[e] the grant of voluntary
departure" and cause the "alternate order of removal [to]
take effect," but the alien will not be subject to the penalties
for failure to timely depart..26(c)(3)(iii), (e)(1). If
the deadline "has already expired," however, then a fling
"does not in any way impact the period of time allowed for
voluntary departure" or, outside an exception not rele-
vant here, the penalties for failing to timely depart..26(e)(2).
B
Beyond its substantive constraints, IIRIRA also "instituted
a new" and "signifcantly more restrictive" scheme for judi-
cial review. Reno v. American-Arab Anti-Discrimination
Page Proof Pending Publication
Comm., (1999) (AADC). That scheme
makes the "fnal order of removal" the linchpin of an alien's
right to judicial review. 8 U. S. C..
A fnal order of removal is "a fnal order `concluding that
the alien is deportable or ordering deportation.' " Nas-
rallah v. Bar r, (2020) (47)(A)). Under, an alien can obtain judicial
review of such an order by fling a petition for review in
a federal court of appeals. (1). That section also
makes review of "all questions of law and fact" arising from
an alien's removal proceedings available "only in judicial re-
view of a fnal order" of removal, unless there is an independ-
ent jurisdictional basis. (9).
Our precedents have interpreted to permit judicial
review only of the fnal order of removal itself and two
closely related categories of orders. First, "rulings that af-
fect the validity of the fnal order of removal," such as an
IJ's evidentiary rulings, "merge into the fnal order of re-
moval for purposes of judicial review." Id., at 582. Second,
734 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Thomas, J., dissenting

certain rulings that have an independent jurisdictional basis,
such as an order regarding Convention Against Torture
(CAT) relief, "may be reviewed together with the fnal order
of removal." Id., at 582 -- 583, 585. Beyond these catego-
ries, however, the federal courts lack jurisdiction over
removal-related determinations. See Reyes Mata v. Lynch,
(2015).
C
Petitioner Hugo Monsalvo Velázquez is an alien who was
granted voluntary departure at the end of his removal pro-
ceedings. Before the IJ, he conceded removability but
sought CAT relief or withholding of removal based on an
alleged risk of future persecution. He asked for voluntary
departure in the alternative. The IJ granted only voluntary
departure, while also entering the requisite alternate order
of removal. On appeal, the BIA reset the voluntary-
departure period after it affrmed the IJ's denial of other
Page Proof Pending Publication
relief.
The BIA set Monsalvo's new voluntary-departure period
to run for the 60 days following its decision, which issued on
October 12, 2021. Measured by calendar days, a 60-day pe-
riod would end on Saturday, December 11, 2021.
On Friday, December 10, 2021, Monsalvo submitted a mo-
tion to reopen his removal proceedings via overnight de-
livery service. The motion asserted that, following this
Court's decision in Niz-Chavez v. Garland, 
(2021), Monsalvo was newly eligible for cancellation of re-
moval. Pursuant to a BIA policy not challenged here, this
after-hours motion was not deemed fled until Monday, De-
cember 13, 2021, when the BIA was next open to receive
flings. See BIA Practice Manual.1(a)(1), https://www.justice.gov/eoir/reference-materials/ bia.
The BIA denied Monsalvo's motion both on the merits of
his Niz-Chavez claim and based on the timing of his fling.
On its view, "[t]he 60-day period of voluntary departure ter-
minated on December 11, 2021." App. to Pet. for Cert. 38a.
 Cite as: (2025) 735

Thomas, J., dissenting

Because Monsalvo had failed to depart by that deadline, his
December 13 reopening motion came when he was already
subject to IIRIRA's penalties for failing to timely depart,
including "ineligibil[ity] for... cancellation of removal."
Ibid. Thus, Monsalvo was ineligible for his requested relief.
After Monsalvo moved for reconsideration of only the tim-
ing holding, the BIA reaffrmed its position. "[N]o provi-
sion[,] statute[,] or regulation extend[s] the last day of the
voluntary departure period f[a]lling on a weekend or a legal
holiday to the next business day," it explained, so 60 days
means 60 calendar days. Id., at 34a -- 35a.
Monsalvo petitioned the Tenth Circuit for review of the
BIA's reconsideration ruling. He argued that, when the
voluntary-departure deadline would otherwise fall on a
weekend or holiday, it rolls over to the next business day.
In deciding his petition, the Tenth Circuit frst rejected the
Government's arguments for why it lacked statutory juris-
Page Proof Pending Publication
diction under to review the petition. On the merits,
the court ruled for the Government, agreeing with the BIA
that 60 days means 60 calendar days.
We granted certiorari to review the Tenth Circuit's merits
holding. (2024). But, since then, much of the
briefng -- and our focus at oral argument -- has centered on
the threshold issue of statutory jurisdiction.
The Government raised before this Court a new objection
to the Tenth Circuit's jurisdiction: that Monsalvo's petition
could not support jurisdiction because it did not bear on his
removability. The Government emphasized that Monsalvo
had asked the Tenth Circuit to review only the denial of his
motion for reconsideration, which, unlike his motion for re-
opening, did not ask the BIA to reopen his removal proceed-
ings. Accordingly, he was asking only "to alter a nondispos-
itive portion of the Board's reasoning in its prior decision
declining to reopen proceedings." Brief for Respondent 19.
That unusual request, the Government contended, did not
fall into any category cognizable under.
736 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Thomas, J., dissenting

II
In view of the Government's serious, late-breaking juris-
dictional objection, we should have vacated and remanded
for the Tenth Circuit's review. Although "[o]bjections to a
tribunal's jurisdiction can be raised at any time," Sebelius v.
Auburn Regional Medical Center, (2013),
we need not resolve a belated objection ourselves.
Our "usual practice" is to refrain from deciding "legal...
questions in the frst instance." CRST Van Expedited, Inc.
v. EEOC, (2016). "[W]e are a court of
review, not of frst view." Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005). Accordingly, we ordinarily wait to see
if "the crucible of adversarial testing..., along with the
experience of our thoughtful colleagues on the district and
circuit benches, [can] yield insights (or reveal pitfalls) we can-
not muster guided only by our own lights." Maslenjak v.
United States, (2017) (Gorsuch, J., concur-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ring in part and concurring in judgment).
This Court has routinely vacated and remanded cases so
that lower courts can be the frst to address signifcant new
developments. Zubik v. Burwell, -- 409
(2016) (per curiam) (collecting cases). In a number of cases,
we have taken this course based on emergent jurisdictional
matters specifcally. See, e. g., Frank v. Gaos, 492 -- 493 (2019) (per curiam); Insurance Co. of Pa. v. Ben
Cooper, Inc., (1990).
I would do the same here. Not only was the jurisdictional
issue before us not raised below, but until this point it has
not been passed upon by any court. Tr. of Oral Arg. 12, 67.1
Caution is also especially important for jurisdictional mat-
ters. "Congress' power over federal jurisdiction is `an es-
1
The majority cannot sidestep the novelty of the jurisdictional issue
before us by highlighting that the Government raised other objections to
statutory jurisdiction below. Ante, at 724,. The point remains that
the Government did not raise, and the Tenth Circuit had no opportunity
to consider, the important objection contested before this Court.
 Cite as: (2025) 737

Thomas, J., dissenting

sential ingredient of separation and equilibration of powers,
restraining the courts from acting at certain times, and even
restraining them from acting permanently regarding certain
subjects.' " Patchak v. Zinke, (2018) (plu-
rality opinion) ). When we assume juris-
diction too hastily, we risk aggrandizing ourselves at the
expense of the political branches.
There is no reason for the Court's intervention today. We
did not grant certiorari to address jurisdiction, and -- as its
novel status refects -- the jurisdictional question plainly is
not so pressing as to require immediate resolution. Nor is
the underlying question presented so important as to require
resolution in this case. That question too arises only rarely:
As the Tenth Circuit recognized, its decision below resolved
"an issue of frst impression in th[at] court," which had been
"addressed before by only one other circuit." Velazquez v.
Garland, 88 F. 4th 1301, 1305 (2023).
Page Proof Pending Publication
Of course, we should not hesitate to brush aside baseless
jurisdictional objections. But, the issue here cannot be dis-
missed on that ground. The Government has raised a seri-
ous objection based on the tension between 's removal-
focused jurisdictional framework and Monsalvo's choice to
seek review only of a claim unrelated to removability. We
should not be "the frst" -- and only -- "court in the Nation" to
address that tension. Yee v. Escondido, 
(1992).
III
If required to decide the jurisdictional question, however,
I would conclude that the Tenth Circuit lacked jurisdiction
over Monsalvo's petition. "[T]he party invoking federal ju-
risdiction bears the burden of establishing its existence,"
and, on the admittedly limited briefng before us, Monsalvo
has not met his burden. Steel Co., 523 U. S., at 104. In con-
tending otherwise, Monsalvo and the majority offer two dis-
tinct theories of jurisdiction, but neither holds up.
738 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Thomas, J., dissenting

A
The diffculty for Monsalvo stems from his litigation strat-
egy below. He asked the Tenth Circuit to review only the
BIA's denial of his reconsideration motion. Supra, at 735.
That motion, in turn, challenged only one of the BIA's two
bases for denying his reopening motion. Supra, at 734 -- 735.
Monsalvo objected to the BIA's conclusion that the motion
was untimely, but not its conclusion that it also failed on the
merits. Ibid. In other words, the Government is right to
say that, before the Tenth Circuit, he sought only "to alter a
nondispositive portion of the Board's reasoning" for denying
reopening. Brief for Respondent 19.
That framing fts poorly with, which ties jurisdiction
to a narrow version of the term "fnal order of removal."
Before IIRIRA, the predecessor term "fnal order of depor-
tation" covered " `all determinations made during and inci-
dent to the administrative proceeding' on removability."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at 584 ). But, under IIRIRA, a "fnal order of re-
moval" is only the "fnal order `concluding that the alien
is deportable or ordering deportation.' " 590 U. S., at 579
(47)(A)).
Nasrallah made clear that a "fnal order of removal" refers
only to the portion of an IJ or BIA decision that fnds or
orders removability, not the entirety of that decision. In
that case, we considered whether an alien barred under
(2)(C) from raising a factual challenge to his fnal
order of removal could still factually challenge the denial of
CAT relief. Id., at 576.
We began by considering the nature of the CAT denial.
In the underlying BIA decision, that denial immediately pre-
ceded the alien's removal order:
"FURTHER ORDER: The Immigration Judge's order
granting the respondent's application for deferral of re-
moval under the Convention Against Torture is vacated.
 Cite as: (2025) 739

Thomas, J., dissenting

"FURTHER ORDER: The respondent is ordered re-
moved from the United States to Lebanon pursuant to
the Immigration Judge's August 11, 2016, order." App.
to Pet. for Cert. in Nasrallah v. Barr, O. T. 2019, No.
18 -- 1432, p. 21a.
Still, every Member of this Court recognized that the CAT
denial was a distinct order, and not part of the removal
order. 590 U. S., at 582; id., at 591 (Thomas, J., dissenting).
The Nasrallah majority then concluded that the distinct
status of a CAT order preserved Nasrallah's factual chal-
lenge to that order. On its understanding, (2)(C)
constrained only Nasrallah's ability to challenge his fnal
order of removal itself, plus any "rulings that affect[ed] the
validity of the fnal order of removal" and so "merge[d] into
the fnal order of removal for purposes of judicial review."
Id., at 582. Because the CAT order fell into neither cate-
gory, and instead had a separate jurisdictional basis, Nas-
Page Proof Pending Publication
rallah could still pursue his factual challenge to the CAT
order "together with the fnal order of removal." Id., at
582 -- 583.2
Although this conclusion aided Nasrallah, it cuts against
Monsalvo. Unlike a CAT claimant, Monsalvo cannot point
to any basis for jurisdiction other than (1). To es-
tablish jurisdiction, he must show that his petition before the
Tenth Circuit challenged either the fnal order of removal
2
I adhere to my disagreement with Nasrallah's disposition. See 590
U. S., at 589 -- 591 (dissenting opinion). On my view, the (2)(C) bar
applies to all claims governed by (9)'s "zipper clause." Ibid.
That clause "consolidates `all questions of law and fact... arising from
any action taken or proceeding brought to remove an alien' " into review
of the fnal order of removal, where they are equally subject to 's
"limitations on fnal orders of removal." Id., at 591 -- 592. " `Arising
from' " is a sweeping term, and a CAT order issued during a removal
proceeding falls within its ambit. Id., at 591. Regardless, because this
case turns on jurisdictional categories to which the Nasrallah majority
agreed that the zipper clause applies, my disagreement is of no moment
here. See ibid.
740 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Thomas, J., dissenting

itself, as Nasrallah construed it, or at least the validity of
that order. Supra, at 733 -- 734. But, in seeking review only
of a "nondispositive portion of the Board's reasoning," Mon-
salvo's petition did neither. Brief for Respondent 19.
Monsalvo all but conceded below that his petition did not
bear on his fnal order of removal. As he explained in his
Tenth Circuit briefng, he "was not seeking to `vacate the
order of removal against him.' " Ibid., pp. 5 -- 6 (sealed)). He
explained that a ruling that the BIA was wrong about the
date of his voluntary-departure deadline " `would have no ef-
fect whatever' " on " `the underlying order of removal.' "
Brief for Respondent 19, at 5; emphasis deleted). Monsalvo
sought only a collateral advantage: If his voluntary-
departure deadline did not expire until December 13, then
his motion to reopen -- fled the same day -- would have can-
celed his grant of voluntary departure without making him
Page Proof Pending Publication
subject to the penalties associated with failing to timely de-
part, such as "ineligibility for future immigration relief." 88
F. 4th, at 1307.
It thus is not apparent how the Tenth Circuit had jurisdic-
tion to hear Monsalvo's case. Section 1252 allows review of
a limited range of removal-related matters; it is not a vehicle
to head off unwanted postremoval consequences.

B
Monsalvo's attempt to reconceptualize his challenge is un-
persuasive. He argues before this Court that the penalties
for failing to timely depart are not collateral consequences,
but terms of his fnal order of removal. Reply Brief 4. If
we recognized that his motion to reopen was fled before his
voluntary-departure deadline, he says, then those terms
would disappear, and the order would transform into one
"without any severe penalties." Ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 741

Thomas, J., dissenting

Monsalvo divines this conclusion from the BIA's original
decision on his removability, in which the BIA affrmed the
IJ's denial of CAT and withholding relief. Monsalvo reads
that decision to state that, if he failed to timely depart, a
fnal order of removal with "three distinct terms" would go
into effect: frst, that he " `shall be removed' "; second, that
he " `shall be subject to a [monetary] penalty' "; and third,
that he " `shall be ineligible for a period of 10 years for any
further relief under [certain INA provisions].' " Id., at 5. "If the Tenth Cir-
cuit had granted the petition for review," he says, "the result
would have been to delete Clauses 2 and 3" from this removal
order. Reply Brief 5.
This argument conficts with Nasrallah. Again, that de-
cision made clear that a fnal order of removal refers only to
the portion of the IJ's or BIA's decision " `concluding that the
alien is deportable or ordering deportation.' " 590 U. S., at
579 (47)(A)). Other directives do not qual-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ify, even if they are imposed concurrently. Thus, just as we
recognized that the CAT order in Nasrallah was not a fnal
order of removal, id., at 582, an order levying penalties upon
Monsalvo for failure to timely depart is also distinct. In at-
tempting to collapse the latter order into his fnal order of
removal, Monsalvo wrongly attempts to revive the pre-
IIRIRA approach. Supra, at 738.
Moreover, Monsalvo misunderstands the function of the
BIA's penalty language. That language did not purport to
impose liability on him in the event of his failure to timely
depart. Rather, it carried out the BIA's statutory obligation
to give him "notice" of the penalties listed in the INA for
untimeliness:
"NOTICE: If a respondent fails to voluntarily depart
the United States within the time period specifed, or
any extensions granted by the DHS, the respondent
shall be subject to a civil penalty as provided by the
742 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Thomas, J., dissenting

regulations and the statute, and shall be ineligible for a
period of 10 years for any further relief under [certain
INA provisions]. See section 240B(d) of the [INA]."
App. to Pet. for Cert. 42a -- 43a.
See also (3).
In other words, even if the "notice" paragraph could be
considered part of his fnal order of removal, the statements
therein are not "terms" of an order that restrict Monsalvo.
Rather, those statements merely notify Monsalvo of the law.
They retain the same force and effect whether or not Mon-
salvo met his voluntary-departure deadline. The underlying
source of Monsalvo's current exposure to liability is instead
the INA. (codifying INA (d), 110 Stat.
3009 -- 597). So, the "notice" paragraph is not the true target
of Monsalvo's petition, and it cannot supply jurisdiction.
The same is true of the IJ order that the BIA incorporated
by reference. That order is the alternate order of removal
Page Proof Pending Publication
that the IJ entered when granting voluntary departure.
See supra, at 734. It simply stated that "respondent shall be
removed to Mexico on the charge in his Notice to Appear."
App. to Pet. for Cert. 51a. And, although the IJ's decision
also warned of the statutory consequences associated with
untimeliness, this warning too was just an acknowledgment
of the "penalties... under Section 240B(d)." Id., at 51a -- 
52a. So, that removal order is no more helpful for Monsalvo.
In short, Monsalvo's theory rests on a misunderstanding
of both the scope of a fnal order of removal and the meaning
of the supposed "terms" of this order. Because he bears the
jurisdictional burden, these shortcomings should be disposi-
tive. Steel Co., 523 U. S., at 104.3
3
To the extent Monsalvo suggests that courts of appeals have jurisdic-
tion to review reconsideration decisions as a categorical matter, he mis-
reads both 8 U. S. C. and Reyes Mata v. Lynch, (2015).
Section 1252(b)(9) does not authorize review of " `all questions of law and
fact... arising from' the removal proceedings." Reply Brief 3. Rather,
it specifes that, absent an independent jurisdictional basis, such questions
 Cite as: (2025) 743

Thomas, J., dissenting

C
For its part, the majority declines to defend Monsalvo's
jurisdictional theory. Arguments for jurisdiction are not
exempt from principles of party presentation and forfeiture,
so that choice should be the end of the jurisdictional road.
See, e. g., TransUnion LLC v. Ramirez, -- 
435, (2021).
Instead, the majority develops its own theory for jurisdic-
tion, based on reasoning that appeared nowhere in the
briefng or at oral argument. The majority agrees with
Monsalvo that he seeks review of a "term" in his fnal order
of removal, but it identifes the relevant term as the BIA's
provision of a 60-day voluntary-departure period. Ante, at
720. And, the majority concludes, the Tenth Circuit had au-
thority to interpret the meaning of "60 days" in this "term"
under its jurisdiction to review " `fnal order[s] of removal' "
and " `questions of law... arising from' them." Ante, at 722
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1), (b)(9)). The majority errs with both
premises.
1
Like Monsalvo, the majority errs by assuming that Mon-
salvo's challenge goes to his fnal order of removal. To con-
clude that the grant of voluntary departure is part of Monsal-
vo's fnal order of removal, the majority appears to view the
order as comprising the BIA's entire decision. See ante,
of law and fact are reviewable only if brought "in judicial review of a fnal
order under this section." (9). That language thus facilitates
reviewability only if a petitioner has in fact sought review of a fnal order
of removal.
Reyes Mata did not suggest otherwise in noting that courts have long
reviewed reconsideration decisions, and that (6) "contemplates"
review of such decisions, in the course of reviewing fnal orders of removal.
576 U. S., at 147 -- 148. Those points do not confict with the rule that a
petitioner generally must challenge a fnal order of removal before he can
raise other issues alongside that challenge. See (6) (permitting
consolidation of a challenge to a "motion to... reconsider the order"
"[w]hen a petitioner seeks review of an order under this section").
744 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Thomas, J., dissenting

at 720. But, such a broad construction conficts with Nas-
rallah's recognition that the CAT order was distinct, even
when situated alongside a fnal order of removal in the same
decision. See supra, at 738 -- 740. Following Nasrallah, a
grant of voluntary departure is a separate order that "is not
itself a fnal order of removal." 590 U. S., at 582. The
BIA's regulations refect that point: They speak separately
of an "order granting voluntary departure" and an "order of
removal." 8 CFR.26(c)(3). The scope of Monsalvo's
voluntary-departure period is therefore a question about the
voluntary-departure order, not the fnal order of removal.
The majority ignores Nasrallah's narrow interpretation of
a "fnal order of removal." Brushing past the logic of that
decision, the majority summarily asserts that Nasrallah is
consistent with its view that a fnal order of removal encom-
passes the entire accompanying BIA decision. Ante, at 723.
But, Nasrallah's holding (that a CAT order is " `not part of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the removal order' ") cannot be divorced from its reasoning
(how to identify the removal order). Contra, ante, at 723.
In discarding Nasrallah, the majority instead relies on the
parties' supposed agreement that the entire BIA decision
constitutes a "fnal order of removal." It asserts that the
parties have agreed that, "[o]n October 12, 2021, the Board
issued an order which... constituted a fnal order of re-
moval." Ante, at 720. But, "federal courts have an inde-
pendent obligation to ensure that they do not exceed the
scope of their jurisdiction," so we can accept the assumption
that we are reviewing a fnal order of removal only if it is in
fact true. Henderson v. Shinseki, (2011).
Regardless, the majority's claim of agreement between the
parties rests on a misreading of both parties' arguments.
Although the Government agrees that the BIA decision con-
tains a fnal order of removal, see Tr. of Oral Arg. 38, it
rejects Monsalvo's position that this order and the BIA deci-
sion are one and the same. As the Government explains, it
had previously taken the broader view based on pre-IIRIRA
 Cite as: (2025) 745

Thomas, J., dissenting

case law, but this Court "rejected [it] in Nasrallah." Id., at
35, 60. For his part, Monsalvo does purport to "challeng[e]
the terms of his removal order," Reply Brief 5, but the ma-
jority misunderstands which terms Monsalvo puts in issue.
It asserts that he seeks clarifcation of what his "order
meant" with respect to his obligation "to leave voluntarily
`within 60 days.' " Ante, at 720. But, as explained, Mon-
salvo actually views the relevant terms as the statutory pen-
alties invoked by the BIA. Supra, at 740 -- 741.4 The major-
ity's framing of the "fnal order of removal" in this case rests
on a stipulation that no party makes.

2
Even if Monsalvo's voluntary-departure order could be
considered part of his fnal order of removal, it does not fol-
low that the Tenth Circuit would have had jurisdiction over
a request to clarify the meaning of "60 days." As relevant
Page Proof Pending Publication
here, confers jurisdiction only for "[j]udicial review of
a fnal order of removal." (1). The majority as-
sumes that a request for clarifcation would qualify, but that
assumption is debatable at best. Ante, at 720 -- 721.
Until now, we have understood to "ves[t] the courts
of appeals with the authority to consider petitions challeng-
ing `fnal orders' commanding the `removal' of aliens from the
United States." Calcano-Martinez v. INS, (2001). A request for clarifcation about an order's
meaning, standing alone, is not a challenge to that order. It
does not ask the court to "disturb the fnal order of removal"
in any way. Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at 582. Rather, it
amounts to a request for a declaratory judgment, if not an
advisory opinion.
4
As best I can tell, Monsalvo does not even view the "60 days" language
as a term in his fnal order of removal. He states that the order contains
only "three distinct terms" -- the directive that he " `shall be removed,' "
and the two clauses regarding penalties for failure to timely depart.
Reply Brief 5 ; see supra, at 741.
746 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Thomas, J., dissenting

Extending to reach such a request is hard to square
with our conception of judicial review more generally. "The
question before an appellate Court is, was the judgment cor-
rect." McClung v. Silliman, 6 Wheat. 598, 603 (1821).
After all, "our power is to correct wrong judgments, not to
revise opinions." Herb v. Pitcairn, (1945).
Given that we have not previously confronted this issue,
and the parties have not briefed it, I express no defnitive
view. But, it seems at minimum questionable whether an
alien who does not oppose the disposition of his fnal order
of removal seeks "review" of that order under.
The majority skips over this issue by resorting to
(9), which it reads to allow a court of appeals to ad-
dress any " `questions of law... arising from' " a term in a
fnal order of removal. Ante, at 722. But, (9) is
a "jurisdictional limitation," not a grant of jurisdiction.
AADC, 525 U. S., at 482 -- 483. It specifes that judicial re-
view of all questions of law arising from removal proceedings
Page Proof Pending Publication
"shall be available only in judicial review of a fnal order
under this section." (9). That provision thus does
not say that an alien can raise any question of law. Rather,
absent an independent jurisdictional basis, "a federal court
has jurisdiction to review" such a question only "when the
court reviews a `fnal order' of removal." Johnson v.
Arteaga-Martinez, (2022) (Thomas, J., con-
curring). Section 1252(b)(9) accordingly does not resolve
what it means for a court to "review" a fnal order of
removal.
IV
Finally, policy considerations cannot change our analysis.
The majority highlights that ruling against Monsalvo on ju-
risdictional grounds would lead to a curious result. We
would invite pointless litigation, the majority asserts, if we
held that requires "an individual [to] include in his
petition some challenge to his `removability' from this coun-
 Cite as: (2025) 747

Thomas, J., dissenting

try." Ante, at 721. But, even if true, this consequence is
beside the point.
"[W]e must enforce the statute that Congress enacted."
Obduskey v. McCarthy & Holthus LLP, 
(2019). That means giving effect to Congress's decision in
to "substantially limi[t] the availability of judicial re-
view," Nken v. Holder, (2009), specifcally
by permitting review of "all questions of law... arising from
any action taken or proceeding brought to remove an alien"
only in the course of reviewing a "fnal order of removal."
(1), (b)(9). And, it means giving effect to Nasral-
lah's narrow reading of the term "fnal order of removal."
In many cases, a petitioner will still be able to obtain judi-
cial review even under 's "more restrictive" scheme.
AADC, 525 U. S., at 475. In Nasrallah, for example, the
Court understood its reading of "fnal order of removal" to
beneft Nasrallah. 590 U. S., at 582 -- 583. But, the logic of
that decision applies just the same when its effect is to pre-
Page Proof Pending Publication
clude judicial review.
All this is not to say that denies Monsalvo his day
in court. Perhaps, as the Government suggests, things
would have been different if he had also challenged the BIA's
reopening decision. Brief for Respondent 20. Or, perhaps
he could still pursue relief in non-removal-related litigation,
such as by fling suit under the Administrative Procedure
Act "after unsuccessfully seeking [the Government] to return
his voluntary departure bond or to adjust his status in the
country." Tr. of Oral Arg. 32. But, we cannot "rewrite the
laws passed by Congress and signed by the President" to
shield Monsalvo from the consequences of his choice to chal-
lenge only the BIA's reconsideration decision. Nasrallah,
590 U. S., at 583.
* * *
Because "a congressional grant of jurisdiction is a prereq-
uisite to the exercise of judicial power" in this case, this
748 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Alito, J., dissenting

Court must carefully abide by Congress's jurisdictional stric-
tures. Patchak, 583 U. S., at 254 (plurality opinion). We
thus should have vacated and remanded for the Tenth Cir-
cuit's consideration of the jurisdictional issue. Disregarding
Monsalvo's jurisdictional burden, the majority instead fnds
jurisdiction based on an unpersuasive theory of its own cre-
ation. I respectfully dissent.

Justice Alito, with whom Justice Kavanaugh joins,
dissenting.
I agree with Justice Thomas that the Court should re-
mand this case for the Court of Appeals to decide in the
frst instance whether it possessed jurisdiction to entertain
petitioner's petition for review. That case-specifc argument
was not raised below, and we did not grant review to decide
it. If forced to decide the jurisdictional question, however,
I would agree with Justice Thomas and Justice Barrett
Page Proof Pending Publication
that the Court of Appeals lacked jurisdiction. But because
the Court has rejected those jurisdictional arguments, I
write separately to explain why, in my view, the Court's anal-
ysis of the merits is wrong.
The merits question in this case -- whether petitioner left
the United States within "60 days" after October 12, 2021 -- 
is straightforward. The 60th "day" after October 12, 2021,
was Saturday, December 11, 2021. And petitioner failed to
depart the country by that Saturday. Saturday is a day of
the week, and there is no reason why petitioner could not
have left the country on or before that date. Petitioner
gives us no reason to believe -- and I am aware of none -- that
the roads to Mexico, his home country, were closed; so he
could have driven or taken a bus across the border. He also
could have fown to Mexico or any other country that would
admit him. Nevertheless, the Court holds that he was enti-
tled to a 2-day extension because the last day of his volun-
tary departure deadline happened to fall on a weekend.
There is no justifcation for that decision.
 Cite as: (2025) 749

Alito, J., dissenting

The Court is sympathetic to petitioner's plight, but the
relevant statutory provision, 8 U. S. C. (2), sets a
deadline, and no matter how such a deadline is calculated,
there will always be those who happen to miss it by a day
or so. And that will be true whether the deadline is always
60 days or is sometimes extended to 61, 62, or 63 days.
There will always be a sympathetic pro se alien1 who is
a day or two late. Unless the Court is willing to extend
the statutory deadline indefnitely, it would presumably be
forced to say in such cases that a day too late is just too bad.
For this reason, sympathy for petitioner cannot justify the
Court's decision.
That is especially true because today's decision will affect
cases other than petitioner's. We have not been told how
many aliens who are granted voluntary departure are or-
dered to leave within a specifed number of days after the
date of the relevant order, but assuming that roughly the
same number of such orders are issued on each day from
Page Proof Pending Publication
Monday through Friday, it is probable that nearly half of the
departure deadlines in such cases will fall on a Saturday,
Sunday, or federal holiday. As a result, these individuals
will be given a windfall that is not enjoyed by most other
similarly situated aliens. As I shall explain, there is no good
reason for that disparate treatment.

I
"Voluntary departure" is part of a bargain that benefts
both the Government and an alien who is subject to removal.
When such an alien voluntarily leaves, the Government is
spared "the expense of deportation," and the alien "avoids
extended detention," "can select the country of destination,"
and -- what is perhaps most important -- avoids the restric-
1
The Immigration and Nationality Act uses the term "alien," which is
defned as "any person not a citizen or national of the United States." 66
Stat. 166, 8 U. S. C. (3). Thus, in the language of the Act, "alien"
and "noncitizen" are not synonymous.
750 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Alito, J., dissenting

tion on readmission that results from deportation. Dada v.
Mukasey, (2008). Federal immigration law
has permitted this mutually benefcial bargain for nearly a
century. See Alien Registration Act of 1940, 54 Stat. 672.
That bargain is effective only if the alien lives up to his
promise to depart, and in the past that promise was not al-
ways kept. For some time, voluntary departure agreements
did not include a specifc deadline, and some aliens who had
agreed to leave " `continue[d] their illegal presence in the
United States for months, and even years.' " Dada, 554
U. S., at 9. In 1996,
Congress tried to fx that problem by enacting the statutory
deadline at issue here. It provides that -- in typical circum-
stances -- "[p]ermission to depart voluntarily... shall not
be valid for a period exceeding 60 days. " 8 U. S. C.
(2). In compliance with this provision, the Board
Page Proof Pending Publication
of Immigration Appeals (BIA) issued an order giving pe-
titioner "60 days to voluntarily depart..., the maxi-
mum period allowed by [(2)]." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 40a.
We generally presume that terms used in statutes carry
the same meaning they have in ordinary usage. See Niz-
Chavez v. Garland, (2021) ("When called
on to resolve a dispute over a statute's meaning, this Court
normally seeks to afford the law's terms their ordinary
meaning at the time Congress adopted them"). Therefore,
when interpreting the term "days" in (2), we should
start with the presumption that it means what it means in
ordinary usage: "a division of time equal to 24 hours and
representing the average length of the period during which
the earth makes one rotation on its axis." Random House
Webster's Unabridged Dictionary 510 (2d ed. 2001). Satur-
days, Sundays, and holidays ft this defnition, so they pre-
sumptively qualify as "days" within the meaning of the stat-
 Cite as: (2025) 751

Alito, J., dissenting

ute. Is there any reason to fnd that this presumption is
overcome?
The Court's answer is "yes" because, in its view, the term
"days," as used in the voluntary departure provision, has
the special meaning that often applies in provisions that set
deadlines for fling papers in a court or government offce.
See, e. g., Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 6(a)(1)(C); Fed. Rule App.
Proc. 26(a)(1)(C). But the justifcation for this special rule -- 
the fact that fling papers in a court or government offce on
a weekend or holiday is often diffcult or impossible -- has no
application where the task that must be accomplished may
be done just as easily on any day of the week. And that is
certainly the case here. Petitioner has not provided any
reason why he could not have departed on Saturday Decem-
ber 11 or Sunday December 12. He has not claimed, for ex-
ample, that his religion prohibited him from traveling on
either or both of those days. And on those days, he could
have left the United States by car, bus, or plane. So why
Page Proof Pending Publication
should anyone think that he was entitled to an extension
giving him, not the 60 days prescribed by statute, but an
extra two days? In the absence of some strong contrary
indication, "affected individuals and courts alike are entitled
to assume statutory terms bear their ordinary meaning."
Niz-Chavez, 593 U. S., at 163. "[U]ntil and unless someone
points to evidence" that a statute bears an alternative, "spe-
cialized" meaning, we assume that the ordinary meaning con-
trols. Ibid. And there is nothing here that can overcome
that usual assumption.
II
A
The Court rejects the ordinary meaning of the statutory
language because, in its view, 8 U. S. C. (2) incorpo-
rated a " `longstanding administrative construction' " of the
term "days," according to which a deadline in the immigra-
tion laws is taken to extend if the fnal day lands on a week-
752 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Alito, J., dissenting

end or holiday. Ante, at 725. But this argument fails be-
cause the regulatory defnition on which it rests applies by
its terms only to deadlines that appear in the immigration
regulations. When Congress enacted the voluntary depar-
ture deadline in 1996, the pertinent regulation stated that
"[t]he term day when computing the period of time for tak-
ing any action provided in this chapter" -- that is, in the rele-
vant chapter of the regulations -- "shall include Saturdays,
Sundays, and legal holidays, except that when the last day
of the period so computed falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or a
legal holiday, the period shall run until the end of the next
day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, nor a legal holiday." 8
CFR.1(h) (1996).2 So even if Congress
had enacted this provision into law, it would not have af-
fected the meaning of (2).
In an effort to draw some support from this regulation,
the Court disregards its specifc terms and contends that it
embodied a broader rule for counting days that applies even
Page Proof Pending Publication
when the action that must be taken by the deadline can be
done just as easily on weekends and holidays as on ordinary
business days. It is doubtful, however, that the Court is
ready to embrace all the implications of this argument. The
term "days" appears numerous times in the immigration
laws. Does the Court think that every one of these provi-
sions incorporates its unorthodox counting rule? Consider,
for example, 8 U. S. C., which provides that in most
instances an "alien crewman" may not be permitted to "land
temporarily in the United States" for more than 29 days.
Suppose that the 29th day is a Saturday. Does that mean
that the alien crewman may stay an additional two days?
There are many other similar provisions. See, e. g.,
(1) (permitting the waiver of the usual visa require-
ments for a tourist seeking entry for up to 90 days); 
2
A substantially identical defnition now appears in 8 CFR.2 and
1001.1(h) (2024).
 Cite as: (2025) 753

Alito, J., dissenting

(requiring certain visa applicants to establish that they are
"actually willing to conclude a valid marriage" to an identi-
fed citizen within 90 days of arrival); (13)(C)(ii) (pro-
viding that an already admitted alien is regarded as seeking
admission if he has been absent from the United States for
"a continuous period in excess of 180 days"); (7) (pro-
viding that an alien is not of "good moral character" if he
has been imprisoned, in a relevant timeframe, for an aggre-
gate period of 180 days or more).
If, as I assume, the Court does not mean to hold that its
unorthodox interpretation of the term "days" applies to
every immigration provision that contains that term, then
the most that might be said about the counting rule on which
it relies is that it is presumptively incorporated when its un-
derlying rationale -- the impossibility or diffculty of compli-
ance on a weekend or holiday -- is applicable. And if that is
so, that construction does not apply to the voluntary depar-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ture deadline.
I would view this case differently if it involved an adminis-
trative interpretation of a statute that contains a technical
term or a term that has a special meaning in a particular
industry. In United States v. Hill, (1993), for
example, we noted "well established" treasury regulations
that refected an "accepted distinction" between the terms
"mineral deposit" and "mineral enterprise," at least for
the purpose of taxing certain mineral interests. Id., at 553 -- 
554. And we assumed that Congress "relied" on that "ac-
cepted distinction" when it used the term "mineral deposit"
in a tax provision. Id., at 553. See also Corning Glass
Works v. Brennan, (1974) ("[W]here Con-
gress has used technical words or terms of art, `it [is] proper
to explain them by reference to the art or science to which
they [are] appropriate' "). Here, however, the critical term
is a commonplace word used countless times in everyday
speech.
754 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Alito, J., dissenting

In sum, Congress had no reason to expect that the purely
regulatory defnition of "day" was a "longstanding adminis-
trative construction" that would in any way bear on the
meaning of "day" in the voluntary departure provision.

B
Without support for its interpretation in ordinary lan-
guage or any special defnition that is applicable in a situa-
tion like the one at hand, the Court moves on to the pre-
sumption of consistent usage, i. e., the presumption that a
term has the same meaning throughout a statute. See Pow-
erex Corp. v. Reliant Energy Services, Inc., (2007) ("[I]dentical words and phrases within the same
statute should normally be given the same meaning" (em-
phasis added)). Invoking this presumption, the Court rea-
sons as follows: The term "days" appears not only in the pro-
vision fxing the deadline for voluntary departure, but also
Page Proof Pending Publication
in neighboring provisions that set certain fling deadlines.
Ante, at 726 (6)(B) (motion for re-
consideration of removal order "must be fled within 30 days
of the date of entry of a fnal administrative order of re-
moval"); (7)(C)(i) (motion to reopen removal pro-
ceedings "shall be fled within 90 days of the date of entry
of a fnal administrative order of removal")). As the Court
notes, the Government concedes that those fling deadlines
extend to the next business day when the fnal day lands on
a weekend or holiday. Ante, at 726. And the Court therefore concludes that the
same rule should apply to the voluntary departure deadline.
By citing the Government's concession about the fling
deadline provisions, the Court attempts to cloud the real
question, which is whether this Court should interpret the
term "days" in the fling provisions and the departure provi-
sion as having the same meaning or two different meanings.
After all, the mere fact that the Government believes that
 Cite as: (2025) 755

Alito, J., dissenting

the section's fling deadlines should extend when they land
on a weekend or holiday does not bind us. Cf. Loper Bright
Enterprises v. Raimondo, -- 390, 412 -- 413
(2024). And the Court's willingness to accept the Govern-
ment's interpretation of the relevant provisions is notably
selective. The Court eagerly adopts the Government's in-
terpretation of the fling provisions but rejects the Govern-
ment's position regarding the voluntary departure provision.
So, I repeat, the real question is what this Court should
hold regarding the meaning of the term "days" in the provi-
sions in question. We have three choices. First, we could
hold that "days" has its ordinary meaning in both the volun-
tary departure and the fling provisions. Second, we could
hold that the term has a specialized meaning -- that it incor-
porates the rule that a deadline should extend when the fnal
day lands on a weekend or holiday -- in all the provisions.
Or third, we could hold that the term "days" in the voluntary
departure provision has the term's ordinary meaning but
Page Proof Pending Publication
that the same term, as used in the fling provisions, has the
specialized meaning that often applies in provisions of that
kind.
The presumption of consistent usage cannot justify the
choice of the second option rather than the frst, and the
Court does not explain why its preferred option (number
two) is better than option three, which heeds the ordinary
meaning of the term "days" except where there is a reason
to adopt a specialized meaning. We presume that a term
has the same meaning in all provisions of a law, but the pre-
sumption can be overcome, and there is a strong argument
that it should be overcome here due to the unique rule that
has long been applied to many fling deadlines.

C
Notably, when faced with the possibility that its counting
rule might apply to every provision of the immigration laws
756 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Alito, J., dissenting

that includes the term "day," the Court retreats from the
presumption of consistent usage. It asserts that "different
statutes passed at different times against different regula-
tory backdrops may bear different meanings." Ante, at 731,. The Court agrees, then, that we must look at the spe-
cifc circumstances under which the fling and the voluntary
departure deadlines were enacted to determine whether the
term "day" should be given the same meaning in each
provision.
In this case, those circumstances support the inference
that Congress intended for the fling deadlines, but not the
voluntary departure deadline, to extend when the fnal day
lands on a weekend or holiday. As the Court notes, since at
least the 1950s, the immigration regulations have provided
that deadlines in the regulations are extended when the fnal
day falls on a weekend or holiday. See ante, at 725 -- 726 (cit-
ing 8 CFR.1(a)(6) (1958)). When Congress enacted the
Page Proof Pending Publication
statutory fling deadlines, it parroted fling deadlines that
already appeared in those regulations, and it did so at the
"recommendatio[n]" of the Executive Branch. Dada, 554
U. S., at 13 -- 14. It is therefore quite possible that Congress
had the regulatory defnition of "day" in mind when it
enacted the statutory fling deadlines. The same, however,
cannot be said for the voluntary departure deadline because
it had no regulatory precursor.
The Court dismisses this important distinction by assert-
ing that "[e]xactly nothing in hints that deadlines found
there should operate differently." Ante, at 729. But of
course, exactly nothing in says that "day" should be
given a specialized technical meaning either. The Court's
departure from ordinary meaning is premised on its view
that Congress adopted a " `longstanding administrative con-
struction.' " Ante, at 725. If the Court is going to look to
regulatory history to determine the meaning of the statute's
terms, it cannot simply close its eyes when that regulatory
 Cite as: (2025) 757

Alito, J., dissenting

history suggests that the voluntary departure deadline
should be treated differently.3

D
The Court's fnal argument is that the fling and voluntary
departure deadlines are "intertwined" and that a uniform
interpretation is therefore "sensible." Ante, at 730. Peti-
tioner, for example, was subject to both a deadline to volun-
tarily depart and a separate deadline to move to reopen his
removal proceedings. In reality, however, petitioner only
faces penalties for violating one of those deadlines: the 60-
day voluntary departure deadline. No one argues here that
petitioner was also at risk of missing his deadline to fle a
motion to reopen. After the BIA issued its order of October
12, petitioner had 90 days to move to reopen the removal
proceeding, see 8 U. S. C. (7)(C)(i), which meant he
had until January 10, 2022. He fled his motion well before
Page Proof Pending Publication
that date, so the fling deadline was not implicated in his
case. But because he had sought and had been granted the
opportunity to leave the country voluntarily, he was required
either to comply with the departure deadline or move to re-
open before that deadline. See (1)(B). By failing
to timely depart, petitioner became ineligible for relief from
removal, and his motion to reopen was destined to fail on the
merits. Ibid.
* * *

3
The Court contends that the Government implicitly accepted its under-
standing of the term "days" when it promulgated a regulation refecting
the voluntary departure deadline, see ante, at 726 -- 727, but that is simply
not true. The regulation incorporating the voluntary departure deadline
provides that "[i]n no event can the total period of time [to voluntarily
depart], including any extension, exceed... 60 days as set forth in Section
240B of the Act." 8 CFR.26(f). Thus, the regu-
lation pointedly notes that the voluntary departure deadline is governed
by the statute, not any regulation.
758 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Barrett, J., dissenting

The provision before us is straightforward. It provides
that "[p]ermission to depart voluntarily... shall not be valid
for a period exceeding 60 days." (2). Because I
see no reason to apply a "specialized" defnition of "day," I
would take that language for what it's worth. "60 days"
means "60 days."
I must therefore respectfully dissent.

Justice Barrett, with whom Justice Kavanaugh
joins, dissenting.
I agree with Justice Thomas that the Court is wrong
about jurisdiction, but my reasoning is different from his.
Justice Thomas would hold that "a `fnal order of removal'
refers only to the portion of an [Immigration Judge] or
[Board of Immigration Appeals] decision that fnds or orders
removability, not the entirety of that decision." Ante, at 738
(dissenting opinion). Meanwhile, the Court seems to believe
Page Proof Pending Publication
that the entirety of an IJ or BIA decision fnding removabil-
ity is the "fnal order of removal." Ante, at 722 (opinion of
the Court). In short, Justice Thomas and the Court dis-
agree about how much of the document issued by an IJ or
the BIA is open to challenge: The whole thing? Or just the
underlying conclusion that the noncitizen is removable?
I would leave that dispute for another day. In my view,
there is no need to debate the scope of the removal order,
because no matter how broadly you construe it, Monsalvo
does not dispute a single word in it.
The Tenth Circuit had jurisdiction if and only if Monsalvo's
petition for review sought "[j]udicial review of a fnal order
of removal" under 8 U. S. C.. An " `order of re-
moval' " is an "order `concluding that the alien is deportable
or ordering deportation.' " Nasrallah v. Barr, (2020) (47)(A)). Generally, an order is
entered by an IJ and becomes "fnal" if it is affrmed by the
BIA. (47)(B)(i). This Court has held that nonciti-
zens may challenge (1) fnal orders of removal themselves;
 Cite as: (2025) 759

Barrett, J., dissenting

(2) certain orders brought alongside fnal orders of removal;
and (3) rulings that affect the validity of fnal orders of re-
moval. See id., at 580 -- 583. These three categories have
something in common: Each requires the noncitizen to con-
test some element of the fnal order of removal.
Yet Monsalvo did not dispute anything in the IJ and BIA
decisions fnding him removable. He asked the Tenth Cir-
cuit to review only the BIA's denial of his motion to recon-
sider its denial of his motion to reopen his removal proceed-
ings. (As these procedural twists and turns suggest, this
case comes to us in an idiosyncratic posture.) In his motion
to reconsider, Monsalvo had asked the BIA to revisit only its
opinion that he had fled his motion to reopen before the
expiration of the voluntary departure period -- a view that
the BIA had expressed in its denial of Monsalvo's motion to
reopen. The decisions fnding him removable, however, did
not address how to count days under (2), much less
Page Proof Pending Publication
whether Monsalvo had overstayed his voluntary removal pe-
riod. So any way you slice it, Monsalvo's petition for review
did not seek "[j]udicial review of a fnal order of removal"
under (1). Proof? Even after Monsalvo's victory
in this Court today, every word in the IJ and BIA decisions
fnding him removable remains legally valid.
I am unpersuaded by the Court's rationale for jurisdiction.
The Court attempts to reframe what is really a request for
clarifcation about the meaning of (2) as a "chal-
lenge" to a notice provision in the original voluntary depar-
ture order. Ante, at 719 -- 722. But -- even assuming that the
now-inoperative voluntary departure order has any rele-
vance at this stage -- a request for clarifcation about the or-
der's meaning simply does not speak to the validity of the
order itself. See ante, at 745 -- 746 (Thomas, J., dissenting).
The Court's only response is that my reading of (1)
is inconsistent with (9), also known as the "zipper
clause." Ante, at 723 -- 724. This argument is puzzling.
Section 1252(b)(9) provides that certain forms of judicial re-
760 MONSALVO VELÁZQUEZ v. BONDI

Barrett, J., dissenting

view "shall be available only in judicial review of a fnal order
under this section." It therefore underscores that judicial
review is available under (1) only if there is a chal-
lenge to a "fnal order of removal." And here, for the rea-
sons that I have explained, there is no such challenge.
In short, the Court has no answer to the most important
question: How can Monsalvo seek judicial review of his fnal
order of removal while conceding that his fnal order of re-
moval was lawful? He cannot, so the Tenth Circuit lacked
jurisdiction.*
* * *
The exact scope of a "fnal order of removal" has conse-
quences for a host of fact patterns besides the unusual one
before us, and because Monsalvo has not challenged any por-
tion of the IJ and BIA decisions fnding him removable, I
would leave the issue alone. Still, I share Justice Thom-
as's bottom line: The Court should not have addressed the
Page Proof Pending Publication
jurisdictional question at all, and, having forged ahead any-
way, it got the answer wrong. I respectfully dissent.

*At oral argument, the Government represented that Monsalvo had
other avenues for securing a judicial determination whether he had over-
stayed his voluntary departure period. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 32. Mon-
salvo could have asked the Department of Homeland Security to return
his voluntary departure bond or to adjust his immigration status; if DHS
had denied the request, then Monsalvo could have sought judicial review
of DHS's denial. Ibid.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 714, last line: "10" is changed to "9"
p. 716, line 13 from bottom: "by" is changed to "in"
p. 716, line 12 from bottom: "Judge" is changed to "Judge's order"
p. 720, line 17: "permitted" is deleted
p. 747, line 8 from bottom: "his" is inserted before "status"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 1
Pages 38 -- 72

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
April 30, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
38 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the federal circuit
No. 23 -- 861. Argued December 9, 2024 -- Decided April 30, 2025
Tens of thousands of federal civilian employees serve the Nation as mili-
tary reservists. When called to active duty, these reservists often re-
ceive less pay than they earn in their civilian jobs. To address this gap,
Congress adopted a "differential pay" statute requiring the government
to make up the difference between a federal civilian employee's military
and civilian pay in various circumstances, including when the reservist
is called to active duty "during a national emergency." At issue here
is whether this language guarantees differential pay when a reservist
serves on active duty while a national emergency is ongoing, or whether
it requires proving a "substantive connection" between the service and
a particular national emergency.
Petitioner Nick Feliciano, an air traffc controller with the Federal
Aviation Administration, also served as a Coast Guard reserve petty
Page Proof Pending Publication
offcer. In July 2012, the Coast Guard ordered him to active duty under
10 U. S. C., which authorizes activation of reservists with
their consent. He remained on active duty until February 2017, serv-
ing aboard a Coast Guard ship escorting vessels to and from harbor.
His orders noted that he was called to active duty "in support of " sev-
eral "contingency operation[s]," including Operations Iraqi Freedom and
Enduring Freedom. Throughout this period, Feliciano did not receive
differential pay for his service pursuant to orders under.
After the Merit Systems Protection Board rejected his differential-pay
claim, he appealed to the Federal Circuit.
Feliciano argued that two statutes entitled him to differential pay: 5
U. S. C. and 10 U. S. C. (13)(B). Section 5538(a) re-
quires differential pay for federal civilian employee reservists ordered
to active duty "under... a provision of law referred to in"
(13)(B). Section 101(a)(13)(B) defnes "contingency operation" to
include operations that result in the call to active duty of servicemem-
bers under several enumerated statutes "or any other provision of law
during a war or during a national emergency declared by the President or
Congress." While acknowledging he was not called up under any of the
specifcally listed statutes, Feliciano contended that the fnal phrase enti-
tled him to differential pay because he was ordered to active duty under
"any other provision of law" "during a national emergency."
 Cite as: (2025) 39

Syllabus

The Federal Circuit disagreed. Following its earlier decision in
Adams v. Department of Homeland Security, 3 F. 4th 1375, the court
held that when a reservist seeks differential pay for service "during a
national emergency," he must show not only that he served while a
national emergency was ongoing, but also that a substantive connection
linked his service to a particular national emergency.
Held: A federal civilian employee called to active duty pursuant to "any
other provision of law... during a national emergency" as described in
(13)(B) is entitled to differential pay if the reservist's service
temporally coincides with a declared national emergency without any
showing that the service bears a substantive connection to a particular
emergency. Pp. 44 -- 56.
(a) Several considerations support this interpretation. First, the
word "during" normally "denotes a temporal link" and means "contem-
poraneous with." United States v. Ressam, -- 275. It
does not generally imply any substantive connection. Absent evidence
that Congress intended a specialized meaning, those governed by law
are entitled to rely on its ordinary meaning. Pp. 44 -- 46.
(b) Contextual clues strengthen this conclusion. When Congress in-
tends to require both temporal and substantive connections, it has done
Page Proof Pending Publication
so expressly, using phrases like "during and in relation to" or "during
and because of " in various statutes. So the absence of any words hint-
ing at a substantive connection in the statute at issue here supplies a
telling clue that it operates differently and imposes a temporal condition
alone. See Ysleta del Sur Pueblo v. Texas,. Addi-
tionally, one of the specifc provisions that can trigger differential pay, 10
U. S. C., authorizes activation of reservists "[i]n time of national
emergency" -- language the government contends speaks only tempo-
rally. If that phrase requires no substantive connection, it is implausi-
ble that "during a national emergency" in (13)(B) would do so.
Moreover, requiring a substantive connection would create interpretive
diffculties, as the statute provides no principled way to determine what
kind of substantive connection would suffce. The government's inter-
pretation would also create tension with 18 U. S. C., potentially
criminalizing differential pay given by private employers to reservists,
even though nothing in the phrase "during a national emergency" tells
a private employer that a substantive connection is required, let alone
what sort of connection must exist. Finally, when the Congressional
Budget Offce scored similar legislation to help Congress understand the
likely impact of proposed legislation, it calculated costs based on "the
total number of reservists on active duty," not just those engaged in
emergency-related duties. CBO's approach provides further evidence
40 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Syllabus

of how an ordinary reader might have understood the statutory lan-
guage at issue here. Pp. 46 -- 48.
(c) The government's counterarguments are unpersuasive. First, al-
though the word "during" can sometimes imply more than a temporal
connection depending on context, in this statutory context a purely tem-
poral relationship is meaningful. A reservist's active-duty service dur-
ing a national emergency bolsters the government's capacity to address
that emergency whether or not his service directly relates to it. Sec-
ond, the government's surplusage argument -- that a temporal-only read-
ing would render the phrase meaningless given the perpetual existence
of national emergencies -- fails for several reasons: The interpretation
leaves no part of the statute without work to do; the argument depends
on contingent factual assumptions about the permanence of emergency
declarations; similar statutes use temporal language without requiring
substantive connections; and the statute provides no principled way to
determine what kind of substantive connection would suffce. Finally,
the potential policy consequences the government highlights cannot
overcome the statute's most natural reading. Pp. 49 -- 56.
Reversed and remanded.

Gorsuch, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C.
Page Proof
J., and Sotomayor, Pending
Kavanaugh, and Barrett, Publication
JJ., joined. Thomas, J.,
fled a dissenting opinion, in which Alito, Kagan, and Jackson, JJ.,
joined, post, p. 56.

Andrew T. Tutt argued the cause for petitioner. With him
on the briefs were John P. Elwood, Daniel Yablon, Matthew
L. Farley, and Brian J. Lawler.
Nicole Frazer Reaves argued the cause for respondent.
With her on the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Prin-
cipal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy
Solicitor General Fletcher, and Geoffrey M. Long.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the State of Texas
et al. by Ken Paxton, Attorney General of Texas, Brent Webster, First
Assistant Attorney General, Aaron L. Nielson, Solicitor General, Kyle D.
Highful, Assistant Solicitor General, and J. Andrew Mackenzie, Assistant
Attorney General, by Alan Wilson, Attorney General of South Carolina,
Robert D. Cook, Solicitor General, J. Emory Smith, Jr., Deputy Solicitor
General, and Thomas T. Hydrick and Joseph D. Spate, Assistant Deputy
Solicitors General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective juris-
dictions as follows: Kris Mayes of Arizona, Tim Griffn of Arkansas,
 Cite as: (2025) 41

Opinion of the Court

Justice Gorsuch delivered the opinion of the Court.
Tens of thousands of federal civilian employees serve
the Nation as military reservists. When the military calls
those reservists to active duty, it often pays them less
than they earn in their civilian jobs. Seeking to address
that gap, Congress some years ago adopted a "differential
pay" statute. That law requires the government to make
up the difference between a federal civilian employee's mili-
tary and civilian pay in various circumstances, including
when he is called to active duty "during a national emer-
gency." The question we face concerns the meaning of that
quoted language. Does it guarantee a reservist differen-
tial pay when he serves on active duty while a national emer-
gency is ongoing, or does it require a reservist to prove
that his service bears a "substantive connection" to a par-
ticular national emergency?

Page Proof Pending
I
Publication
Nick Feliciano began working for the Federal Aviation Ad-
ministration as an air traffc controller in 2005. App. to Pet.
for Cert. 9a. At the same time, Mr. Feliciano served as a
reserve petty offcer in the United States Coast Guard.
Ibid.; Brief for Respondent 6. In July 2012, the Coast

Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, William Tong of Connecticut, Brian L.
Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Ashley Moody of Florida, Kwame
Raoul of Illinois, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Russell Coleman of Kentucky,
Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Lynn Fitch
of Mississippi, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Dave Yost of Ohio, Ellen
F. Rosenblum of Oregon, Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, Jonathan
Skrmetti of Tennessee, Jason S. Miyares of Virginia, Patrick Morrisey of
West Virginia, and Josh Kaul of Wisconsin; for the American Federation
of Government Employees by Matthew W. Milledge, David A. Borer, and
Andres M. Grajales; for Members of Congress by Timothy Taylor and
Sarah Kelly-Kilgore; for Military-Veterans Advocacy, Inc., by Melanie L.
Bostwick and John B. Wells; for the National Law School Veterans Clinic
Consortium by Katie M. Becker and Brent G. Filbert; and for the Reserve
Organization of America by Scott A. Felder.
42 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Opinion of the Court

Guard ordered him to active-duty service and, for the most
part, he remained on active duty until February 2017. App.
to Pet. for Cert. 14a.
During much of that period, the statutory authority for
Mr. Feliciano's active-duty service came from 10 U. S. C.. As a general matter, that provision authorizes
the activation of reservists with their consent. Mr. Feli-
ciano's orders noted that he was called to active
duty to serve "in support of " several "contingency opera-
tion[s]," including Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation
Enduring Freedom. App. to Pet. for Cert. 33a, 75a -- 76a;
Brief for Respondent 7. Throughout his active-duty serv-
ice, Mr. Feliciano served onboard a Coast Guard ship escort-
ing other vessels to and from harbor. Brief for Petitioner 8;
Brief for Respondent 6.
While Mr. Feliciano served on active duty pursuant to or-
ders under, the government did not afford him dif-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ferential pay. App. to Pet. for Cert. 31a, 34a -- 37a. Eventu-
ally, that led Mr. Feliciano to seek relief from the Merit
Systems Protection Board. Id., at 8a, 34a -- 37a. There, he
claimed the FAA had created a hostile work environment
and unlawfully denied him differential pay during the time
he spent serving on active duty under. After the
Board rejected his claims, see id., at 29a -- 30a, 37a, Mr. Felici-
ano appealed to the Federal Circuit.
On appeal, Mr. Feliciano argued that two statutes entitled
him to differential pay: 5 U. S. C. and 10 U. S. C.
(13)(B). See Brief for Petitioner in No. 2022 -- 1219
(CA Fed., Apr. 29, 2022), ECF Doc. 21, p. 19. As relevant
here, requires the government to provide differen-
tial pay to a federal civilian employee reservist when the
military orders him to active-duty service "under... a provi-
sion of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10" of
the U. S. Code. Section 101(a)(13)(B), in turn, forms part
of the defnition of the phrase "contingency operation." A
contingency operation, that statute says, includes a "military
 Cite as: (2025) 43

Opinion of the Court

operation that... results in the call or order to... active
duty of members of the uniformed services under section
688, 12301(a), 12302, 12304, 12304a, 12305, or 12406 of [title
10], chapter 13 of [title 10], section 3713 of title 14, or any
other provision of law during a war or during a national
emergency declared by the President or Congress." (Em-
phasis added.) 1
Though Mr. Feliciano acknowledged that he was not called
up under any of the specifc statutes listed in (13)(B),
he argued that the statute's closing words, italicized above,
entitled him to differential pay. After all, the Coast Guard
called him to active duty under another "provision of law", and his orders came "during a national emer-
gency." ECF Doc. 21, at 21 -- 23. As a result, he contended,
he served pursuant to a call to active duty under "a provi-
sion of law referred to in 10 U. S. C. (13)(B)," and
was thus entitled to differential pay under. Id.,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 19, 23.
The Federal Circuit disagreed. Citing its earlier decision
in Adams v. Department of Homeland Security, 3 F. 4th
1375 (2021), the court reasoned that, when a reservist seeks
differential pay for service "during a national emergency,"
he must show not only that he served on active duty while
a national emergency was ongoing. He must also show a
substantive connection between his service and a particular
national emergency. App. to Pet. for Cert. 4a. Because
Mr. Feliciano had not made that second showing, the court
held, he was not entitled to differential pay. Id., at 3a -- 4a.

1
Section 101(a)(13)(A) forms the other part of the defnition of the
phrase "contingency operation." It provides that "contingency opera-
tion" also includes "a military operation that... is designated by the
Secretary of Defense as an operation in which members of the armed
forces are or may become involved in military actions, operations, or hos-
tilities against an enemy of the United States or against an opposing mili-
tary force." Notably, however, 5 U. S. C. does not reference this
provision for purposes of determining when differential pay is due.
44 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Opinion of the Court

Mr. Feliciano sought review of the Federal Circuit's deci-
sion, and we agreed to take his case. (2024).

II
At its core, the dispute before us turns on the meaning of
the phrase "during a national emergency." Does that lan-
guage promise differential pay to certain federal civilian em-
ployees called to active-duty service while a national emer-
gency is ongoing, as Mr. Feliciano argues? Or does it
require a reservist to prove some additional, substantive
connection between his service and a particular national
emergency, as the Federal Circuit held and the government
contends? Several considerations persuade us that Mr.
Feliciano's interpretation is the sounder one.
A
Start with the word "during." Normally, we have said,
Page Proof Pending Publication
that word "denotes a temporal link" and means "contempora-
neous with." United States v. Ressam, -- 
275 (2008). Any number of dictionaries from around the
time of (13)(B)'s adoption in 1991 offer up similar for-
mulations. See, e. g., Black's Law Dictionary 504 (6th ed.
1990) (defning "during" as "[t]hroughout the course of;
throughout the continuance of; in the time of; after the com-
mencement and before the expiration of ").2
Conversely, the word "during" does not generally imply a
substantive connection. The government itself has pre-
2
Accord, Random House Dictionary of the English Language 608 (2d ed.
1987) (during: "throughout the duration, continuance, or existence of " or
"at some time or point in the course of "); Webster's Third New Interna-
tional Dictionary 703 (1993) (during: "throughout the continuance or
course of " or "at some point in the course of "); American Heritage Diction-
ary 572 (3d ed. 1992) (during: "[t]hroughout the course or duration of "
or "[a]t some time in"). Dictionaries from the time of 's enactment
in 2009 say the same. See, e. g., American Heritage Dictionary 556 (4th
ed. 2006) (during: "[t]hroughout the course or duration of " or "[a]t some
time in").
 Cite as: (2025) 45

Opinion of the Court

viously acknowledged as much. As its briefng in Ressam
explained, "[t]he plain everyday meaning of `during' is `at
the same time' or `at a point in the course of.' It does not
normally mean `at the same time and in connection with.' "
Brief for United States in United States v. Ressam, O. T.
2007, No. 455, pp. 13 -- 14. Reading "dur-
ing" to require a substantive connection, the government
warned, risks "read[ing] in a relational element" that the
word does not necessarily convey. Tr. of Oral Arg. in
United States v. Ressam, O. T. 2007, No. 455, p. 31. Adopt-
ing just that view, this Court in Ressam held that a sentenc-
ing enhancement addressing those who carry an explosive
"during" the commission of a felony applies to individuals
who carry explosives "contemporaneous with" their felonies
even in the absence of a substantive "relationship between
the explosive carried and the underlying felony." 553 U. S.,
at 275.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Sometimes, to be sure, statutory terms can carry meanings
that depart from their ordinary ones. Congress may, for ex-
ample, defne a word or phrase in a specialized way or em-
ploy a term of art with long-encrusted connotations in a
given feld. See, e. g., Department of Agriculture Rural De-
velopment Rural Housing Service v. Kirtz, -- 
60 (2024); Sekhar v. United States, (2013).
But we have no evidence of anything like that here. And
absent such evidence, those whose lives are governed by law
are entitled to rely on its ordinary meaning, not left to specu-
late about hidden messages. See, e. g., Henson v. Santander
Consumer USA Inc., (2017); Niz-Chavez v.
Garland, (2021).
Given all that, we think Mr. Feliciano's reading more con-
sistent with the statutory language before us. Just ask
yourself how an ordinary American might approach the law's
terms. Would he have any reason to think that a reservist
called up to active duty "during" a national emergency is
entitled to differential pay if, and only if, he can prove his
46 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Opinion of the Court

service has a "substantive connection" to a particular emer-
gency? We doubt it.
B
Strengthening our conviction on this score are a number
of contextual clues.
First, compare the statute before us with other laws.
When insisting on both a temporal and a substantive connec-
tion in other settings, Congress has commonly made its point
expressly. Up and down the federal criminal code, for in-
stance, statutes speak of actions taken "during and in rela-
tion to" specifed criminal conduct. 18 U. S. C. (1)(A)
; see also, e. g., (1)(B)(iv),
924(c)(5), 929(a)(1). When it comes to statutes governing
the Armed Forces, Congress has used the phrase "during
and because of " to describe leave both contemporaneous
with and related to a reservist's active-duty service. 5
U. S. C. (2)(B). Congress, too, has
Page Proof Pending Publication
exempted from certain statutory requirements the govern-
ment's acquisition of land when it takes place both "during
a national emergency" and "for national defense purposes."
7 U. S. C.. As these examples il-
lustrate, Congress can and does use different words in differ-
ent provisions to insist on a substantive connection. But the
absence of any words hinting at a substantive connection in
the statute before us supplies a telling clue that it operates
differently and imposes a temporal condition alone. See Ys-
leta del Sur Pueblo v. Texas, (2022).
Next, consider another provision that can trigger differen-
tial pay. Recall that the differential-pay statute -- 5 U. S. C.
-- not only works in concert with (13)(B) to en-
sure differential pay for certain reservists ordered to active
duty "during a national emergency." It also guarantees dif-
ferential pay for other reservists called up under specifc
statutes listed in (13)(B). See Part I, supra. One
such statute, 10 U. S. C., authorizes the activation of
various reservists "[i]n time of national emergency." The
 Cite as: (2025) 47

Opinion of the Court

government contends that this language speaks only tempo-
rally. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 61 -- 62. But if that is true and
the phrase "[i]n time of a national emergency" in re-
quires no substantive connection, how might "during a na-
tional emergency" in (13)(B) do so? If a plausible ex-
planation exists for interpreting the one phrase, but not the
other, to require a substantive connection, the government
does not supply it.
Notice, as well, the questions that would follow from insist-
ing on a substantive connection here. To prove a substan-
tive connection, the government suggests, a reservist must
show that he served in support of a contingency operation
while on active duty. Brief for Respondent 23 -- 24; Tr. of
Oral Arg. 75 -- 76; post, at 71 (Thomas, J., dissenting) (arguing
the same). But the Federal Circuit applies a more demand-
ing test. On its view, a reservist must show that he served
directly in a contingency operation to merit differential pay.
Page Proof Pending Publication
See App. to Pet. for Cert. 4a; Adams, 3 F. 4th, at 1379. How
might we choose between these two rules? The statute
does not say. And the fact that Congress supplied no princi-
pled way to determine what kind of substantive connection
is necessary strikes us as yet another sign that the law does
not require any such connection.
Also relevant, to our minds, is how the parties' competing
interpretations interact with 18 U. S. C.. As a rule,
that law makes it a crime for a private party to supplement
a federal employee's salary. See. At the same
time, the statute offers an important exception: It allows
a private party to offer differential pay to a reservist-
employee "on active duty pursuant to a call or order to active
duty under a provision of law referred to" in 10 U. S. C.
(13). 18 U. S. C.. On the government's
reading of (13)(B), a private employer would appar-
ently commit a federal crime by providing differential pay to
a reservist on active-duty service while a national emer-
gency is ongoing -- unless, of course, the reservist's service
48 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Opinion of the Court

bears a substantive connection to a particular national emer-
gency. But what in the phrase "during a national emer-
gency" tells a private employer that a substantive connection
is required, let alone what sort of connection it must be? 3
Finally, adding to the case against the government's inter-
pretation are the views of others who have come this way
before us. The Congressional Budget Offce (CBO) provides
cost estimates to help Members of Congress understand the
likely impact of their proposed legislation. See, e. g., Con-
gressional Research Service, J. Saturno, Introduction to the
Federal Budget Process 19 (Jan. 10, 2023). And when CBO
scored potential legislation featuring terms that largely mir-
ror those now at issue here, it based its calculations on "the
total number of reservists on active duty," not those who
are personally engaged in emergency-related duties. CBO,
Cost Estimate, S. 593: Reservist Pay Security Act of 2004,
pp. 2 -- 3 (Aug. 4, 2004) ; see also CBO, Cost
Page Proof Pending Publication
Estimate, S. 2400: Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005, p. 9 (July 21, 2004). Of
course, no one votes for CBO reports, and courts charged
with interpreting the law owe those estimates no rote defer-
ence. But CBO's approach does provide further evidence of
how an ordinary reader might have understood the statutory
language at issue here around the time of the differential-
pay statute's adoption. See A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading
Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts 388 (2012)
(Scalia & Garner).

3
At oral argument, the government suggested that an employer who
mistakenly provides differential pay to a reservist without confrming that
his service has the requisite substantive connection to a particular emer-
gency might escape liability for lack of a suffcient mens rea to warrant a
conviction. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 45 -- 46; see also United States v. Project
on Government Oversight, 616 F. 3d 544, 556 -- 557 (CADC 2010). Maybe
so. But that still leaves unanswered the question whether the statute
fairly informs an employer what is (and is not) proscribed.
 Cite as: (2025) 49

Opinion of the Court

III
The government and our dissenting colleagues see things
differently. They insist that the phrase "during a national
emergency" requires a substantive connection between a re-
servist's service and a particular national emergency. To
our minds, however, the government and the dissent do not
adequately grapple with the textual and contextual evidence
we have set forth. They give short shrift to Ressam and
the ordinary meaning of the word "during." They brush
aside other statutes showing that Congress knows how to
impose a substantive connection when it wishes. They do
not convincingly explain how might be read to re-
quire only a temporal connection but "during a national
emergency" must be read to demand more. They discount
CBO's practice. And they nowhere offer a principled basis
for preferring the substantive connection they propose over
the alternative the Federal Circuit offered.
Page Proof Pending Publication
To be sure, the three central arguments the government
and the dissent pursue are not entirely without force. But
even on their own terms, each suffers defciencies and, to our
eyes, none suffces to overcome the competing evidence of
statutory meaning we have outlined.

A
The government and the dissent begin by observing that,
in at least some contexts, the word "during" can imply more
than a temporal connection. Brief for Respondent 14 -- 17;
see post, at 59 -- 60 (opinion of Thomas, J.). To illustrate the
point, the government asks us to imagine a statute that "re-
ferred to any attorney who argues `during' a court hearing."
Brief for Respondent 14. A reader would, the government
posits, understand that language "to include only attorneys
who argue in the course of the hearing -- not those who argue
elsewhere while the hearing happens to be occurring."
Ibid.
50 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Opinion of the Court

It's a fair observation. Context plays a vital role when
interpreting statutes. And, in the context of the govern-
ment's hypothetical law, we agree that an ordinary reader
would understand it to require both a temporal and substan-
tive connection between an attorney's argument and the
court hearing. Really, without a substantive connection, the
government's imagined statute would be meaningless, cap-
turing any attorney who happens to argue anywhere in any
forum at the same time as the ongoing hearing. The same
goes for the dissent's example of a statute defning a " `cap-
tured record' " to mean " `material captured during combat
operations.' " Post, at 60 (opinion of Thomas, J.) (1)). There, too, an ordinary reader would
understand Congress as referring only to records captured
in the course of combat operations, not to all records cap-
tured while combat was ongoing somewhere, for without that
substantive connection the statute would be senseless.
But we fail to see how that observation translates here.
Page Proof Pending Publication
In this statutory context, a purely temporal relationship is
meaningful. After all, a reservist's active-duty service dur-
ing a national emergency bolsters the government's capacity
to address that emergency; his work on everyday matters
may free up others to handle emergent ones. Notably, the
government itself argues that Congress has sometimes taken
just this view, promising differential pay to certain reserv-
ists called to active duty "in time of national emergency,"
whether or not their service bears a substantive connection
to a particular emergency. See Part II -- B, supra (discussing
10 U. S. C. ). In this context, then, unlike in some
others, reading the word "during" to speak only temporally
is perfectly sensible.4

4
Pursuing a similar argument from statutory context, the dissent sub-
mits that, because the phrase "contingency operation" implies some "exi-
genc[y]" as a matter of "ordinary" usage, the word "during" must entail a
substantive connection. See post, at 61 -- 63 (opinion of Thomas, J.). But
none of that follows. The phrase "contingency operation" is subject to an
 Cite as: (2025) 51

Opinion of the Court

B
Next, the government and the dissent invoke the surplus-
age canon. If the phrase "during a national emergency" re-
quired only a temporal overlap, the government and the dis-
sent say, it would do practically no work. After all, the
argument goes, there are dozens of declared emergencies
today, some have been on the books for years, and it is "un-
likely that there will ever be a time when no national emer-
gency exists." Brief for Respondent 18 -- 19; post, at 63 -- 67
(opinion of Thomas, J.). The only way to give the phrase
"during a national emergency" work to do, we are told, is to
interpret it to require a substantive connection.
Here, again, the government and the dissent have some-
thing of a point. With the exception of a brief period in the
1970s, one declared national emergency or another has been
ongoing in this country for many decades. Brief for Re-
spondent 18; post, at 63 (Thomas, J., dissenting). Even so,
Page Proof Pending Publication
this line of argument does not persuade us for a few reasons
taken in combination.
For one thing, the surplusage canon is primarily a tool of
linguistic interpretation, refecting an assumption applicable
to "all sensible writing: Whenever a reading arbitrarily ig-

express statutory defnition, to which we must adhere "even if it varies
from a term's ordinary meaning." Digital Realty Trust, Inc. v. Somers,
(2018). That defnition includes a military operation
that results in a call to active duty under certain specifcally enumerated
statutory authorities or under any other law "during a national emer-
gency." As even the dissent admits, some of the specifcally enumerated
statutory authorities are "not pegged to [a] specifc exigenc[y]." Post, at
62 (opinion of Thomas, J.). By way of example, consider again 10 U. S. C., which the government says allows it to call reservists to active
duty "[i]n time of national emergency" regardless whether their service
bears a substantive connection to any particular emergency. And if the
specifcally enumerated statutory authorities that help defne a "contin-
gency operation" do not always demand a substantive connection between
a reservist's service and a particular emergency, we see no reason why
the phrase "during a national emergency" must.
52 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Opinion of the Court

nores linguistic components or inadequately accounts for
them, the reading may be presumed improbable." Scalia &
Garner 174. Nothing in
our interpretation of (13)(B) defes that general rule
of construction. When a reservist is called to active duty
under one of the statutes enumerated in (13)(B),
guarantees him differential pay. And when a re-
servist is called to active duty under "any other provision
of law, " he is entitled to differential pay only if a na-
tional emergency (or war) is ongoing. See 10 U. S. C.
(13)(B); 5 U. S. C.. Linguistically, our read-
ing leaves no part of the statute ignored or left without work
to do.
For another, the government and dissent's practical (not
linguistic) superfuity argument depends on a contingent fac-
tual assumption. Imagine Congress and the President de-
cided tomorrow to end all existing emergencies. No one
Page Proof Pending Publication
disputes that our reading of the statute would perform
practically signifcant work in those circumstances, effec-
tively denying differential pay to reservists called to active
duty under "any other provision of law." 10 U. S. C.
(13)(B). But, the government and the dissent insist,
we should ignore that possibility because emergencies have
become an immutable feature of modern governance. See
Tr. of Oral Arg. 43; post, at 63 (opinion of Thomas, J.).
Maybe so, but maybe not. In the 1970s, the elected
branches did something nearly like what the government
today considers unthinkable. In 1976, Congress passed and
President Ford signed the National Emergencies Act, which
effectively ended then-existing emergencies and established
procedures for declaring (and concluding) new ones. See 90
Stat. 1255 (codifed at 50 U. S. C. et seq.); Congres-
sional Research Service, E. Webster, National Emergency
Powers 7 -- 11 (Nov. 19, 2021). In spite of that intervention,
of course, the number of declared emergencies has only
grown in the years since. But history may yet repeat itself,
 Cite as: (2025) 53

Opinion of the Court

even if the government today considers the prospect "un-
likely." Brief for Respondent 19. And it is unclear why we
should overlook the most natural linguistic interpretation of
this statute's terms based on an assumption that prevailing
factual conditions will never change. What is a present fact
of the world is not necessarily a permanent one.
For another thing still, the government and dissent's ap-
proach invites its own superfuity problems. A number of
statutes tie a governmental power or duty to the existence
of some ongoing national emergency. For example, Con-
gress has made certain contracting authorities available to
the Executive Branch "during a national emergency." 50
U. S. C.. And, as we have seen, Congress has prom-
ised differential pay to certain other reservists called to ac-
tive duty "[i]n time of national emergency." See Part II -- B,
supra. The government maintains that these statutes do
not require a substantive connection, only a temporal over-
lap, with a national emergency. See Brief for Respondent
Page Proof Pending Publication
30; Tr. of Oral Arg. 61 -- 62. Yet, under the government and
dissent's view, Congress was wasting its breath with super-
fuous language in all these laws. A more natural inference,
we believe, is that Congress sometimes considers a purely
temporal link with a national emergency a salient condition
on governmental powers and duties, even if that condition
will often be satisfed.
Finally, even if we could somehow overcome all of these
problems, we would only fnd ourselves facing again the
question of what kind of substantive tie a reservist's service
must have to a national emergency. And, as we have dis-
cussed, the statute supplies no obviously principled way for
us to resolve what that connection might be. See Part II -- 
B, supra.5
5
The dissent also insists that our reading would render superfuous vari-
ous postenactment amendments that have expanded the list of provisions
enumerated in (13)(B). Post, at 65 -- 67 (opinion of Thomas, J.).
That argument is mistaken for reasons already discussed: Each of the
54 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Opinion of the Court

C
Failing all else, the government and the dissent worry that
our interpretation would invite anomalous policy conse-
quences. Brief for Respondent 22; post, at 68 (opinion of
Thomas, J.) (expressing concern about the potential "rip-
ple effects" of our decision). So, for example, the govern-
ment fears that a purely temporal reading of the phrase
"during a national emergency" might require it to provide
differential pay to a reservist called to active duty to face
a court-martial. Brief for Respondent 22 -- 23. Likewise,
the government says, our reading could require differen-
tial pay for a reservist called up to attend "training for
new Judge Advocates at the Judge Advocate General's
Legal Center and School in Charlottesville, Virginia." Id.,
at 23.
But what does any of that prove? When a party claims
that a law yields anomalous policy consequences, its usual
Page Proof Pending Publication
recourse lies in Congress, not in the courts where litigants
are generally entitled to expect that statutes will "be en-
forced as written." Epic Systems Corp. v. Lewis, (2018); see also Patel v. Garland, 
(2022) ("[P]olicy concerns cannot trump the best interpreta-
tion of the statutory text").

amendments the dissent cites promises differential pay even in the ab-
sence of any national emergency. The only possible exception concerns
an amendment that, among other things, authorized differential pay retro-
actively for certain members of the Coast Guard for a single year, a year
in which there was already an ongoing national emergency. Post, at 66
(Thomas, J., dissenting) (discussing, 126 Stat. 1795). But even
assuming that one aspect of that single amendment may represent "some
redundancy" on our account of (13)(B), the dissent's interpretation
results in redundancies of its own and encounters so many other diffcul-
ties that we think the "better overall reading of the statute" remains the
one we pursue. Rimini Street, Inc. v. Oracle USA, Inc., (2019).
 Cite as: (2025) 55

Opinion of the Court

Nor, even taken on their own terms, are the potential con-
sequences the government highlights all that anomalous.
Members of the Armed Forces facing court-martial are en-
titled to their military wages until convicted, 10 U. S. C.
(1), and they are presumed innocent until proven
guilty, (1). In light of those statutory directions, it
is hardly absurd to think Congress might have also wanted
a reservist to receive differential pay when called to active
duty to answer a court-martial that might acquit him. Much
the same goes for reservists called to active duty for train-
ing. Whether that training entails learning the fner points
of the Uniform Code of Military Justice or attending Air-
borne School, well-trained reservists are ones the Nation can
call on at a moment's notice, as it often has. See, e. g., Brief
for State of Texas et al. as Amici Curiae 20 ("Within min-
utes of the September 11 attacks, National Guard and Re-
servists responded to the call to duty").6

Page Proof Pending
* Publication
In the end, we are persuaded that the statutory language
means what its terms most naturally suggest: A federal ci-
vilian employee called to active duty pursuant to "any other
provision of law... during a national emergency" is entitled
to differential pay without having to prove that his service
6
The dissent expresses concern that our interpretation might lead to
other "untold consequences," like expanding the "availability of civilian
court[s]-martial" or exempting the Department of Defense from having to
notify Congress before entering into certain real-estate transactions.
Post, at 63 (opinion of Thomas, J.) (10) and
2662(f)(1)(E)). We express no views on the dissent's claims except to ob-
serve two things. First, as the dissent acknowledges, considerations of
constitutional avoidance might counsel in favor of a narrowing construc-
tion of certain laws governing courts-martial. See post, at 63 (opinion of
Thomas, J.). Second, the result the dissent posits with respect to real-
estate transactions is neither unthinkable nor something Congress could
not alter to the extent the Constitution allows.
56 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Thomas, J., dissenting

was substantively connected in some particular way to some
particular emergency. Because the Federal Circuit held
otherwise, its judgment is reversed, and the case is re-
manded for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Alito, Justice
Kagan, and Justice Jackson join, dissenting.
Federal civilian employees who also serve as military re-
servists are entitled to "differential pay" when they are
called to active-duty service "during a national emergency."
See 5 U. S. C. ; 10 U. S. C. (13)(B). Differential
pay compensates such reservists for the difference between
their military and civilian salaries when active-duty service
would otherwise cause a pay cut. The question before us
is what Congress meant by the phrase "during a national
emergency." Depending on the context, that phrase could
Page Proof Pending Publication
require only that a national emergency be concurrently ongo-
ing, or it could require that a reservist's service also be in
support of a particular national emergency. Given the con-
text here, I would conclude that a reservist is called to serve
"during a national emergency" only if his call comes in the
course of an operation responding to a national emergency.
Because the Court requires only that an emergency be con-
currently ongoing, I respectfully dissent.

I
A
"Tens of thousands" of federal civilian employees also
serve our Nation as military reservists. Ante, at 41.
Sometimes these individuals earn lower salaries when called
into active-duty military service than they do in their regu-
lar jobs. To mitigate this disparity, in 2009 Congress passed
the so-called "differential pay" statute, which ensures that
 Cite as: (2025) 57

Thomas, J., dissenting

qualifying reservists will continue to receive the amount of
their civilian Government salaries while on active duty. See, 123 Stat. 693 -- 695, as amended, 5 U. S. C.. The
reservist's civilian employer is responsible for paying the dif-
ference. (1).
The statute does not, however, grant a blanket authoriza-
tion for differential pay. Instead, it makes a federal civilian
employee eligible if, as relevant here, he is called to active
duty "under... a provision of law referred to in section
101(a)(13)(B) of title 10.".
Section 101(a)(13)(B) is one part of the military's defnition
of " `contingency operation.' " This statute defnes a "con-
tingency operation" as "a military operation that":
"(A) is designated by the Secretary of Defense as an
operation in which members of the armed forces are or
may become involved in military actions, operations, or
hostilities against an enemy of the United States or
Page Proof Pending Publication
against an opposing military force; or
"(B) results in the call or order to, or retention on,
active duty of members of the uniformed services under
section 688, 12301(a), 12302, 12304, 12304a, 12305, or
12406 of this title, chapter 13 of this title, section 3713
of title 14, or any other provision of law during a war or
during a national emergency declared by the President
or Congress."
The list of cross-referenced provisions in (13)(B)
has evolved since Congress frst enacted this defnition in
1991, but Congress has throughout maintained a catchall for
calls to active-duty service under other provisions "during
a war or during a national emergency." See, 105
Stat. 1380.
B
Petitioner Nick Feliciano is an air traffc controller for the
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) who also served as
58 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Thomas, J., dissenting

a reserve offcer for the United States Coast Guard. The
Coast Guard called him to active-duty service for much of
the period between July 2012 and February 2017.
Pursuant to Coast Guard policy, each time it called him to
active duty, the Coast Guard provided Feliciano orders list-
ing the basis for its call. As relevant here, three of Feli-
ciano's calls specifed that he was being "called up under 10
U. S. C. 12301(d) per Executive Order 13223." App. to Pet.
for Cert. 75a -- 76a; App. in No. 22 -- 1219 (CA Fed.), p. 129.
Section 12301(d) is not one of the provisions specifcally enu-
merated in (13)(B). It authorizes the Government to
"order a member of a reserve component... to active duty,... with the consent of that member.".
Executive Order No. 13223, in turn, authorizes the military
to call reservists to active duty in furtherance of the national
emergency declared after the September 11 terrorist at-
tacks. 3 CFR 785 (2001 Comp.). Consistent with that di-
Page Proof Pending Publication
rective, Feliciano's orders noted that he was being
called "in support of a DOD contingency operation," while
also listing the relevant operations. App. to Pet. for Cert.
75a -- 76a; App. in No. 22 -- 1219, at 129.
Feliciano did not immediately seek differential pay from
the FAA for his service under these orders. He instead
raised the issue in a 2018 appeal to the Merit Systems Pro-
tection Board (MSPB), as part of a complaint alleging that
the FAA had subjected him to a hostile work environment.
The MSPB denied Feliciano's request for differential pay.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Cir-
cuit affrmed. 2023 WL 3449138, *1 (May 15, 2023). Feli-
ciano's case turned on whether he had established that his
service occurred "during a national emergency" within the
meaning of (13)(B). The Federal Circuit concluded
that he had not: Under Circuit precedent, Feliciano needed
to show a "connection between his service and [an] ongoing
national emergency," id., at *2, such that he was "directly
called to serve in a contingency operation," Adams v. De-
 Cite as: (2025) 59

Thomas, J., dissenting

partment of Homeland Security, 3 F. 4th 1375, 1379 (CA Fed.
2021). But, notwithstanding the language on the face of his
orders suggesting that his service was connected to the post-
September 11 emergency, Feliciano did not "alleg[e] any con-
nection." 2023 WL 3449138, *2. Instead, he argued only
that the Federal Circuit's precedent was wrong, and that any
active-duty service should count if there is a national emer-
gency ongoing. We granted certiorari.

II
A
This case turns on the meaning of the word "during" in
(13)(B). The parties dispute whether the phrase
"during a national emergency" covers any reservist who per-
forms active-duty service while a national emergency is on-
going, or whether it requires a connection between the serv-
ice and the emergency.
Page Proof Pending Publication
As with other common words, the meaning of "during"
"depends on the context in and purpose for which it is used."
Wachovia Bank, N. A. v. Schmidt, (2006).
Sometimes, "during" can merely "denot[e] a temporal link,"
wherein one event need only occur while another event is
ongoing. United States v. Ressam, (2008).
Other times, however, we use "during" in a narrower, rela-
tional sense, to reference only events that are substantively
connected to the ongoing event -- that is, events that occur
"in the course of " or "in the process of " the ongoing event.
See 3 Oxford English Dictionary 1055 (2d ed. 1989) (emphasis
deleted); 4 id., at 1134.
Case law refects this variation. In Ressam, for example,
we held that the word "during" was used in the broader
temporal sense in 18 U. S. C., which mandates a sen-
tencing enhancement for defendants who " `carr[y] an explo-
sive during the commission of [a] felony.' " 553 U. S., at 274 -- 
275 (2)). That enhancement thus applies to
any defendant whose carrying was "contemporaneous with"
60 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Thomas, J., dissenting

his felony, even if it was not " `in relation to' the underlying
felony." Id., at 273 -- 275.
Conversely, courts in other contexts have held that the
word "during" contains a relational component. For in-
stance, several Circuits have recognized this component in
the Sentencing Guidelines' defnition of "relevant conduct,"
which encompasses all actions by the defendant "that oc-
curred during the commission of the offense of conviction."
United States Sentencing Commission, Guidelines Manual.3(a)(1) (Nov. 2024); see, e. g., United States v. Caldwell,
128 F. 4th 1170, 1180 -- 1183 (CA10 2025) (collecting cases, and
distinguishing Ressam). "[W]hen defning `relevant con-
duct,' " they have explained, "the term `during' conveys a
linkage that is more than a mere temporal overlap; it also
conveys a qualitative overlap such that the conduct must be
related or connected to the crime of conviction." United
States v. Agyekum, 846 F. 3d 744, 751 (CA4 2017).
Title 10 also refects this variation. The Government has
Page Proof Pending Publication
suggested that the similar phrase "[i]n time of national emer-
gency" in "speaks only temporally." Ante, at 46 -- 47. But, other provisions in Title
10 appear to speak in relational terms. For example, as the
majority acknowledges, when Congress defned " `captured
record' " to mean certain "material captured during combat
operations," it presumably was describing only material cap-
tured in the course of those combat operations. (1);
see ante, at 50.
The upshot is that the word "during" does not have a sin-
gle defnition on which to hang our analysis. Instead, to de-
termine its meaning here, we must read the (13)(B)
catchall "in [its] context and with a view to [its] place in
the overall statutory scheme." Davis v. Michigan Dept. of
Treasury, (1989).

B
The context of (13)(B) makes clear that active-duty
service occurs "during a national emergency" within the
 Cite as: (2025) 61

Thomas, J., dissenting

meaning of that provision only if the service occurs in the
course of a national emergency. In other words, the reserv-
ist must be called to serve in an operation responding to a
national emergency. Several important textual clues coun-
sel in favor of this reading.
1
To start, the scope of the phrase "during a national emer-
gency" is limited by (13)(B)'s location within Con-
gress's defnition of "contingency operation." Because "an
entirely artifcial defnition is rare," we typically expect the
meaning of a defnition to be "closely related to the ordinary
meaning of the word being defned." A. Scalia & B. Garner,
Reading Law 228 (2012) (Scalia & Garner). Thus, the "ordi-
nary meaning of a defned term" often "plays a... limit-
ing role" when choosing between possible interpretations.
Bond v. United States, -- 862 (2014).
This canon applies with full force here. As a matter of
Page Proof Pending Publication
ordinary meaning, the term "contingency operation" in Title
10 refers to the subset of military operations that relates
to a particular contingency. We should therefore expect
(13) to cover only operations that are part of the mili-
tary's response to "emergency" situations or otherwise ne-
cessitated by "required military operations." Dept. of De-
fense Dictionary of Military and Associated Terms 86 (JCS
Pub. 1 -- 02 1989). Otherwise, there would be no reason for
Congress to use "contingency" as a modifying adjective. See
Weyerhaeuser Co. v. United States Fish and Wildlife Serv.,
(2018) ("Adjectives modify nouns -- they pick
out a subset of a category that possesses a certain quality").
The other categories of "contingency operations" in
(13) conform to this understanding. Section
101(a)(13)(A) covers a paradigmatic kind of contingency op-
eration -- those wherein members of the military are likely to
be engaged in opposition to "an enemy of the United States
or against an opposing military force." Several of the enu-
merated provisions in (13)(B) similarly cover opera-
tions directly responding to specifc exigent situations. See,
62 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Thomas, J., dissenting

e. g., ("assistance in response to a major disaster or
emergency"); ("invasion" or "rebellion"). And, al-
though the remaining cross-referenced provisions are not
pegged to specifc exigencies, they too sound in exigency,
each signaling some reason why a reservist is called to active
duty. See, e. g., 12302, 12304.
Because the common thread among these categories is that
they contemplate only exigent military operations, it follows
that the same should be true of the "during a national emer-
gency" catchall. We ordinarily read catchall "clauses... as
bringing within a statute categories similar in type to those
specifcally enumerated." Federal Maritime Comm'n v.
Seatrain Lines, Inc., (1973). The catch-
all here should not be read in a way that eviscerates
(13)'s "contingency" focus.
Tellingly, the military itself has understood the term "con-
tingency operation" to have a fnite scope. Notwithstanding
the existence of ongoing national emergencies, it has for
Page Proof Pending Publication
some troop activations issued "orders stat[ing] that they are
`non-contingency' activation orders." Adams, 3 F. 4th, at
1377. For example, like Feliciano, the plaintiff in Adams
consented to " `voluntary active duty under [§ ]12301(d),' "
but his orders stated that he was being activated in a " `non-
contingency' " capacity. Id., at 1377, 1380.
It follows that the phrase "during a national emergency"
cannot be understood in purely temporal terms. A purely
temporal construction would eviscerate the specifcation of
"contingency operation": If all military operations that occur
concurrent with a national emergency are contingency oper-
ations, then any military operation requiring a call to active-
duty service could be a contingency operation, regardless of
whether there is any contingency involved. Such a capa-
cious reading would implausibly divorce the term from its
ordinary meaning.
A review of the other provisions in Title 10 that use the
term "contingency operation" confrms this implausibility.
Because (13) is a defnition that "appl[ies throughout]
 Cite as: (2025) 63

Thomas, J., dissenting

this title," see, as well as in other provisions where it is
incorporated by reference, its defnition must ft the broader
statutory scheme, Ali v. Federal Bureau of Prisons, (2008). There are "dozens of provisions inside
and outside Title 10 that are applicable to" contingency oper-
ations, and a broad reading of that term would lead to untold
consequences. Brief for Respondent 22. For example, for
contracting provisions such as (1)(E) -- where Con-
gress created a reporting requirement but provided an ex-
ception for contingency operations -- a purely temporal in-
terpretation of "contingency operation" would invite the
exception to swallow the rule. Likewise, such an interpre-
tation would mean that -- under a provision applying the Uni-
form Code of Military Justice to civilians who accompany
the U. S. military in the feld "[i]n time of declared war or
a contingency operation" -- the availability of civilian court-
martial could be quite open-ended. (10); see United
States v. Ali, 71 M. J. 256, 261 -- 262 (C. A. Armed Forces 2012).
Page Proof Pending Publication
That possibility would run up against our normal under-
standing of court-martial as a "narrow exception" to the
civilian justice system, and exacerbate any constitutional
infrmities of this provision. Reid v. Covert, 31 -- 33 (1957) (plurality opinion). This implausibility is
"strong evidence" that the term "contingency operation"
must retain limiting force. Yegiazaryan v. Smagin, (2023).
2
The need for "contingency operation" to retain limiting
force is particularly apparent because Congress enacted
(13)(B) against a backdrop of indefnite and continual
national emergencies. With the exception of a 1-year inter-
regnum from 1978 to 1979, the United States has had at least
one national emergency in effect at all times since 1933.1
1
Congress took note of this problem in the 1970s. S. Rep. No. 93 -- 549,
p. III (1973). It passed the National Emergencies Act in 1976, which or-
dered that the then-existing emergencies be terminated as of 1978., 90 Stat. 1255 (codifed at 50 U. S. C. ). But, the President
64 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Thomas, J., dissenting

Thus, when Congress passed (13)(B) in 1991, it would
have expected that some national emergency or other would
generally be in effect. It strains credulity to think that
Congress could have meant "contingency operation" to mean,
as a practical matter, essentially every military operation.2
To the extent there could be any doubt, the structure of
(13)(B) confrms that Congress did not intend for
the "during a national emergency" catchall to be all encom-
passing. After all, Congress created that provision as a
catchall to a long list of enumerated provisions. As origi-
nally enacted, (13)(B) specifed that a "military opera-
tion" would qualify as a " `contingency operation' " if it "re-
sults in the call or order to, or retention on, active duty" of
troops pursuant to one of seven enumerated provisions, one
enumerated chapter of provisions, or "any other provision of
law during a war or during a national emergency." 105
Stat. 1380. Congress has maintained this structure since
then. The only changes it has made have been to enumerate
Page Proof Pending Publication
additional statutes. See (13)(B).
Congress's focus on a reservist's "call or order" to active
duty and whether that "call or order" arises under specifc
provisions of law suggests that Congress cared about the

soon proclaimed a new emergency to order sanctions against Iran. Exec.
Order No. 12170, 3 CFR 457 (1979 Comp.). That emergency remains in
effect to this day, alongside several dozen other emergencies since desig-
nated. 89 Fed. Reg. 87761 (2024).
2
Reading the term "contingency operation" to cover all military opera-
tions that occur while a national emergency is also ongoing would appear
particularly incongruent given the nonmilitary nature of many emergen-
cies. In the years leading up to the 1991 enactment of 10 U. S. C.
(13), almost all the emergency proclamations in effect concerned
economic sanctions. See Brennan Center for Justice, Declared National
Emergencies Under the National Emergencies Act (last updated Apr. 7,
2025), https:// brennancenter.org/our-work/research-reports/declared-
national-emergencies-under-national-emergencies-act. It is not apparent
why the existence of unrelated sanctions, administered by nonmilitary of-
fcials, would transform routine military operations into contingency oper-
ations as a matter of ordinary understanding.
 Cite as: (2025) 65

Thomas, J., dissenting

contents of and the basis for a reservist's activation orders.
If Congress had meant to effectively deem all operations re-
quiring calls to active-duty service as occurring "during a
national emergency," then its list of enumerated provisions
would have been unnecessary. Because some emergency is
invariably ongoing, Congress could have omitted all those
enumerations without any meaningful difference.
The superfuity involved in a purely temporal reading is a
strong sign that a military operation occurs "during a na-
tional emergency" only if it occurs in the course of the Gov-
ernment's response to a national emergency. Because we
interpret statutes, where possible, to avoid superfuity, we
strive to avoid interpretations that "would in practical effect
render [statutory language] entirely superfuous in all but
the most unusual circumstances." TRW Inc. v. Andrews,
(2001). We likewise strive to avoid "un-
bounded interpretation[s]" of a catchall that would "render
superfuous" Congress's provision of "a reticulated list" else-
Page Proof Pending Publication
where in the statute. Fischer v. United States, (2024). Reading "during a national emergency" in
(13)(B) to reach only operations undertaken in the
course of the national emergency would avoid these disfa-
vored interpretive outcomes.

3
The postenactment history of both (13)(B) and the
differential-pay statute that incorporates that provision fur-
ther counsel in favor of reading "during a national emer-
gency" narrowly. It is well established that "subsequent
acts can shape or focus" our selection between possible statu-
tory meanings. FDA v. Brown & Williamson Tobacco
Corp., (2000). And, in particular, we must
read "a change in [statutory] language..., if possible, to
have some effect." American Nat. Red Cross v. S. G., (1992). But here, Congress's postenactment
amendments would be superfuous if all military operations
66 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Thomas, J., dissenting

were already contingency operations through the "during a
national emergency" catchall.
Most notably, Congress in 2013 amended (13)(B) to
specify that military operations requiring troop activations
under what is now 14 U. S. C. -- a provision allowing
for the emergency activation of Coast Guard reservists in
certain circumstances -- would henceforth qualify as contin-
gency operations., 126 Stat. 1795. Congress also
specifed that this amendment would be "retroactive" for one
year for purposes of differential pay. (2)(A), id., at
1796. But, if the phrase "during a national emergency"
makes all military operations contingency operations while a
national emergency is in effect, then this amendment and its
retroactivity provision would have been wholly superfuous.
With emergencies always in effect, including for the entirety
of the 1-year retroactivity period, reservists activated pursu-
ant to the Coast Guard provision would already have been
Page Proof Pending Publication
participants in contingency operations and so entitled to dif-
ferential pay.
Other congressional amendments refect the same prob-
lem. In 2011, Congress amended (13)(B) to deem as
contingency operations military operations requiring activa-
tions through, which allows certain reservists to be
called to active duty "[w]hen a Governor requests Federal
assistance in responding to a major disaster or emergency.", 125 Stat. 1394. And, in 2018, Congress amended
the differential-pay statute to entitle reservists activated
under 10 U. S. C. to differential pay., 132
Stat. 1795. That provision allows activations for "pre-
planned mission[s] in support of a combatant command.". But, given the backdrop of constant national
emergencies, these changes could have little, if any, practical
effect if (13)(B) already made all military operations
contingency operations so long as an emergency is ongoing.
Because we disfavor statutory interpretations that would
render statutory language all but superfuous "in practical
 Cite as: (2025) 67

Thomas, J., dissenting

effect," it makes little sense to conclude that Congress
enacted these amendments in case of a hypothetical day
without emergencies. TRW, 534 U. S., at 29. This statu-
tory history therefore provides another reason to adopt a
cabined reading of the "during a national emergency"
language.
* * *
Taken together, these contextual clues establish that the
"during a national emergency" catchall in (13)(B)
reaches only military operations conducted in response to a
national emergency. The differential-pay statute, in cover-
ing any reservist who is called to active duty "pursuant to a
call or order" under "a provision of law referred to in section
101(a)(13)(B), " incorporates (13)(B)'s limits. 5
U. S. C.. Thus, the statutory context of 10 U. S. C.
(13)(B) also establishes that a reservist qualifies for
differential pay under the "catchall" only if he is called to
Page Proof Pending Publication
serve in an operation responding to a national emergency.
Reservists cannot benefit if they are called to serve merely
while other, unrelated emergency responses are ongoing.

III
The majority does not persuasively grapple with the fore-
going evidence of (13)(B)'s meaning. At most, its
reasoning suggests that Congress could have spoken more
clearly. But, that conclusion cannot justify the Court's deci-
sion today.
As an initial matter, the majority wrongly puts a thumb
on the scale in favor of reading the word "during" in a purely
temporal sense. "Normally," it says, "that word `denotes a
temporal link' and means `contemporaneous with.' " Ante, at
44. But, as the major-
ity later acknowledges, the meaning of "during" is context
dependent. Ante, at 49 -- 50; supra, at 59 -- 60. Often, "ordi-
nary reader[s]" will read "during" to "require both a tempo-
ral and substantive connection." Ante, at 50. Our decision
68 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Thomas, J., dissenting

in Ressam is not to the contrary: It stated only that the
purely temporal sense was "the most natural reading of the
word as used in the statute" at issue. 553 U. S., at 274 -- 275.
Even if the majority were right about "during" as a gen-
eral matter, we still must read statutes in context. See
Home Depot U. S. A., Inc. v. Jackson, 
(2019) (narrowly reading a term that, "standing alone, is
broad"). Here, the majority too quickly brushes aside the
key contextual clues in the scheme before us.
To start, the majority cannot disregard the ordinary mean-
ing of "contingency operation" on the ground that we are
interpreting an "express statutory defnition" of that term.
Ante, at 50 -- 51,. When the meaning of a statutory def-
nition is unclear, "the ordinary meaning of the term... is
one of `the most important' factors we can consider." Delli-
gatti v. United States, (2025) ; see supra, at 61. And, even on the
majority's view, the meaning of (13)(B) is at least de-
batable: The majority acknowledges the "force" of counter-
vailing arguments, and it all but admits that its reading gen-
erates superfuity, at least as to Congress's retroactive
provision of differential pay under the Coast Guard amend-
ment. Ante, at 49, 53 -- 54,.
The majority cannot dodge the larger superfuity problem
raised by its overbroad reading either. The majority specu-
lates that there could be a day where no national emergen-
cies are in effect. Ante, at 52 -- 53. But, given the fve-plus
decades of national emergencies against which Congress leg-
islated, that possibility is far too remote to refect Congress's
likely intention in enacting (13)(B). And, Congress's
postenactment amendments -- including the retroactive
amendment -- only further confrm that it intended all of
(13)(B) to have present effect.
The majority downplays the ripple effects its opinion will
have for the term "contingency operation" as used in other
 Cite as: (2025) 69

Thomas, J., dissenting

provisions. Notwithstanding its decision to defne "contin-
gency operation" to mean essentially "any military opera-
tion," the majority offers "no views" on the full consequences
of its interpretation. Ante, at 55,. But, Congress made
(13) the definition for "contingency operation"
throughout Chapter 10 and beyond, and so we "must, to the
extent possible, ensure that the statutory scheme is coherent
and consistent." Ali, 552 U. S., at 222. We cannot leave
that obligation for another day.
The majority's competing textual arguments are also un-
availing. The majority invokes the presumption of consist-
ent usage and the canon of meaningful variation to argue
that a comparison with other statutes shows that "during"
in (13)(B) is merely temporal. Under these princi-
ples, "[i]n a given statute, the same term usually has the
same meaning and different terms usually have different
meanings." Pulsifer v. United States, 
Page Proof Pending Publication
(2024). Thus, the majority argues, it is noteworthy that
Congress used only the word "during," given that other
Code provisions use "during" or equivalent language in a
purely temporal sense. Ante, at 53. If Congress had
wanted to reach only active-duty service undertaken in the
course of a national emergency, the majority posits, it would
have borrowed different, clearer language, such as "during
and in relation to." Ante, at 46. These arguments are true
as far as they go, but they go only so far.
Because "drafters more than rarely use the same word to
denote different concepts, and often... use different words
to denote the same concept," inferences like the majority's
are "particularly defeasible by context." Scalia & Garner
170 -- 171. And, the presumption of consistent usage and
canon of meaningful variation carry especially little weight
when applied to words that are "ubiquitous" and "context-
dependent," whose use drafters are not "likely to keep track
of and standardize." Pulsifer, 601 U. S., at 149. That is the
case with a preposition such as "during," which even the ma-
70 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Thomas, J., dissenting

jority acknowledges to be context dependent, including in its
meaning elsewhere in Title 10. See ante, at 50; supra, at
60. Thus, the majority's arguments on this front cannot be
controlling.3
Likewise, the interaction of the differential-pay statute
with 18 U. S. C. does not move the needle. That stat-
ute criminally bars private parties from supplementing a
federal employee's salary, but it creates an exception for par-
ties who give differential pay to reservists serving on "active
duty under a provision of law referred to in section
101(a)(13).", (h). The majority warns that a nar-
row reading of 10 U. S. C. (13) could create liability
for private employers who mistakenly believe an employee
to be serving in the course of a national emergency. Ante,
at 47 -- 48. But, even setting aside that such employers would
likely have a mens rea defense, see ante, at 48, this
argument for lenity can be relevant only if, "at the end of
the process of construing what Congress has expressed[,]...
Page Proof Pending Publication
the ordinary canons of statutory construction have revealed
no satisfactory construction," Lockhart v. United States, (2016).
Here, those ordinary canons supply an answer.
No more availing is the majority's invocation of the
Congressional Budget Offce (CBO) as evidence of what
an "ordinary reader" might think. Ante, at 48. The major-
ity highlights that CBO at one point applied the majority's
reading when estimating the cost of "potential legislation
featuring [similar] terms." Ibid. But, as the majority ac-
3
The majority emphasizes the Government's concession that, one
of the provisions enumerated in (13)(B), "speaks only temporally"
when "authoriz[ing] the activation of various reservists `[i]n time of na-
tional emergency.' " Ante, at 46 -- 47; see supra, at 60. Whatever the mer-
its of that concession, it does not help the majority. Even when read purely
temporally, -- which allows the Government to maintain "[i]n time
of national emergency" a limited "Ready Reserve" of troops who can be
activated as needed -- has a clear exigency focus. It does not support the
majority's near-boundless interpretation of the (13)(B) catchall.
 Cite as: (2025) 71

Thomas, J., dissenting

knowledges, "no one votes for CBO reports," and courts owe
CBO "no rote deference." Ibid. It is not apparent, then,
why CBO's reports are relevant -- particularly given that the
reports contain no interpretive analysis.4 That one general-
ist agency, for unknown reasons, once shared the majority's
view is hardly compelling evidence of (13)(B)'s mean-
ing, especially given the weight of the interpretive clues and
the practice of the military itself. See supra, at 61 -- 62.
Finally, the majority cannot fall back on workability con-
cerns. The majority asks how a substantive standard can
be discerned from the "during a national emergency" lan-
guage, pointing to the somewhat different formulations that
the Government and I have used compared to the Federal
Circuit's. Ante, at 47, 49. But, "[i]t is not our place to
question whether Congress adopted the... most workable
policy, only to discern and apply the policy it did adopt."
Ysleta del Sur Pueblo v. Texas, (2022).
In any event, the majority's concerns are unjustifed.
Page Proof Pending Publication
However formulated, the inquiry should ordinarily be
straightforward. A reservist is eligible for differential pay
through the "during a national emergency" catchall if he is
called to active-duty service in an operation responding to
such an emergency. The nature of an activation can ordi-
narily be determined from the face of the reservist's activa-
tion orders, which, under Department of Defense and Coast
Guard policies, must state whether he is being activated in
support of a contingency operation. Brief for Respondent
23 -- 24; see Adams, 3 F. 4th, at 1379. If there is any ambigu-
ity, the reservist or his civilian employer can obtain clarif-
cation. Offce of Personnel Management, OPM Policy Guid-
ance Regarding Reservist Differential Under 5 U. S. C. 5538,
p. 23 (rev. June 23, 2015), https://www.opm.gov/policy-
4
For the reports, see CBO, Cost Estimate, S. 593: Reservist Pay Secu-
rity Act of 2004, pp. 2 -- 3 (Aug. 4, 2004); CBO, Cost Estimate, S. 2400:
Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
2005, p. 9 (July 21, 2004).
72 FELICIANO v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

Thomas, J., dissenting

data-oversight/pay-leave/pay-administration/reservist-
differential/policyguidance.pdf. The majority has no basis
to deviate from the commands of statutory text.
* * *
My interpretive conclusion does not mean that Feliciano
should be denied differential pay. As even the Government
admits, Feliciano's "orders indicate that [he] would have been
entitled to differential pay" under a proper reading of
(13)(B) because they indicate that he was being called
to active duty to support the Coast Guard's response to a
national emergency. Brief for Respondent 36; see supra, at
58. The Government argues, however, that petitioner has
forfeited any entitlement. Because we are not a court of
frst view, I would vacate and remand so that the Federal
Circuit may assess these issues in the frst instance. The
majority instead grants Feliciano relief based on a misread-
ing of the statute. I respectfully dissent.
Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 2
Pages 395 -- 421

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 12, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 395

Syllabus

MARTIN, individually and as parent and next
friend of G. W., a minor, et al. v. UNITED
STATES et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the eleventh circuit
No. 24 -- 362. Argued April 29, 2025 -- Decided June 12, 2025
On October 18, 2017, the FBI raided the wrong house in suburban Atlanta.
Offcers meant to execute search and arrest warrants at a suspected
gang hideout at 3741 Landau Lane but instead stormed 3756 Denville
Trace, a quiet family home occupied by petitioners Hilliard Toi Cliatt,
his partner Curtrina Martin, and her 7-year-old son. A six-member
SWAT team breached the front door, detonated a fash-bang grenade,
and assaulted the innocent occupants before realizing their mistake.
The cause of the error was Special Agent Guerra's reliance on a personal
GPS device, combined with the team's failure to notice the street sign
for "Denville Trace" and the house number visible on the mailbox. Left
with personal injuries and property damage, petitioners sued the United
Page Proof Pending Publication
States under the Federal Tort Claims Act (FTCA), 28 U. S. C. 
et seq., seeking damages resulting from the offcers' alleged negligent
and intentional actions during the raid. The district court granted
summary judgment to the government. The Eleventh Circuit affrmed,
applying a unique approach to FTCA claims.
The FTCA waives the federal government's sovereign immunity from suit
as to certain torts committed by federal employees acting within the
scope of their employment. But that waiver is subject to statutory ex-
ceptions, including two relevant to a law enforcement misconduct case
like this one. The frst is the intentional-tort exception in,
which bars claims against the government for 11 enumerated intentional
torts. The second is the discretionary-function exception in,
which bars claims against the government that are based on an offcial's
exercise of discretionary functions. Section 2680(h) also contains a
"law enforcement proviso" which countermands the intentional-tort ex-
ception, allowing suits for six specifed torts (including assault, battery,
false imprisonment, and false arrest) to proceed against the United
States when the torts are committed by "investigative or law enforce-
ment offcers." While most courts hold that the law enforcement pro-
viso applies only to the intentional-tort exception, the Eleventh Circuit's
approach is different in two key respects. First, the Eleventh Circuit
alone holds that the proviso overrides all exceptions in, including
396 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

the discretionary-function exception, meaning that intentional-tort
claims covered by the proviso automatically proceed to the merits with-
out further analysis of other applicable exceptions. Second, to
compensate for this plaintiff-friendly approach, the Eleventh Circuit
permits the government to assert a restrictive Supremacy Clause de-
fense at the liability stage, allowing the government to escape liability
when an offcer's actions have "some nexus with furthering federal pol-
icy" and reasonably "compl[y] with the full range of federal law." Den-
son v. United States, 574 F. 3d 1318, 1348.
Applying its distinctive approach, the Eleventh Circuit held that the
law enforcement proviso protected petitioners' intentional-tort claims
from both the intentional-tort and discretionary-function exceptions.
The court dismissed petitioners' negligence claims under the
discretionary-function exception, reasoning that Special Agent Guerra
enjoyed discretion in preparing for the warrant execution. On the mer-
its of the remaining intentional-tort claims, the court found the gov-
ernment had a valid Supremacy Clause defense and granted summary
judgment for the United States.
Held:
1. The law enforcement proviso in overrides only the
Page Proof Pending Publication
intentional-tort exception in that subsection, not the discretionary-
function exception or other exceptions throughout. Pp. 403 -- 408.
(a) The text and structure of demonstrate that the law en-
forcement proviso applies only to the intentional-tort exception. The
proviso appears within the same subsection and sentence as the
intentional-tort exception, refecting the established principle that stat-
utory provisos generally modify only the provisions in which they ap-
pear. Section 2680 contains 13 discrete exceptions. Coupled with the
lead-in clause, each exception forms a separate sentence and operates
as a structurally distinct provision. The proviso addresses the same
subject matter as subsection (h) -- intentional torts -- while other excep-
tions cover entirely different topics like lost mail, combat injuries, and
quarantine impositions. Further, the proviso's defnitional sentence ex-
pressly limits the defnition of "investigative or law enforcement offcer"
to "this subsection" (i. e., subsection (h)), even though the phrase "law
enforcement offcer" appears elsewhere in. Congress's choice to
embed the proviso within subsection (h) rather than place it at the end
of the full list of exceptions, as it sometimes does with broadly applicable
provisos, further confrms the proviso's limited application to subsection
(h) alone. Pp. 404 -- 407.
(b) Petitioners' arguments for broader application of the proviso
are unpersuasive. While the proviso mirrors the language of 's
 Cite as: (2025) 397

Syllabus

lead-in clause by stating that "shall apply" rather than "shall
not apply," this textual similarity does not demonstrate that the proviso
applies to all exceptions, which form discrete instructions that may be
understood completely without reference to other provisions. The ab-
sence of limiting language in the proviso's frst sentence does not expand
its scope beyond subsection (h), as Congress accomplished that limita-
tion through the proviso's placement within the same sentence as the
intentional-tort exception. Legislative history suggesting Congress in-
tended to address wrong-house raids broadly cannot displace what the
law's terms clearly direct, as legislative history is not the law and Mem-
bers of Congress may have had multiple purposes in mind when crafting
the proviso. Pp. 407 -- 408.
2. The Supremacy Clause does not afford the United States a defense
in FTCA suits. The FTCA is the "supreme" federal law governing
the United States' tort liability and serves as the exclusive remedy for
damages claims arising from federal employees' offcial conduct. The
statute generally makes the government liable under state law on the
same terms as a private individual would be liable under the law of the
place where the tortious conduct occurred. Because the FTCA incor-
porates state law as the liability standard, there is typically no confict
between federal and state law for the Supremacy Clause to resolve.
Page Proof Pending Publication
While federal law may sometimes displace state law in FTCA suits
where a constitutional text or federal statute supplies controlling liabil-
ity rules, the Eleventh Circuit identifed no such federal statute or con-
stitutional provision displacing Georgia tort law in this case. The
court's reliance on In re Neagle, is misplaced, as that 19th-
century decision involved a federal offcer's immunity from state crimi-
nal prosecution for acts necessary and proper in discharging federal
duties, not the federal government's liability under a statute that ex-
pressly subjects it to state tort law on the same terms as private parties.
Section 2674 specifes the defenses available to the government, includ-
ing judicial or legislative immunity and other defenses to which the
United States is entitled, but these do not include the Eleventh Circuit's
novel Supremacy Clause defense. Pp. 409 -- 413.
3. On remand, the Eleventh Circuit should consider whether subsec-
tion (a)'s discretionary-function exception bars either the plaintiffs' neg-
ligent- or intentional-tort claims -- undertaking that assessment without
reference to the mistaken view that the law enforcement proviso applies
to subsection (a). The court must then ask of any surviving claims
whether, under Georgia state law, a "private individual under like cir-
cumstances" would be liable for the acts and omissions the plaintiffs
allege, subject to the defenses discussed in -- not a Supremacy
Clause defense.
398 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Remaining questions surrounding whether and under what circum-
stances the discretionary-function exception may ever foreclose a suit
like this one lie well beyond the two questions the Court granted certio-
rari to address, and their resolution would beneft from the Eleventh
Circuit's careful reexamination of this case in the first instance.
Pp. 413 -- 415.
Vacated and remanded.

Gorsuch, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Soto-
mayor, J., fled a concurring opinion, in which Jackson, J., joined, post,
p. 415.

Patrick Jaicomo argued the cause for petitioners. With
him on the briefs were Anya Bidwell and Jared McClain.
Frederick Liu argued the cause for respondents. With
him on the brief were Acting Solicitor General Harris, Act-
ing Assistant Attorney General Roth, Deputy Solicitor Gen-
eral Kneedler, and Joshua M. Salzman.
Christopher Mills, by invitation of the Court, 604 U. S.
Page Proof Pending Publication
1115, argued the cause and fled a brief as amicus curiae in
support of the judgment below on Question 1.*

Justice Gorsuch delivered the opinion of the Court.
If federal offcers raid the wrong house, causing property
damage and assaulting innocent occupants, may the home-
owners sue the government for damages? The answer is

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for America's Future
et al. by William J. Olson, Jeremiah L. Morgan, Robert J. Olson, and
Jeffrey C. Tuomala; for the Constitutional Accountability Center by Eliz-
abeth B. Wydra and Brianne J. Gorod; for Members of Congress by Jona-
than C. Bond, Jeff Liu, and Lavi M. Ben Dor; for the National Police
Accountability Project et al. by Charles A. Rothfeld, Paul W. Hughes,
Eugene R. Fidell, and John W. Whitehead; for the New Civil Liberties
Alliance by Casey Norman, Jenin Younes, and Mark Chenoweth; for the
North Central Pennsylvania Trial Lawyers Association by Paul Koster;
for Public Accountability et al. by Athul K. Acharya, Clark M. Neily III,
Cecillia D. Wang, Brett M. Kaufman, Scott Michelman, and Cory Isaac-
son; for Public Citizen by Scott L. Nelson and Allison M. Zieve; and for
Gregory C. Sisk by Geoffrey M. Pipoly and Matthew Stanford.
 Cite as: (2025) 399

Opinion of the Court

not as obvious as it might be. All agree that the Federal
Tort Claims Act permits some suits for wrong-house raids.
But the scope of the Act's permission is much less clear.
This case poses two questions about the Act's application:
one concerning the FTCA's sovereign-immunity waiver, and
the other touching on the defenses the United States may
assert.
I
A
In the predawn hours of October 18, 2017, the Federal Bu-
reau of Investigation raided the wrong house in suburban
Atlanta. Offcers meant to execute search and arrest war-
rants at a suspected gang hideout, 3741 Landau Lane. In-
stead, they stormed a quiet family home, 3756 Denville
Trace, occupied by Hilliard Toi Cliatt, his partner Curtrina
Martin, and her 7-year-old son G. W. App. to Pet. for Cert.
3a -- 4a.
Page Proof Pending Publication
A six-member SWAT team, led by FBI Special Agent
Lawrence Guerra, breached the front door and detonated a
fash-bang grenade. Id., at 7a -- 8a. Fearing a home inva-
sion, Mr. Cliatt and Ms. Martin hid in a bedroom closet. Id.,
at 8a. But the SWAT team soon found the couple's hiding
spot, dragged Mr. Cliatt from the closet, "threw [him] down
on the foor," handcuffed him, and began "bombarding [him]
with... questions." Id., at 79a. Meanwhile, another off-
cer trained his weapon on Ms. Martin, who was lying on the
foor half-naked, having fallen inside the closet. Id., at 8a,
89a. Only then did another offcer stumble across some mail
with the home's address on it and realize the team had the
wrong house. Id., at 8a.
The cause of the offcers' mistake? In preparation for the
raid, Agent Guerra visited the correct house to document its
features and identify a staging area for the SWAT team.
Id., at 5a. But, he says, when he used his personal GPS to
navigate to 3741 Landau Lane on the day of the raid, it led
400 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

him to 3756 Denville Trace. 631 F. Supp. 3d 1281, 1287 (ND
Ga. 2022). No one could confrm as much later because
Agent Guerra "threw... away" his GPS device "not long
after" the raid. Id., at 1288. And it seems the agents no-
ticed neither the street sign for "Denville Trace" nor the
house number, which was visible on the mailbox at the end
of the driveway. Ibid.; Tr. of Oral Arg. 38. Apparently,
too, Agent Guerra failed to appreciate that a different car
was parked in the driveway, one "not present... during [his]
previous visit." 631 F. Supp. 3d, at 1288.
Left with personal injuries and property damage -- but few
explanations and no compensation -- Mr. Cliatt and Ms. Mar-
tin sued the United States. They did so under the Federal
Tort Claims Act, 28 U. S. C. et seq., alleging that the
offcers had committed various negligent and intentional
torts, App. 8 -- 14.
B

Page Proof
After discovery andPending
motions practice, Publication
the district court
rejected each of the plaintiffs' claims and granted summary
judgment to the government. The Eleventh Circuit af-
frmed and, in doing so, relied on an understanding of the
FTCA that no other circuit has adopted. To appreciate
what sets the Eleventh Circuit apart and how its approach
affected its analysis of the plaintiffs' claims, it helps to begin
by outlining how this suit would have proceeded elsewhere.
The FTCA allows those injured by federal employees to
sue the United States for damages. The statute achieves
that end by waiving, in 28 U. S. C., the federal gov-
ernment's sovereign immunity for "certain torts committed
by federal employees acting within the scope of their
employment." Brownback v. King, 
(2021). But the statute's
waiver is subject to 13 exceptions that claw back the govern-
ment's immunity in certain circumstances. Set out in,
most of these 13 exceptions are obviously inapplicable to
suits alleging police misconduct within the United States.
 Cite as: (2025) 401

Opinion of the Court

But two in particular -- the discretionary-function exception
and the intentional-tort exception -- sometimes come into
play.
In a suit like this one, most courts begin by assessing the
intentional-tort exception. Located in subsection (h) of, it prohibits claims alleging any of 11 enumerated
torts. But the exception is itself subject to a "law enforce-
ment proviso." Millbrook v. United States, 
(2013). That proviso countermands the exception with re-
spect to six intentional torts (including assault, battery, false
imprisonment, and false arrest) by "investigative or law en-
forcement offcers.". So if a plaintiff alleges that
a federal law enforcement offcer committed one or more of
those six torts, the proviso will ensure those claims survive
an encounter with the intentional-tort exception. Id., at
55 -- 56.
Next, most courts turn to the discretionary-function ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ception. Housed in subsection (a) of, this exception
bars "[a]ny claim" based on the exercise of an offcial's "dis-
cretionary function." Faced with that instruction, most
courts ask whether the exception precludes any of the plain-
tiff's remaining tort claims. And here, the answer is often
less clear cut. The discretionary-function exception, this
Court has said, forbids suits challenging decisions that "in-
volv[e] an element of judgment or choice" of a "kind that
the... exception was designed to shield." United States v.
Gaubert, -- 323 (1991) (alteration in original;
internal quotation marks omitted). But several of our lower
court colleagues report that they have "struggl[ed]" to dis-
cern what this direction requires of them. See, e. g., Xi v.
Haugen, 68 F. 4th 824, 842 (CA3 2023) (Bibas, J., concurring).
So, for example, some lower courts have held that the
discretionary-function exception does not shield "careless" or
"unconstitutional" police conduct from judicial scrutiny, but
others have taken a contrary view and read the exception
much more broadly. Id., at 843; Pet. for Cert. 28 -- 34.
402 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Finally, if any of the plaintiff 's claims survive the
discretionary-function exception and thus fall within the
FTCA's waiver of sovereign immunity, courts turn to a third
question: Is the government liable to the plaintiff on the mer-
its? When it comes to that question, the FTCA provides that
the government will usually be liable to the plaintiff if a
"private individual under like circumstances,", would
be liable under "the law of the place" where the government
employee's wrongful "act or omission occurred," (1).
Ordinarily, then, courts will fnd for the plaintiff if he can
demonstrate that federal offcials committed a tort under ap-
plicable state law. See Brownback, 592 U. S., at 218.
Now compare that approach to the Eleventh Circuit's.
That court begins much as others do, asking whether the
law enforcement proviso permits a plaintiff's intentional-tort
claims to advance past subsection (h)'s intentional-tort ex-
ception. See Nguyen v. United States, 556 F. 3d 1244, 1260
Page Proof Pending Publication
(2009).
But from there, the Eleventh Circuit proceeds quite differ-
ently. Rather than asking whether the discretionary-
function exception bars either the plaintiff's negligent-tort
claims or his intentional-tort claims, as most courts do, the
Eleventh Circuit applies that exception only to the plaintiff's
negligence claims. The Eleventh Circuit does so because, in
its view, the law enforcement proviso does not just override
the intentional-tort exception, it also overrides all the other
exceptions in, the discretionary-function exception in-
cluded. Id., at 1257. Under that approach, any intentional-
tort claim covered by the proviso automatically proceeds to
the merits -- no matter what any other exception has to say.
To compensate for its expansive and plaintiff-friendly
reading of the proviso, the Eleventh Circuit then takes a re-
strictive and defendant-friendly view at the FTCA's liability
stage. In other courts, an FTCA plaintiff will usually pre-
vail if he can show a "private individual under like circum-
stances,", would be liable under "the law of the place"
 Cite as: (2025) 403

Opinion of the Court

where the government employee's wrongful "act or omission
occurred," (1). But in the Eleventh Circuit, the
government may assert a particular affrmative defense
under the Constitution's Supremacy Clause. See Denson v.
United States, 574 F. 3d 1318, 1347 (2009). And that de-
fense, the Eleventh Circuit holds, defeats a claim whenever a
law enforcement offcer's contested actions bear "some nexus
with furthering federal policy and can reasonably be charac-
terized as complying with the full range of federal law." Id.,
at 1348; accord, Kordash v. United States, 51 F. 4th 1289,
1293 (CA11 2022).
Applying its unique approach to this case, the Eleventh
Circuit held that the law enforcement proviso spared the
plaintiffs' intentional-tort claims from both the intentional-
tort and the discretionary-function exceptions. It dismissed
the plaintiffs' negligence claims under the discretionary-
function exception because, in its view, Agent Guerra "en-
joyed discretion in how he prepared for the warrant execu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion." App. to Pet. for Cert. 17a -- 18a. And on the merits
of the plaintiffs' (remaining) intentional-tort claims, the court
held that the government had a winning Supremacy Clause
defense. As a result, the Eleventh Circuit concluded, the
United States was entitled to summary judgment. Id., at
18a -- 19a.
We agreed to take this case to examine the distinctive
features of the Eleventh Circuit's approach -- namely (1)
whether the law enforcement proviso overrides not just the
intentional-tort exception but also the discretionary-function
exception, and (2) whether the Supremacy Clause affords the
United States a defense in FTCA suits. Pet. for Cert. 16,
25. (2025).
II
Begin with the law enforcement proviso. Does it counter-
mand only 's intentional-tort exception, as most cir-
cuits have concluded and the government argues? Brief for
Respondents 25; Xi, 68 F. 4th, at 842 (Bibas, J., concurring)
404 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

(collecting cases). Or does the proviso also override the
other exceptions in, including the discretionary-
function exception in subsection (a), as the Eleventh Circuit
has held and the plaintiffs contend? Nguyen, 556 F. 3d, at
1257; Brief for Petitioners 40.

A
To answer that question, we turn to the relevant statutory
text. Recall that waives the federal government's
sovereign immunity, subject to a list of 13 exceptions housed
in. Those exceptions are lettered (a) through (n),
with one letter unused. Rather than setting the law en-
forcement proviso apart as a discrete provision at the end of
that list, Congress folded it into subsection (h)'s intentional-
tort exception. Here's a sense of how the proviso (under-
lined below) appears in context.
"The provisions of this chapter and section 1346(b) of
Page Proof Pending Publication
this title shall not apply to -- 
"(a) Any claim based upon an act or omission of an
employee of the Government, exercising due care, in the
execution of a statute or regulation, whether or not such
statute or regulation be valid, or based upon the exer-
cise or performance or the failure to exercise or perform
a discretionary function or duty on the part of a federal
agency or an employee of the Government, whether or
not the discretion involved be abused......
"(h) Any claim arising out of assault, battery, false im-
prisonment, false arrest, malicious prosecution, abuse of
process, libel, slander, misrepresentation, deceit, or in-
terference with contract rights: Provided, That, with re-
gard to acts or omissions of investigative or law enforce-
ment offcers of the United States Government, the
provisions of this chapter and section 1346(b) of this title
shall apply to any claim arising, on or after the date of
the enactment of this proviso, out of assault, battery,
 Cite as: (2025) 405

Opinion of the Court

false imprisonment, false arrest, abuse of process, or ma-
licious prosecution. For the purpose of this subsection,
`investigative or law enforcement offcer' means any of-
fcer of the United States who is empowered by law to
execute searches, to seize evidence, or to make arrests
for violations of Federal law......
"(n) Any claim arising from the activities of a Federal
land bank, a Federal intermediate credit bank, or a bank
for cooperatives."
The proviso's placement supplies an immediate clue about
the scope of its application. It appears in the same subsec-
tion (and the same sentence) as the intentional-tort excep-
tion. Given that arrangement, an ordinary reader would
naturally presume that the proviso modifes only subsection
(h). An everyday example helps illustrate the point. Sup-
pose a wife leaves her husband a shopping list: "Please buy -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
Apples. Carrots. Steak: If there is a sale. Bread. Milk."
The wife, we think, would be understandably frustrated if
her husband returned home with only steak in hand because
he could fnd nothing else discounted. Refecting that intu-
ition about ordinary meaning, our cases recognize that, ab-
sent reason to think otherwise, statutory provisos generally
modify only the provisions in which they sit. See McDon-
ald v. United States, -- 21 (1929); Alaska v.
United States, (2005); A. Scalia & B. Garner,
Reading Law 154 -- 155 (2012) (Scalia & Garner).
Nothing about 's proviso gives us reason to think
it works differently. To the contrary, one textual clue after
another confrms that it follows the general rule. Start with
the statute's grammatical structure. Section 2680 contains
a lead-in clause ("The provisions of this chapter and section
1346(b) of this title shall not apply to -- ") followed by a list
of exceptions. In conjunction with the lead-in clause, each
exception forms a stand-alone sentence ending with a period,
operating as a "distinct," "structurally discrete" provision.
406 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Jama v. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and (2005). And, given that, it is hard to see
how the law enforcement proviso might apply beyond sub-
section (h), modifying exceptions housed in separate subsec-
tions (and separate sentences) elsewhere in.
Notice, too, that subsection (h) and its proviso work to-
gether to address the same category of claims: intentional
torts. Subsection (h)'s intentional-tort exception excludes
from the FTCA's sovereign-immunity waiver claims for torts
like "assault, battery, false imprisonment, [and] false arrest."
The proviso then undoes that assertion of sovereign immu-
nity for some of those same torts when committed by "inves-
tigative or law enforcement offcers." By contrast, the pro-
viso does not so much as mention the issues addressed by
's other exceptions, like claims for lost mail, combat
injuries, or the imposition of quarantines., (f), ( j).
That the proviso is "confned" to the same "subject-matter"
Page Proof Pending Publication
as subsection (h)'s "principal clause" stands as more evidence
yet that it "refers only to the provision to which it is
attached." United States v. Morrow, 
(1925).
The proviso's second sentence is telling as well. It defnes
the phrase "investigative or law enforcement offcer." In
doing so, the sentence tells us that the defnition applies only
to "this subsection" (i. e., subsection (h)), even though the
phrase "law enforcement offcer" also appears in subsection
(c)'s exception for claims arising from tax and customs collec-
tion., (h). If Congress had wished the proviso to
modify each of the exceptions in, it might have pro-
vided a section-wide defnition, rather than a limited defni-
tion just for subsection (h).
If more evidence were needed, comparing this statute with
others would supply it. Often, Congress drafts statutory
lists followed by a proviso in a separate paragraph at the
end. See, e. g., 42 U. S. C. (2)(F)(ii)(II), 6928(f)(2).
Sometimes, that placement can suggest that a proviso relates
 Cite as: (2025) 407

Opinion of the Court

to all the preceding subparts, not just the nearest one.
Scalia & Garner 156. But here Congress chose a different
course, folding the proviso into a single exception, rather
than appending it to the end of the full list of exceptions.
And that choice, too, suggests this proviso applies to subsec-
tion (h) alone. See Ysleta del Sur Pueblo v. Texas, (2022).
B
Seeking to defend the Eleventh Circuit's view that the
proviso applies broadly across all of 's exceptions, the
plaintiffs offer a number of thoughtful arguments. But, to
our eyes, none can overcome the textual evidence we have
just laid out.
First, the plaintiffs ask us to focus on how the proviso mir-
rors 's lead-in clause. Brief for Petitioners 42. The
lead-in clause, they observe, preserves the government's sov-
ereign immunity by instructing that 's waiver "shall
Page Proof Pending Publication
not apply to" claims covered by the exceptions. (em-
phasis added). Meanwhile, the proviso countermands that
direction by instructing that 's waiver "shall apply"
to certain claims.. Because the
language of the proviso mirrors the language of the lead-in
clause, the plaintiffs submit, Congress must have meant for
the proviso to have the last word with respect to each of the
FTCA's exceptions. Id., at 42. That conclusion, however,
does not follow from its premise. Yes, the proviso and lead-
in clause contain similar language. And, yes, the proviso
surely countermands the lead-in clause for purposes of sub-
section (h). But none of that means the proviso speaks to
other exceptions that work together with the lead-in lan-
guage to form discrete instructions that "may be understood
completely without reading any further." Jama, 543 U. S.,
at 344.
Second, the plaintiffs remind us that the proviso's second,
defnitional sentence applies to "this subsection," but the
proviso's frst, substantive part contains no such limiting lan-
408 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

guage. Brief for Petitioners 42 -- 43 ).
And that difference, the plaintiffs say, suggests that the frst,
substantive part applies throughout. Id., at 42 -- 43.
Again, however, we do not see it. Congress had no need to
include similar limiting language in the frst part of the pro-
viso to confne its application to subsection (h). Congress
accomplished just that by placing the proviso's frst part in
the same sentence as the intentional-tort exception. Mean-
while, in the proviso's second sentence, Congress arguably
needed to confne the defnition of "investigative or law en-
forcement offcer" to "this subsection" to ensure that the
phrase "law enforcement offcer" carries a different meaning
when it appears in subsection (c).
Third, the plaintiffs resort to legislative history. They
point to a committee report discussing how Congress
enacted the proviso in response to two wrong-house raids
much like their own. Id., at 8 -- 10, 44; see S. Rep. No. 93 -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
588, p. 3 (1973). And, the plaintiffs argue, unless the proviso
is given broad effect across, it will not fulfll Con-
gress's purpose of ensuring that wrong-house-raid cases may
proceed. But this argument stumbles, too. Few pieces of
legislation pursue any single "purpos[e] at all costs." Amer-
ican Express Co. v. Italian Colors Restaurant, (2013). And Mem-
bers of Congress may well have had more than one purpose
in mind when adding the proviso to the FTCA. Perhaps
some thought amending subsection (h) alone and leaving oth-
ers untouched would strike a suitable balance between im-
munity and liability. Perhaps others concluded there was no
need to apply the proviso more broadly because no other
exception would shield the government from liability for
wrong-house raids. Whatever the reason, no amount of
guesswork about the purposes behind legislation can displace
what the law's terms clearly direct. "[L]egislative history
is not the law." Epic Systems Corp. v. Lewis, (2018).
 Cite as: (2025) 409

Opinion of the Court

III
That takes us to the Eleventh Circuit's second outlier posi-
tion and the second question presented. May the United
States defeat an FTCA suit by invoking the Supremacy
Clause and showing that a federal offcer's acts had "some
nexus with furthering federal policy" and "compl[ied] with
the full range of federal law"? App. to Pet. for Cert. 17a. Because the govern-
ment now concedes that it enjoys no such defense, the Court
appointed Christopher Mills as amicus to represent the
Eleventh Circuit's views. (2025). He has
ably discharged his responsibilities. But in the end, we fnd
the government's concession commendable and correct: The
FTCA does not permit the Eleventh Circuit's Supremacy
Clause defense.
The Supremacy Clause supplies a rule of decision when
federal and state laws confict. It provides that the "Consti-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be
made in Pursuance thereof... shall be the supreme Law of
the Land... any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any
state to the Contrary notwithstanding." Art. VI, cl. 2. So,
for example, when a regulated party cannot comply with
both federal and state directives, the Supremacy Clause tells
us the state law must yield. See, e. g., Virginia Uranium,
Inc. v. Warren, (2019) (opinion of Gor-
such, J.).
The FTCA is the "supreme" federal law addressing the
United States' liability for torts committed by its agents. It
supplies the "exclusive remedy" for damages claims arising
out of federal employees' offcial conduct. See Hui v. Cas-
taneda, (2010). And, as we have seen, the
government will usually be liable if a "private individual
under like circumstances,", "would be liable to the
claimant in accordance with the law of the place where the
act or omission occurred," (1). Accordingly, a plain-
tiff may generally prevail in an FTCA suit by demonstrating
410 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

that "the State in which the alleged misconduct occurred
would permit a cause of action for that misconduct to go
forward." Carlson v. Green, (1980).
Because the FTCA's liability rule incorporates state law,
in most cases there is no confict for the Supremacy Clause to
resolve. Take this case. Georgia law supplies the relevant
"law of the place" where the offcers' tortious conduct oc-
curred. (1). And Georgia law would permit a
homeowner to sue a private person for damages if that per-
son intentionally or negligently raided his house and as-
saulted him. See App. 10 -- 13, for assault and battery and Lyttle v.
United States, 867 F. Supp. 2d 1256, 1301 (MD Ga. 2012), for
negligence). So when the FTCA, the relevant federal law
in this feld, instructs courts to apply those same state rules
to decide whether the United States is liable to the plaintiffs,
there is no discord between the two.
Page Proof Pending Publication
To be sure, it is possible (though rare) for federal and state
law to confict in an FTCA suit. So, for example, in Hess
v. United States, this Court held that federal maritime law
supplied the "law of the place" governing an FTCA suit in-
volving an accident on the Columbia River., and (1960). Though the accident "occurred within
the State of Oregon," it happened "on navigable waters...
within the reach of admiralty jurisdiction." Id., at 318. As
a result, federal maritime law displaced state tort law, just
as it would in "an action between private parties." Ibid,. In much the same way, federal law will control other
FTCA suits where "a litigant [can] point specifcally to a con-
stitutional text or a federal statute" that supplies controlling
liability rules, displacing contrary state law. Virginia Ura-
nium, 587 U. S., at 767 ;
see, e. g., PLIVA, Inc. v. Mensing, (2011).
In this case, however, the Eleventh Circuit did not identify
any federal statute or constitutional provision displacing
Georgia tort law. Instead, the court of appeals pointed to a
 Cite as: (2025) 411

Opinion of the Court

line of cases stemming from this Court's decision in In re
Neagle, (1890). App. to Pet. for Cert. 16a -- 
17a. Those cases,
the Eleventh Circuit has observed, hold that federal offcers
may sometimes defeat state prosecutions against them by
demonstrating that their actions, though criminal under
state law, were "necessary and proper" in the discharge of
their federal responsibilities. Id., at 1346 -- 1347 (discussing
In re Neagle). In the Eleventh Circuit's view, that same
logic works to foreclose FTCA suits like the plaintiffs'. 574
F. 3d, at 1346 -- 1347; Kordash, 51 F. 4th, at 1293 -- 1294.
To appreciate why that view is mistaken, a little history
helps. In re Neagle involved an affair, a homicide, and a
habeas petition. In 1883, Sarah Althea Hill claimed to be
the wife of U. S. Senator William Sharon and sought a share
of his fortune in acrimonious California divorce proceedings.
Sharon admitted an affair but insisted that Hill had forged
Page Proof Pending Publication
the pair's handwritten marriage contract. Hill hired David
Terry to represent her. A former Chief Justice of the Cali-
fornia Supreme Court, Terry had resigned that post after
killing (another) U. S. Senator in a duel. As the litigation
wore on, lawyer and client married.
Eventually, the dispute between Hill and Sharon wound
up before U. S. Supreme Court Justice Stephen Field while
he was riding circuit. Terry and Justice Field were no
strangers, having served together on the California Supreme
Court. Even so, Justice Field issued a devastating ruling
against Hill. As he announced his decision, Hill leapt from
her seat, denounced the Justice as "bought," and had to be
carried from the courtroom. Joining the fracas, Terry
punched a marshal and brandished a bowie knife. Even
after the couple spent time in jail for contempt, they contin-
ued to issue threats against Justice Field.1

1
For a full account of the saga, see In re Neagle, 135 U. S., at 42 -- 55;
W. Lewis, The Supreme Court and a Six-Gun: The Extraordinary Story of
In re Neagle, 43 A. B. A. J. 415 (1957) (Lewis).
412 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Those events found their way into the U. S. Reports this
way. Aware of the threat Hill and Terry posed, the U. S.
Attorney General ordered Deputy Marshal David Neagle, a
former chief of police in Tombstone, Arizona, to accompany
Justice Field when he next rode circuit in California. Lewis
478; In re Neagle, 135 U. S., at 51 -- 52. That decision proved
prescient, for Terry soon cornered the Justice on a train and
attacked him. Id., at 52 -- 54. Intervening to protect the
Justice, Neagle shot and killed Terry. Ibid. After the
shooting, California authorities arrested Neagle and began
prosecuting him for murder. Neagle countered by fling a
petition for a writ of habeas corpus in federal court seeking
his release. Ibid.
When Neagle's petition reached this Court, it agreed the
writ should issue, reasoning that the Supremacy Clause
shielded him from state criminal charges. Without some
such protection, the Court concluded, California could frus-
Page Proof Pending Publication
trate federal law by prosecuting a federal marshal "for an
act which he was authorized to do by the law of the United
States," an act "which it was his duty to do," and in circum-
stances where he "did no more than what was necessary and
proper." Id., at 75 -- 76.
Memorable as In re Neagle may be, we do not see how it
informs the prosaic task of applying the FTCA. The Court's
decision may stand for the proposition that federal law will
sometimes preempt a state criminal law when it conficts
with a federal offcer's duties -- and do so even in the absence
of express federal legislation overriding the state law in
question. But In re Neagle does not speak to a situation
where, as here, Congress has entered the feld and expressly
bound the federal government to accept liability under state
tort law on the same terms as a "private individual.".
After all, no private individual could deploy In re Neagle to
his advantage. It has only ever worked to shield "[f]ederal
offcers who are discharging their duties." Ohio v. Thomas,
(1899); see also In re Neagle, 135 U. S., at
 Cite as: (2025) 413

Opinion of the Court

62 ("offcers and agents... acting... within the scope of
their authority"); Davis v. Burke, (1900)
("an offcer of the United States [who] has been arrested
under state process for acts done under the authority of the
Federal government").2
To be sure, the government may raise other defenses
against tort liability, and some may be uniquely federal in
nature. After setting forth the general rule that the gov-
ernment can be held liable under state tort law on the same
terms as a "private individual," adds that the govern-
ment may "assert any defense based upon judicial or legisla-
tive immunity which otherwise would have been available to
the employee of the United States whose act or omission
gave rise to the claim, as well as any other defenses to which
the United States is entitled." But none of these defenses
include In re Neagle. That decision did not recognize a "ju-
dicial or legislative immunity." Nor has it been understood
Page Proof Pending Publication
as a "defens[e] to which the United States is entitled," but
instead (and again) as a shield "[f]ederal offcers" may assert.
Thomas, 173 U. S., at 283. Had Congress wanted to refash-
ion In re Neagle into a new defense the government itself
can assert under the FTCA, it might have said so. Yet it
did not.
IV
Where does all that leave the case before us? We can say
this much: The plaintiffs' intentional-tort claims survive

2
To date at least, this Court has also generally understood In re Neagle
as providing federal offcers a shield against only state criminal prosecu-
tion, not (as here) state tort liability. See, e. g., Thomas, 173 U. S., at 283 -- 
285 (favorably citing In re Waite, a case holding that the defense would
permit "a civil action for damages," even where it barred "a criminal
prosecution," because a damages action, unlike a prosecution, would not
bring the "federal and state governments into confict," 81 F. 359, 363 -- 364
(ND Iowa 1897)); Johnson v. Maryland, (1920) (suggesting
that the defense would not foreclose "liability under the common law of a
State" for "negligence").
414 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

their encounter with subsection (h) thanks to the law en-
forcement proviso, as the Eleventh Circuit recognized. But
it remains for that court on remand to consider whether sub-
section (a)'s discretionary-function exception bars either the
plaintiffs' negligent- or intentional-tort claims. As we have
explained, the Eleventh Circuit must undertake that assess-
ment without reference to its mistaken view that the law
enforcement proviso applies to subsection (a). Should some
or all of the plaintiffs' claims survive the discretionary-
function exception, the Eleventh Circuit must then ask
whether, under Georgia state law, a "private individual
under like circumstances" would be liable for the acts and
omissions the plaintiffs allege, subject to the defenses dis-
cussed in -- not a Supremacy Clause defense nowhere
mentioned there.
Having resolved that much, the plaintiffs ask us to decide
more still. See Brief for Petitioners 19 -- 40. In particular,
Page Proof Pending Publication
they call on us to determine whether and under what circum-
stances the discretionary-function exception bars suits for
wrong-house raids and similar misconduct. Unless we take
up that further question, they worry, the Eleventh Circuit
on remand may take too broad a view of the exception and
dismiss their claims again. After all, the plaintiffs observe,
in the past that court has suggested that the discretionary-
function exception bars any claim "unless a source of federal
law `specifcally prescribes' a course of conduct" and thus de-
prives an offcial of all discretion. Id., at 36 ). And that
approach, the plaintiffs insist, is both seriously mistaken and
at odds with how other circuits understand the exception.
Brief for Petitioners 36. Some courts, for instance, have
held that the discretionary-function exception does not pro-
tect conduct "marked by individual carelessness or laziness,"
rather than "policy considerations." Rich v. United States,
811 F. 3d 140, 147 (CA4 2015). Some courts do not apply the
exception when law enforcement offcers violate the plain-
 Cite as: (2025) 415

Sotomayor, J., concurring

tiffs' constitutional rights. Xi, 68 F. 4th, at 839 ("govern-
ment offcials never have discretion to violate the Constitu-
tion"). And some have indicated that the exception does not
protect "ministerial" tasks. See id., at 843 (Bibas, J., con-
curring). The plaintiffs ask us to endorse decisions like
these, apply their reasoning to this case, and hold it survives
the discretionary-function exception. Brief for Petitioners
39 -- 40.
We readily acknowledge that different lower courts have
taken different views of the discretionary-function exception.
We acknowledge, too, that important questions surround
whether and under what circumstances that exception may
ever foreclose a suit like this one. But those questions lie
well beyond the two we granted certiorari to address. And
before addressing them, we would beneft from the Eleventh
Circuit's careful reexamination of this case in the frst in-
stance. It is work enough for the day to answer the ques-
tions we took this case to resolve, clear away the two faulty
Page Proof Pending Publication
assumptions on which that court has relied in the past, and
redirect it to the proper inquiry.
The judgment of the Eleventh Circuit is vacated, and the
case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Sotomayor, with whom Justice Jackson joins,
concurring.
I join in full the Court's opinion, which holds that the Elev-
enth Circuit's distinctive approach to suits under the Federal
Tort Claims Act (FTCA) is wrong in two respects. See ante,
at 403 -- 404, 413 -- 414. The law enforcement proviso modifes
only the subsection in which it is located: Section 2680(h)'s
intentional-tort exception. Ante, at 403 -- 408. The United
States, moreover, may not defeat an FTCA suit simply by
"showing that a federal offcer's acts had `some nexus with
furthering federal policy' and `compl[ied] with the full range
416 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Sotomayor, J., concurring

of federal law.' " Ante, at 409. With
those two principles clarifed, I also agree that the Eleventh
Circuit must now consider on remand whether the
FTCA's discretionary-function exception bars plaintiffs'
negligent- and intentional-tort claims. Ante, at 414 -- 415. I
write separately to underscore that there is reason to think
the discretionary-function exception may not apply to these
claims.
I
The FTCA shields the United States from liability for
claims "based upon" a federal employee's "exercise or per-
formance" (or failure to exercise or perform) "a discretionary
function or duty," "whether or not the discretion involved be
abused." 28 U. S. C.. This Court has set forth a
two-part test that governs the application of, known
as the discretionary-function exception. First, courts must
consider the nature of the offcial's conduct and decide
Page Proof Pending Publication
whether it " `involv[es] an element of judgment or choice.' "
United States v. Gaubert, (1991) ). "The
requirement of judgment or choice," this Court has ex-
plained, "is not satisfed if a `federal statute, regulation, or
policy specifcally prescribes a course of action for an em-
ployee to follow.' " 499 U. S., at 322. In such circum-
stances, " `the employee has no rightful option but to adhere
to the directive.' " Ibid.
Even where a federal employee retains an element of
choice, however, the exception does not apply refexively.
After all, it is rare for statutes or regulations to prescribe
an offcial's required course of conduct down to the very last
detail, so some degree of choice will almost invariably re-
main. Thus, this Court has required lower courts to deter-
mine, at the second step, whether "th[e] judgment is of the
kind that the discretionary function exception was designed
to shield." Berkovitz, 486 U. S., at 536. Because "[t]he
basis for the discretionary function exception was Congress'
 Cite as: (2025) 417

Sotomayor, J., concurring

desire to `prevent judicial "second-guessing" of legislative
and administrative decisions grounded in social, economic,
and political policy through the medium of an action in tort,' "
this Court has clarifed that the exception protects only those
governmental actions and decisions that are themselves
"based on considerations of public policy." Id., at 536 -- 537
); see Gaubert, 499
U. S., at 323.
To that end, this Court has said, it is "obviou[s]" that some
discretionary acts performed by Government agents "are
within the scope of [their] employment but not within the
discretionary function exception." Id., at 325,. If a
federal banking regulator "drove an automobile on a mission
connected with his offcial duties and negligently collided
with another car," for example, the Court has made clear
that "the exception would not apply." Ibid. That is be-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cause, while "driving requires the constant exercise of dis-
cretion, the offcial's decisions in exercising that discretion
can hardly be said to be grounded in regulatory policy."
Ibid.
It has been 34 years since this Court last weighed in on
the discretionary-function exception, see Gaubert, and despite substantial percolation in the courts of ap-
peals, the "exact boundaries of the exception remain un-
clear," 14 C. Wright, A. Miller, & H. Hershkoff, Federal Prac-
tice and Procedure.1 (4th ed. Supp. 2025). The Court
today resolves one of the Circuit splits regarding the excep-
tion's application: whether claims that fall within the FTCA's
law enforcement proviso must necessarily fall outside of the
discretionary-function exception. Yet, as the Court recog-
nizes, ante, at 414 -- 415, several additional points of disagree-
ment remain, including whether allegedly "unconstitutional
conduct necessarily falls outside the exception" because off-
cials lack discretion to violate the Constitution, and "whether
the exception applies when the challenged act was careless
418 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Sotomayor, J., concurring

rather than a considered exercise of discretion." Xi v.
Haugen, 68 F. 4th 824, 843 (CA3 2023) (Bibas, J., concurring)
(describing these Circuit splits). Given the enduring ques-
tions about how to apply the discretionary-function excep-
tion, and the divergent approaches taken by the Circuits, it
is long past time for this Court to weigh in on the excep-
tion's scope.
Even without further intervention by this Court, however,
there is reason to question the Eleventh Circuit's suggestion
in the decision below that the discretionary-function excep-
tion might apply " `unless a source of federal law "specifcally
prescribes" a [federal employee's] course of conduct.' " 2024
WL 1716235, *6 (2024) ; emphasis in original). That ap-
proach, which even the Government does not defend before
this Court, would run headlong into this Court's precedents.
Gaubert, after all, applies the discretionary-function excep-
tion only where an offcial's actions both involve an element
Page Proof Pending Publication
of judgment and rely on public policy considerations. See
499 U. S., at 322 -- 323; see also Berkovitz, 486 U. S., at 536 -- 
537. Whether federal law prescribes a particular course of
action resolves only the frst of Gaubert's two questions.
The second question (whether an offcer's decisions were
" `based on considerations of public policy,' " 499 U. S., at 323)
remains live. Were it otherwise, a federal offcial's negli-
gent driving decisions would fall beyond the reach of the
discretionary-function exception only if federal law or policy
specifcally prescribed an offcer's permissible maneuvers on
the road. Cf. id., at 325,.

II
Agent Guerra's preparation to execute search and arrest
warrants at 3741 Landau Lane, and his subsequent decision
to raid Martin and Cliatt's home at 3756 Denville Trace, bear
some resemblance to Gaubert's negligent driving hypotheti-
cal. Like driving, executing a warrant always involves
 Cite as: (2025) 419

Sotomayor, J., concurring

some measure of discretion. Yet it is hard to see how Guer-
ra's conduct in this case, including his allegedly negligent
choice to use his personal GPS and his failure to check the
street sign or house number on the mailbox before breaking
down Martin's door and terrorizing the home's occupants, in-
volved the kind of policy judgments that the discretionary-
function exception was designed to protect.
The FTCA's history, too, confrms Congress's intention to
subject the United States to liability for intentional torts
committed by law enforcement offcers like Agent Guerra.
The relevant context is as follows: For several decades after
the FTCA's enactment, Congress retained the United States'
sovereign immunity for myriad intentional torts committed
by federal employees, including assault, battery, and false
arrest. See 28 U. S. C.. That changed, however,
in response to an episode that will sound familiar to readers
of the majority opinion. See ante, at 399 -- 400.
Page Proof Pending Publication
In April 1973, Herbert and Evelyn Giglotto awoke in their
Collinsville, Illinois, townhouse "to the sound of someone
smashing down their door and bursting into their home." J.
Boger, M. Gitenstein, & P. Verkuil, The Federal Tort Claims
Act Intentional Torts Amendment: An Interpretative Analy-
sis, 54 N. C. L. Rev. 497, 500 (1976). After 15 state and
federal offcers ransacked the Giglottos' home, tied them up
at gunpoint, and threatened to shoot Mr. Giglotto if he
moved, the offcers realized they " `ha[d] the wrong people.' "
Ibid. The offcers eventually moved on to the home of Don-
ald Askew, where they terrorized yet another innocent cou-
ple before confessing they had acted on a " `bad tip.' " Id.,
at 501.
The Collinsville raids garnered national attention, includ-
ing from the United States Senate. See S. Rep. No. 93 -- 588,
pp. 2 -- 3 (1973); see also Brief for Members of Congress as
Amici Curiae 8 -- 12. Noting that "[t]here [was] no effective
legal remedy against the Federal Government for the actual
physical damage, much less the pain, suffering and humilia-
420 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Sotomayor, J., concurring

tion to which the Collinsville families ha[d] been subjected,"
the Senate Committee on Government Operations proposed
an amendment to the FTCA. See S. Rep. No. 93 -- 588, at 2.
The solution was to add a proviso to the end of the
intentional-tort exception that "deprive[s] the Federal Gov-
ernment of the defense of sovereign immunity" for FTCA
suits arising out of the state-law torts of "assault, battery,
false imprisonment, false arrest, malicious prosecution, or
abuse of process" by federal law enforcement offcers. Id.,
at 3; see. The Committee designed the proviso to
ensure "innocent individuals who are subjected to raids of
the type conducted in Collinsville, Illinois, will have a cause
of action against the individual Federal agents [via suits
under Bivens v. Six Unknown Fed. Narcotics Agents, (1971)] and the Federal Government [through the
FTCA]." Id., at 3.
Of course, the majority correctly holds that the proviso
Page Proof Pending Publication
does not altogether trump the discretionary-function excep-
tion: Even if an intentional-tort claim "survive[s its] en-
counter with subsection (h) thanks to the law enforcement
proviso," courts must nevertheless consider whether "sub-
section (a)'s discretionary-function exception bars... the
plaintiffs' negligent- or intentional-tort claims." Ante, at
413 -- 414. Courts, however, should not ignore the existence
of the law enforcement proviso, or the factual context that
inspired its passage, when construing the discretionary-func-
tion exception. Whatever else is true of that exception, any
interpretation should allow for liability in the very cases
Congress amended the FTCA to remedy. See Van Buren v.
United States, (2021) (" `When Congress
amends legislation, courts must presume it intends the
change to have real and substantial effect' "); see also Hun-
gary v. Simon, (2025) (relying on a statute's
" `historical backdrop' " to " `permit adjudication of claims' "
that an earlier decision of this Court had avoided).
 Cite as: (2025) 421

Sotomayor, J., concurring

* * *
On remand, the court should approach the discretionary-
function exception with an eye to both steps of the Gaubert
analysis and to the existence and context of the intentional-
tort exception's law enforcement proviso.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 401, line 11: "against" is changed to "by"
p. 419, line 20: "house" is changed to "home"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 1
Pages 46 -- 99

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 20, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
46 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD, FLORIDA
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the eleventh circuit
No. 23 -- 997. Argued January 13, 2025 -- Decided June 20, 2025
Karyn Stanley worked as a frefghter for the City of Sanford, Florida,
starting in 1999. When Ms. Stanley was hired, the City offered health
insurance until age 65 for two categories of retirees: those with 25 years
of service and those who retired earlier due to disability. In 2003, the
City changed its policy to provide health insurance up to age 65 only for
retirees with 25 years of service, while those who retired earlier due to
disability would receive just 24 months of coverage. Ms. Stanley later
developed a disability that forced her to retire in 2018, entitling her to
only 24 months of health insurance under the revised policy.
Ms. Stanley sued, claiming the City violated the Americans with Disa-
bilities Act by providing different health-insurance benefts to those who
retire with 25 years of service and those who retire due to disability.
The district court dismissed her ADA claim, reasoning that the alleged

Page Proof Pending Publication
discrimination occurred after she retired, when she was not a "qualifed
individual" under Title I of the ADA, 42 U. S. C., because she
no longer held or sought a job with the defendant. The Eleventh Cir-
cuit affrmed.
Held: The judgment is affrmed.
83 F. 4th 1333, affrmed.
Justice Gorsuch delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
Parts I and II, concluding that, to prevail under, a plaintiff
must plead and prove that she held or desired a job, and could perform
its essential functions with or without reasonable accommodation, at the
time of an employer's alleged act of disability-based discrimination.
Pp. 51 -- 59.
(a) Section 12112(a) makes it unlawful for a covered employer to dis-
criminate against a qualifed individual on the basis of disability in re-
gard to compensation. The parties agree that retirement benefts qual-
ify as "compensation" and assume the City's policy revision constituted
disability-based discrimination. The disagreement centers on whether
addresses discrimination against retirees.
A "qualifed individual" is someone "who, with or without reasonable
accommodation, can perform the essential functions of the employment
position that [she] holds or desires.". Congress's use of
present-tense verbs ("holds," "desires," "can perform") signals that
 Cite as: (2025) 47

Syllabus

protects individuals able to do the job they hold or seek at
the time they suffer discrimination, not retirees who neither hold nor
desire a job.
The statute's defnition of "reasonable accommodation" -- "job restruc-
turing," modifying "existing facilities used by employees," and altering
"training materials or policies," -- makes sense for current em-
ployees or applicants but not for retirees. Section 12112(b)'s examples
of discrimination, such as "qualifcation standards" and "employment
tests," similarly aim to protect job holders and seekers, not retirees.
Comparing Title I of the ADA and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964 reinforces this reading. Title VII protects "employee[s],", without temporal qualifcation, sometimes covering former
employees. But where Title VII links "employee" to present-tense
verbs, it refers to current employees. Robinson v. Shell Oil Co.,, 343. Similarly the ADA's "qualifed individual"
yoked to present-tense verbs suggests current job holders or seekers.
Court precedent supports this interpretation. In Cleveland v. Policy
Management Systems Corporation, the Court noted that a plaintiff 's
assertion she is " `unable to work' will appear to negate an essential
element of her ADA case," anticipating that someone may fall outside

Page Proof Pending Publication
's protections if she can "no longer do the job.", 806. Pp. 51 -- 55.
(b) Ms. Stanley argues that 's "qualifed individual" require-
ment is a conditional mandate -- applicable only if a plaintiff holds or
seeks a job. If neither, she contends, there are no "essential functions"
to perform, making every retiree automatically "qualifed." The Court
rejects this conceivable-but-convoluted interpretation in favor of the or-
dinary one.
Ms. Stanley's surplusage argument -- that the Court's reading renders
(5)(A)'s reference to "applicant or employee" meaningless -- 
also fails. That phrase may still serve a narrowing function, and "[t]he
canon against surplusage is not an absolute rule." Marx v. General
Revenue Corp.,.
Ms. Stanley argues that Title I's broad language allowing "any person
alleging discrimination" to sue makes the "qualifed individual" lan-
guage irrelevant. But the statute protects people, not benefts, from
discrimination -- specifcally, qualifed individuals.
Finally, Ms. Stanley invokes the ADA's purpose of eradicating
disability-based discrimination. She argues this goal would be best
served by a judicial decision extending Title I's protections to retirees.
But "legislation [does not] pursu[e] its purposes at all costs," Rodriguez
v. United States, -- 526, and other laws may protect
48 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Syllabus

retirees from discrimination. If Congress wishes to extend Title I to
retirees, it can do so. Pp. 55 -- 59.

Gorsuch, J., delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to Parts I
and II, in which Roberts, C. J., and Thomas, Alito, Kagan, Kava-
naugh, and Barrett, JJ., joined, and an opinion with respect to Part III,
in which Alito, Sotomayor, and Kagan, JJ., joined. Thomas, J., fled an
opinion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment, in which Bar-
rett, J., joined, post, p. 66. Sotomayor, J., fled an opinion concurring in
part and dissenting in part, post, p. 74. Jackson, J., fled a dissenting
opinion, in which Sotomayor, J., joined as to Parts III and IV, except for, post, p. 75.

Deepak Gupta argued the cause for petitioner. With him
on the briefs were Eric F. Citron, Robert Friedman, Jenni-
fer D. Bennett, Jessica Garland, and Patricia R. Sigman.
Frederick Liu argued the cause for the United States as
amicus curiae urging vacatur. With him on the brief were
Solicitor General Prelogar, Assistant Attorney General
Page Proof Pending Publication
Clarke, Deputy Solicitor General Fletcher, Tovah R. Calde-
ron, Sydney A. R. Foster, Karla Gilbride, Jennifer S. Gold-
stein, Anne Noel Occhialino, and James M. Tucker.
Jessica C. Conner argued the cause for respondent. With
her on the brief were Douglas T. Noah and Patricia M.
Rego Chapman.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for AARP et al. by
Louis Lopez, William Alvarado Rivera, and Rebecca Rodgers; for the
American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations
by Harold C. Becker and Matthew Ginsburg; for the Constitutional Ac-
countability Center by Elizabeth B. Wydra and Brianne J. Gorod; for the
Disability Rights Legal Center et al. by J. Carl Cecere; for the Georgia
Advocacy Offce et al. by Paul Koster; for the International Association of
Fire Fighters by John R. Mooney; and for Main Street Alliance by Brad-
ley Girard, Rachel L. Fried, Robin F. Thurston, and Sunu Chandy.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Center for
Workplace Compliance by Michael J. Eastman; for the Chamber of Com-
merce of the United States of America by Michael E. Kenneally and
James D. Nelson; and for the Local Government Legal Center et al. by
Meaghan VerGow, Amanda Karras, and Erich Eiselt.
 Cite as: (2025) 49

Opinion of the Court

Justice Gorsuch announced the judgment of the Court
and delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to Parts
I and II, and an opinion with respect to Part III, in which
Justice Alito, Justice Sotomayor, and Justice Kagan
join.
Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act bars employ-
ers from "discriminat[ing] against a qualifed individual on
the basis of disability in regard to... compensation" and
other matters. 42 U. S. C.. The statute defnes a
"qualifed individual" as "an individual who, with or without
reasonable accommodation, can perform the essential func-
tions of the employment position that such individual holds
or desires.". The question before us concerns
whether a retired employee who does not hold or seek a job
is a "qualifed individual."
I
Because this case comes to us on a motion to dismiss, we
Page Proof Pending Publication
take as true the well-pleaded facts in the plaintiff 's com-
plaint, National Rife Association of America v. Vullo, (2024), and do not consider evidence beyond
that pleading, Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 12(d); Carter v. Stanton,
(1972) (per curiam). With those con-
straints in mind, we begin by setting out the facts as the
plaintiff, Karyn Stanley, has alleged them.
Ms. Stanley started working as a frefghter for the city of
Sanford, Florida (City), in 1999. At frst, she planned to
serve for 25 years. Complaint in No. 6:20 -- cv -- 00629 (MD
Fla.), ECF Doc. 1, ¶¶ 13, 16 (Complaint). Part of the reason
for that had to do with health insurance. At the time the
City hired her, it offered health insurance until age 65 for
two categories of retirees: those who retired with 25 years
of service, and those who retired earlier because of a disabil-
ity. Id., ¶ 19. In 2003, though, the City changed its policy.
Going forward, it said, it would continue to pay for health
insurance up to age 65 for retirees with 25 years of service.
Id., ¶¶ 20 -- 21. But for those who retired earlier due to dis-
50 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

ability, the City announced, it would now provide health in-
surance for just 24 months, unless the retiree started receiv-
ing Medicare benefts sooner. Id., ¶ 20. At some point
after the City revised its policy, Ms. Stanley's complaint does
not say when, she began to suffer from an unspecifed disabil-
ity. Id., ¶ 16. And, in 2018, that "disability forced her to
retire" earlier than she had planned. Ibid. Under the
City's revised policy, that meant she was entitled to at most
24 months of health insurance.
Based on these facts, Ms. Stanley brought suit claim-
ing that the City had violated the ADA and a number of
other state and federal laws. Providing different health-
insurance benefts to those who retire with 25 years of serv-
ice and those who retire earlier due to disability, she con-
tended, amounted to impermissible discrimination based on
disability. The City responded by fling a motion to dismiss
Ms. Stanley's complaint for failure to state a claim.
The district court denied that motion in part, allowing
Page Proof Pending Publication
some of Ms. Stanley's claims to proceed. But with respect
to her ADA claim, the district court saw things differently.
Ms. Stanley's complaint, the court observed, alleged that the
City had treated her worse than other similarly situated indi-
viduals because of her disability, App. to Pet. for Cert. 21a -- 
22a, what is known as a disparate-treatment claim, see Ray-
theon Co. v. Hernandez, (2003). To state
such a claim under the ADA, the court continued, 
required her to allege, among other things, facts suffcient to
show that she was a "qualifed individual" at the time of the
City's alleged discrimination. App. to Pet. for Cert. 24a.
But in this case, the court reasoned, the discrimination Ms.
Stanley alleged -- reduced healthcare benefts -- did not take
place until after she retired. And by that point, she was not
a "qualifed individual" under the ADA because she was not
someone "who, with or without reasonable accommodation,
can perform the essential functions of the employment posi-
tion that such individual holds or desires." ; see
App. to Pet. for Cert. 26a. As a result, the court held, it
 Cite as: (2025) 51

Opinion of the Court

had no choice but to grant the City's motion to dismiss her
ADA claim. Id., at 26a.
The Eleventh Circuit affrmed. It, too, concluded that
does not reach allegations of discrimination
against a retiree "who does not hold or desire to hold an
employment position" that she is capable of performing with
reasonable accommodation. 83 F. 4th 1333, 1337 (2023).
But, the court acknowledged, not every court of appeals
would agree. Like the Eleventh Circuit, the Sixth, Seventh,
and Ninth Circuits have said that Title I's antidiscrimination
provision "does not protect people who neither held nor de-
sired a job with the defendant at the time of discrimination."
Id., at 1341. But the Second and Third Circuits take a dif-
ferent view. As those courts see it, the ADA's defnition of
"qualifed individual" is "ambiguous," and they have resolved
that ambiguity "in favor of " extending the statute to reach
retirees like Ms. Stanley. Ibid.
Page Proof Pending Publication
We granted certiorari to resolve the circuits' disagreement
over whether reaches discrimination against re-
tirees who neither hold nor desire a job whose essential
tasks they can perform with reasonable accommodation.
(2024).
II
A
The ADA contains fve titles separately addressing em-
ployment, public entities, public accommodations, telecom-
munications, and miscellaneous matters. 104 Stat. 327 -- 328.
Ms. Stanley brought her suit under Title I, which speaks
to employment. Section 12112(a) provides Title I's general
liability rule for disability discrimination. It makes it un-
lawful for a covered employer to "discriminate against a
qualifed individual on the basis of disability in regard to...
compensation," among other things.
The parties disagree about the meaning of this language,
but their dispute is a narrow one. They take as given that
retirement benefts, like those at issue here, qualify as "com-
52 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

pensation." See Hishon v. King & Spalding, (1984); Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Co. v.
EEOC, (1983). For purposes of our re-
view, we may also assume that the City's revision to its
retirement-benefts plan constituted "discrimina[tion]... on
the basis of disability." The only question that separates
the parties is whether addresses discrimination
against retirees like Ms. Stanley. She (and two circuits)
think the answer is yes; the City (and several other circuits)
believe otherwise.
To resolve that disagreement, we turn, as we must, to the
statutory terms Congress has given us. Section 12112(a)
tells us that Title I prohibits discrimination against "quali-
fed individual[s]." And a qualifed individual, Title I contin-
ues, is someone "who, with or without reasonable accom-
modation, can perform the essential functions of the
employment position that [she] holds or desires.".
Page Proof Pending Publication
From these directions, one clue emerges immediately.
"[T]o ascertain a statute's temporal reach," this Court has
"frequently looked to Congress' choice of verb tense." Carr
v. United States, (2010). And here, Con-
gress has made it unlawful to "discriminate against" some-
one who "can perform the essential functions of " the job she
"holds or desires." Those present-tense verbs signal that
protects individuals who, with or without reason-
able accommodation, are able to do the job they hold or seek
at the time they suffer discrimination. Conversely, those
verbs tend to suggest that the statute does not reach retirees
who neither hold nor desire a job at the time of an alleged
act of discrimination.
Reinforcing this assessment is the statute's defnition of
"reasonable accommodation." Title I, recall, prohibits dis-
crimination against an individual who can perform essential
job functions "with or without reasonable accommodation."
; see. And a "reasonable accommoda-
tion," the ADA provides, refers to things like "job restruc-
 Cite as: (2025) 53

Opinion of the Court

turing," modifying "existing facilities used by employees,"
and altering "training materials or policies.".
Those kinds of accommodations make perfect sense when it
comes to current employees or applicants. But it is hard to
see how they might apply to retirees who do not hold or seek
a job.
Section 12112(b) conveys a similar message. That provi-
sion offers examples of what constitutes " `discriminat[ion]
against a qualifed individual on the basis of disability.' " So,
for instance, subsection (b)(6) defnes discrimination to in-
clude using certain "qualifcation standards, employment
tests or other selection criteria" unless they are "job-related
for the position in question." Plainly, that mandate aims to
protect jobseekers. But it makes no sense in the context of
retirees who do not seek employment. The same goes for
subsection (b)(7), which requires that "tests concerning em-
ployment... accurately refect the skills" and "aptitude" of
Page Proof Pending Publication
an "employee or applicant." It would be strange for em-
ployers to test the job skills of former employees who do not
plan to return to work. This pattern repeats itself through-
out, underscoring 's focus on current and
prospective employees -- not retirees.
Instructive, too, is the fact that another part of the statute
speaks differently. Where prohibits certain acts
of employment discrimination against "a qualifed individual,"
prohibits retaliation against "any individual" who
opposes a discriminatory act. That Congress used different
language in these two provisions strongly suggests that it
meant for them to work differently. After all, when a docu-
ment uses a term in one place and a materially different term
in another, " `the presumption is that the different term de-
notes a different idea.' " Southwest Airlines Co. v. Saxon,
(2022) ).
Further evidence still comes from examining Title I of the
ADA in light of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 78
54 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

Stat. 253, as amended, 42 U. S. C. et seq. The two
statutes share much in common, not least the fact that they
both address employment discrimination. See Mount Lem-
mon Fire Dist. v. Guido, (2018). But the
statutes also bear differences we have found illuminating in
the past. See, e. g., EEOC v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores,
Inc., (2015). And one difference concerns
the class of people the statutes protect. Title VII protects
"employees," -- 3(a), a term that law defnes without
"any temporal qualifer," Robinson v. Shell Oil Co., (1997). In keeping with that unqualifed term, Title
VII sometimes bars discrimination against former employ-
ees as well as current ones. Id., at 341. But elsewhere in
Title VII, context clarifes that "the term `employee' refers
unambiguously to a current employee." Id., at 343. That
is true, for instance, where the statute links the term "em-
ployee" to present-tense verbs like work and has. Id., at
Page Proof Pending Publication
341, 343. The upshot? Even if the ADA's reference
to a "qualifed individual," like Title VII's reference to an
"employee," might be read in isolation to encompass retirees,
once Congress yokes those kinds of terms to present-tense
verbs -- such "holds," "desires," and "can perform" -- that as-
sumption becomes considerably less plausible.
Beyond all this textual evidence lies our precedent. Con-
struing an earlier version of Title I in Cleveland v. Policy
Management Systems Corp., this Court explained that "[a]n
ADA plaintiff bears the burden of proving that she is a `qual-
ifed individual with a disability' -- that is, a person `who, with
or without reasonable accommodation, can perform the es-
sential functions' of her job." (1999) (quot-
ing 42 U. S. C. ). Accordingly, the Court con-
cluded, "a plaintiff's sworn assertion" that she is " `unable to
work' will appear to negate an essential element of her ADA
case." 526 U. S., at 806. In saying as much, the Court an-
ticipated the possibility that someone may fall outside the
protections of if she can " `no longer do the job.' "
 Cite as: (2025) 55

Opinion of the Court

Id., at 799; accord, Albertson's, Inc. v. Kirkingburg, (1999).1
B
Against this evidence of statutory meaning, Ms. Stanley
and the dissent offer several replies. They begin by sug-
gesting that we should interpret 's "qualifed indi-
vidual" requirement as imposing only a "conditional man-
date." Brief for Petitioner 28; post, at 87 -- 88 (opinion of
Jackson, J.). As Ms. Stanley and the dissent see it, if a
plaintiff claims discrimination with respect to a job she seeks
or holds, then she must show that she is able to perform that
job's essential functions. Brief for Petitioner 28. But if the
plaintiff neither holds nor desires a job, the argument goes,
then she must make no such showing. In that case, the
plaintiff is necessarily a "qualifed individual," because it is
impossible for someone to be unqualifed for a nonexistent
position. Id., at 40. Through this series of steps, we are
Page Proof Pending Publication
asked to conclude, every retiree is a "qualifed individual."
As easy as it may be to imagine a statute like the one Ms.
Stanley and the dissent outline, it bears scant resemblance
to the one Congress enacted. Title I might have said, for
example, that a qualifed individual is one who "can perform
the essential functions of the employment position, if any,
that such individual holds or desires." See Brief for Cham-
ber of Commerce of the United States of America as Amicus
Curiae 9. But nothing like that italicized language appears
in. And even supposing Ms. Stanley's conditional-
mandate theory were a textually permissible way to under-
stand the statute, we do not usually pick a conceivable-but-

1
After Cleveland, Congress amended the ADA so that it no longer
requires a plaintiff to show that she was a qualifed individual " `with a
disability' " at the time of the defendant's discrimination. ADA
Amendments Act of 2008, 122 Stat. 3557. But this
change in statutory directions does nothing to call into question Cleve-
land's insight that a plaintiff must plead and prove that she was a "quali-
fed individual" when the defendant's discrimination took place.
56 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

convoluted interpretation over the ordinary one. Wisconsin
Central Ltd. v. United States, (2018); cf.
Tr. of Oral Arg. 15 (Ms. Stanley acknowledging that her
reading may "not [be] the most intuitive" one).
Separately, Ms. Stanley attempts a surplusage argument.
Brief for Petitioner 32 -- 33, 46. She contends that our inter-
pretation of "qualifed individual" would render meaningless
part of (5)(A), which defnes discrimination to in-
clude the failure to reasonably accommodate "an otherwise
qualifed individual with a disability who is an applicant
or employee." (Emphasis added.) After all, Ms. Stanley
suggests, if every "qualifed individual" holds or desires a
job, then (5)(A)'s reference to "applicant or em-
ployee" performs no real work. To avoid that outcome, she
submits, the class of qualifed individuals must include
retirees.
Diffculties attend this argument as well. To start, our
Page Proof Pending Publication
reading of "qualifed individual" may still leave work for
"applicant or employee" to perform in (5)(A). It
might be, for example, that the phrase "applicant or em-
ployee" narrows the provision, so that it does not refer to a
"nonapplicant" who desires but does not apply for a job. Cf.
Davoll v. Webb, 194 F. 3d 1116, 1132 (CA10 1999); Daugherty
v. El Paso, 56 F. 3d 695, 699 (CA5 1995). But even if the
phrase "applicant or employee" is redundant, serving only
to underscore that (5)(A) extends beyond existing
employees to those seeking work, "[t]he canon against sur-
plusage is not an absolute rule." Marx v. General Revenue
Corp., (2013). And it certainly does not
require us to favor "an unusual meaning that will avoid sur-
plusage" over a more natural one. Scalia & Garner, Reading
Law, at 176.
Perhaps sensing that Title I's defnition of "qualifed indi-
vidual" goes against them, Ms. Stanley and the dissent next
effectively ask us to strike it from the statute. As they
point out, Title I allows "any person alleging discrimination
 Cite as: (2025) 57

Opinion of the Court

on the basis of disability" to sue.. And a plaintiff
may fle that suit whenever she "is affected by" discrimina-
tion. -- 5(e)(3)(A). Finally, such suits can challenge
discriminatory "compensation." ; see Brief for
Petitioner 21. Putting this all together, Ms. Stanley and the
dissent reason, this case checks all the boxes: Ms. Stanley
is a "person" suing about discriminatory "compensation" that
"affected" her during retirement. And that is all Title I re-
quires -- making "the `qualifed individual' language...
largely beside the point." Id., at 21; see post, at 95 -- 96 (opin-
ion of Jackson, J.).
This argument misapprehends the nature of Title I's pro-
tections. It may be that "retirement benefts are `compen-
sation' protected by the Act." Brief for Petitioner 21. No
one before us disputes that point. But does not
protect "compensation" as such. Instead, it bars employers
from "discriminat[ing] against a qualifed individual on the
basis of disability in regard to... compensation." (Empha-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sis added.) In other words, the statute protects people, not
benefts, from discrimination. And the statute also tells us
who those people are: qualifed individuals, those who hold
or seek a job at the time of the defendant's alleged discrimi-
nation.. So rather than resolve anything, this
argument takes us right back to where we started.2
Failing all else, Ms. Stanley and the dissent ask us to look
beyond text and precedent. Brief for Petitioner 29, 47; post,
at 92 -- 93 (opinion of Jackson, J.). Finding "pure textualism"
insuffciently pliable to secure the result they seek, they in-
voke the statute's "primary purpose" and "legislative his-

2
Seeking to downplay 's defnition of "qualifed individual" in
yet another way, the dissent suggests it does not "make any sense" to
think Congress used that "provision to moonlight as... a temporal re-
striction" on antidiscrimination protections. Post, at 90 -- 91 (opinion of
Jackson, J.). But 's express terms can hardly be so casually
dismissed. Their day job is to work together with to defne the
reach of Title I's protections.
58 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

tory." Post, at 75, 89 -- 90, 96. As they see it, the ADA's goal
of eradicating disability-based discrimination would be best
served by a decision extending Title I's protections beyond
those who hold or seek a job to retirees.
But this submission falters, too. For one thing, and as
this Court has "emphasized many times," what Congress
(possibly) expected matters much less than what it (cer-
tainly) enacted. Patel v. Garland, 
(2022). Nobody disputes the ADA's stated ambition to root
out "discrimination against individuals with disabilities."
(1). But it is "quite mistaken to assume... that
any interpretation of a law that does more to advance a stat-
ute's putative goal must be the law." Luna Perez v. Sturgis
Public Schools, (2023). "Legislation is, after all, the art of compro-
mise, the limitations expressed in statutory terms often the
price of passage, and no statute yet known pursues its stated
purpose at all costs." Henson v. Santander Consumer USA
Page Proof Pending Publication
Inc., (2017) (internal quotation marks and
brackets omitted). Accordingly, this Court has long recog-
nized that the "textual limitations upon a law's scope" must
be understood as "no less a part of its purpose than its sub-
stantive authorizations." Kucana v. Holder, (2010).
For another, we cannot say Title I's textual limitations
necessarily clash with the ADA's broader purposes. One
court of appeals, for example, has predicted that judicial in-
novations extending 's protections to retirees might
"create perverse incentives" by encouraging employers to
reduce retirement healthcare benefts for people with disabil-
ities. Morgan v. Joint Admin. Bd., Retirement Plan of
Pillsbury Co. and AFL-CIO-CLC, 268 F. 3d 456, 458 (CA7
2001). See how that dynamic might play out in this case.
The 24-month health-insurance beneft at issue here bridges
the typical gap between disability retirement and the start
of Medicare eligibility. Brief for Respondent 7 (2)(A)); see Becerra v. Empire Health Foun-
 Cite as: (2025) 59

Opinion of the Court

dation, for Valley Hospital Medical Center, (2022). Responding to a decision holding that 
addresses discrimination against retirees, the City might
simply delete any reference to disability from its retirement
policy to ensure that it contains no "disability-based distinc-
tion." Complaint ¶30. The result? Anyone who served
25 years would get subsidized health insurance. Everyone
else, regardless of disability, would get nothing. Cf. App.
42 -- 44.
Whether adopting Ms. Stanley's and the dissent's view of
the statute would encourage outcomes like that is anyone's
guess. But the possibility underscores why Congress's deci-
sion to limit the scope of Title I's antidiscrimination provi-
sion is not necessarily at war with the ADA's broader aims.
Nor, of course, do the law's present limitations preclude fu-
ture legislation from going further. If Congress wishes to
extend Title I to reach retirees like Ms. Stanley, it can. But
the decision whether to do so lies with that body, not this
Page Proof Pending Publication
one. See, e. g., National Pork Producers Council v. Ross,
(2023) (opinion of Gorsuch, J.).
For another thing yet, other avenues may exist for retirees
like Ms. Stanley to seek relief. As her own complaint sug-
gests (but the dissent neglects), a variety of other laws be-
sides Title I of the ADA may protect retirees from discrimi-
nation with respect to postemployment benefts. Complaint
¶1 (alleging claims under state law and the Rehabilitation
Act, and an equal protection claim under Rev. Stat.,
42 U. S. C. ); see also Brief for Local Government Legal
Center et al. as Amici Curiae 13 -- 14 (discussing state-law
remedies); Weyer v. Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp., 198
F. 3d 1104, 1112 (CA9 2000) (discussing other potential reme-
dies). As we discuss below, too, even Title I, with its "quali-
fed individual" limitation, may reach many claims involving
discrimination with respect to retirement benefts.3
3
In a fnal line of attack, the dissent criticizes us for "reach[ing] out" to
decide whether the ADA addresses discrimination against retirees who
neither hold nor desire a job. Post, at 98 -- 99 (opinion of Jackson, J.). But
60 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

III
We took this case to resolve a circuit split over whether a
retired employee who does not hold or seek a job is a "quali-
fed individual" under Title I. In her merits briefng, Ms.
Stanley invites us to address not just that question but an-
other one, too. Even if protects only those who
hold or seek a job when a challenged act of discrimination
occurs, she says, we should decide whether her complaint
satisfes that standard. The government, as amicus, joins
in this request. See Brief for United States as Amicus Cu-
riae 26 -- 28. Ordinarily, of course, this Court rejects at-
tempts to inject "an entirely new question at the merits
stage." Post, at 71 (Thomas, J., concurring in part and con-
curring in judgment). But we fnd it proftable to make an
exception in this case, for while taking up Ms. Stanley's addi-
tional question reveals some problems with her pleading, it
also highlights how Title I might provide relief for retirees
Page Proof Pending Publication
like her.
In addressing this additional question, we take as given
the Court's holding above that a plaintiff pursuing a claim
under must plead and prove that she held or
here is the truth of it. Ms. Stanley petitioned this Court for certiorari,
asking us to resolve a "long-running" circuit split concerning whether an
individual who "no longer holds or seeks to hold" a job may sue under the
Title I "for discrimination that harms her post-employment." Pet. for
Cert. 15. After we granted her petition, Ms. Stanley renewed her argu-
ment that she had suffered actionable postemployment discrimination.
Brief for Petitioner 24, 47. The City disagreed. Brief for Respondent
27 -- 36. There is nothing remarkable about this Court resolving that dis-
pute and the question presented. To be sure, after we granted review,
Ms. Stanley's merits briefs sought to inject an additional issue into the
case, now arguing that she also suffered discrimination "while she was
still employed." Post, at 66 (Thomas, J., concurring in part and concur-
ring in judgment). But to suggest that the case before us does not in-
volve a postemployment discrimination, and that the Court "reaches out"
to issue an " `advisory opinio[n]' " on the subject, ignores both why we took
this case and the arguments of the parties before us. Post, at 76, 84, 98 -- 
99 (opinion of Jackson, J.).
 Cite as: (2025) 61

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

sought a job when the defendant discriminated against her
on the basis of disability. We take as given, too, that unlaw-
ful discrimination can take place at any one of three points
in time: When a defendant "adopt[s]" a "discriminatory...
practice," when an individual "is affected by application of a
discriminatory... practice," or when she "becomes subject
to" such a practice. -- 5(e)(3)(A). With all that in
mind, we turn to consider whether Ms. Stanley's pleading
states a claim.
Start with the frst option. Unlawful discrimination oc-
curs "when a discriminatory compensation decision or other
practice is adopted." -- 5(e)(3)(A). Here, Ms. Stanley
alleges that happened in 2003, when the City revised its
health-insurance policy for employees who retire because of
disability. Complaint ¶¶ 20 -- 21. At that point, her allega-
tions show, she was a "qualifed individual," working as a
frefghter and able to perform the job's essential functions.
Page Proof Pending Publication
See id., ¶¶ 13 -- 15.
The trouble for Ms. Stanley is that does not pro-
hibit disability-based discrimination in the abstract. In-
stead, it bars an employer from "discriminat[ing] against a
qualifed individual on the basis of disability." (Emphasis
added.) " `Discriminate against' means treat worse," Muld-
row v. St. Louis, (2024), and "refers to
distinctions or differences in treatment that injure protected
individuals," Burlington N. & S. F. R. Co. v. White, (2006). And Ms. Stanley's complaint provides no basis
for inferring that the City's policy injured her in 2003. To
the contrary, her complaint suggests that, when the City frst
issued its policy, she was not disabled and still expected to
complete 25 years of service. See Complaint ¶ 15; see also
Brief for Appellant in No. 22 -- 10002 (CA11), p. 22, (Ms.
Stanley representing that she was "unaffected by" the City's
actions as of 2003). So the frst option is off the table for
Ms. Stanley. Even so, it may be available to others who hap-
pen to be retired at the time they sue, if they can plead and
62 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

prove they were both disabled and "qualifed" when their
employer adopted a discriminatory retirement-benefits
policy.4
Turn next to the second option. Unlawful discrimination
also occurs "when an individual is affected by application of
a discriminatory compensation decision or other practice."
-- 5(e)(3)(A). Ms. Stanley alleges that happened to
her in 2020, when her subsidized health insurance ran out.
Complaint ¶ 26; see also Brief for Petitioner 24 (Ms. Stanley
was " `affected by application of ' the policy" in "2020 when... she was denied the health care subsidy"); 83 F. 4th, at
1343. By then, however, she had been retired for two years,
could not satisfy the "requirements of " her job, and was not
seeking employment. Complaint ¶ 16. So this option, too,
cannot help Ms. Stanley. But, once more, it might help oth-
ers who can show that they were affected by a policy change
while they were "qualifed individuals," even if they happen
to be retired by the time they bring suit.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Now turn to the third option. Unlawful discrimination
takes place when "an individual becomes subject to a dis-
criminatory compensation decision or other practice. "
-- 5(e)(3)(A). This option might be especially promis-
ing for plaintiffs in Ms. Stanley's shoes. But, for reasons
that take a little unpacking, it cannot form a basis for revers-
ing the Eleventh Circuit's judgment in this particular case.

4
To be clear, not every Title I plaintiff must plead and prove she had
a disability when she suffered discrimination. As we have seen, 
in its present form prohibits discrimination "against a qualifed individual
on the basis of disability." (Emphasis added.) That provision does not
require a qualifed individual to be disabled. So, for instance, Title I de-
fnes discrimination "on the basis of disability" to include associational
discrimination -- that is, discriminating against a qualifed individual "be-
cause of the known disability of an individual with whom the qualifed
individual is known to have a relationship or association." (4).
In such cases, it does not matter whether the qualifed individual also
happened to have a disability. The diffculty for Ms. Stanley, however, is
that her complaint does not allege anything along those lines either.
 Cite as: (2025) 63

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

Recall that Ms. Stanley's complaint does not allege what
her disability is or when it emerged. As it happens, those
facts came out later, after the district court dismissed her
ADA claim, and after the parties proceeded to discovery and
summary judgment on the remaining counts of her com-
plaint. From this later-developed record, it appears that
Ms. Stanley was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2016.
83 F. 4th, at 1336.
The government argues that these later-developed facts
are suffcient to state a claim. After all, during the 2-year
period between her diagnosis in 2016 and her retirement in
2018, Ms. Stanley was both "an individual with a disability"
and a "qualifed individual" who "could still perform the es-
sential functions of her job." Brief for United States as
Amicus Curiae 26 -- 27. During that critical window, too, the
government submits, Ms. Stanley was "subject to" an "alleg-
edly discriminatory benefts policy" that reduced her future
Page Proof Pending Publication
retirement compensation. Id., at 26; see also Brief for Peti-
tioner 25 -- 26; post, at 79 -- 80 (Jackson, J., dissenting).
As promising as that theory may be, however, a number
of case-specifc problems prevent it from helping Ms. Stanley
here. For starters, because this dispute comes to us on a
motion to dismiss, we cannot look beyond the pleadings.
See Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 12(d). And her complaint says
nothing about the timing or nature of her diagnosis, nor does
it allege that she worked for any period of time with a dis-
ability. To be sure, a court might, with a little more, draw
a "plausible inference" that Ms. Stanley suffered discrimina-
tion between 2016 and 2018. See Ashcroft v. Iqbal, (2009). So, for instance, if she had alleged that she
developed Parkinson's disease before 2018, or that she
worked for any period with some disability, then her case
could likely proceed. But the complaint before us does not
contain any of those facts.
Even assuming we could overcome that problem, we would
only face another. The Eleventh Circuit held that Ms. Stan-
64 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of Gorsuch, J.

ley had affrmatively disavowed the government's theory.
For support, the court pointed to Ms. Stanley's representa-
tion in her brief below that she did "not claim she was im-
pacted by the discriminatory" City policy "during her em-
ployment." Brief for Appellant in No. 22 -- 10002, at 22. To
be sure, at oral argument Ms. Stanley told the court of ap-
peals otherwise. Recording of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 10002
(CA11, Aug. 24, 2023), at 2:45 -- 2:58. And she attempted to
adopt an amicus brief the government submitted to the
Eleventh Circuit, advancing a theory much like the one it
presses here. See Brief for United States as Amicus Cu-
riae in No. 22 -- 10002 (CA11), pp. 11 -- 12. But applying its
own rules of argument preservation, the Eleventh Circuit
declined to pass on the government's theory because Ms.
Stanley had not presented it to the district court and had
"specifcally disclaimed" it in her "own brief " on appeal. 83
F. 4th, at 1344.5
Complicating matters further yet, Ms. Stanley has not ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pressly asked us to address the Eleventh Circuit's preserva-
tion rules. Nor has she asked us to reconsider our own gen-
eral practice of allowing the courts of appeals to determine
for themselves what arguments they deem properly before
them. See, e. g., Exxon Shipping Co. v. Baker, (2008); Singleton v. Wulff, (1976); cf.
Retirement Plans Comm. of IBM v. Jander, -- 
53 (2020) (Kagan, J., concurring) ("[T]he Court of Appeals
may of course determine that under its usual rules of waiver
or forfeiture, it will not consider those arguments"). So
even if Ms. Stanley's complaint contained suffcient facts to
5
While Ms. Stanley disclaimed being "impacted" by the City's policy
during her employment, Justice Jackson believes that Ms. Stanley some-
how still preserved the government's theory that she was "subject to"
discrimination before she retired. Post, at 80 -- 81. The Eleventh Circuit,
however, did not see it that way. Nor does the dissent explain how, con-
sistent with Article III, an individual can challenge a policy that she is
"subject to" but that does not injure (or "impact") her. See Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae 25, (acknowledging the injury
requirement).
 Cite as: (2025) 65

Opinion of the Court

sustain the theory the government now advances, and even
if she had preserved that theory below, we would still face
serious obstacles to reaching it.
In saying as much, we stress that nothing we say today
prevents future plaintiffs -- or perhaps even Ms. Stanley her-
self in a future proceeding -- from pursuing a theory along
the lines the government proposes. It is simply that the
theory cannot help Ms. Stanley in the present posture of
this case.6
*
To sum up, we hold that, to prevail under, a
plaintiff must plead and prove that she held or desired a job,
and could perform its essential functions with or without rea-
sonable accommodation, at the time of an employer's alleged
act of disability-based discrimination. A variety of suits in-
volving retirement benefts might well proceed under that
rule. But, given how this particular case comes to us, we
Page Proof Pending Publication
cannot say that the court of appeals erred in upholding the
dismissal of Ms. Stanley's complaint. The judgment of the
Eleventh Circuit is affrmed.
It is so ordered.

6
One Member of the Court suggests that the government's theory can
save Ms. Stanley's complaint because it "supplies the answer" to this
case. Post, at 79 (Jackson, J., dissenting). But to proceed as Justice
Jackson suggests, we would have to abandon our precedents generally
entrusting questions of issue and argument preservation to the courts of
appeals. We would have to overrule the Eleventh Circuit's waiver ruling
without an express invitation to do so. See post, at 75 (Sotomayor,
J., concurring in part and dissenting in part). And we would have to fault
the Eleventh Circuit for failing to consider facts outside the pleading
before it. All to address a question that no court passed on below and
that we did not take this case to resolve. The dissent may be willing
to blow past all those complications to reach its chosen destination. But
we do not see how we might. Indeed, we have already gone out of our
way -- too far, some of our colleagues would say, see post, at 71 -- 73 (opin-
ion of Thomas, J.) -- to address Ms. Stanley's late-raised argument in
order to help future plaintiffs understand how they might avoid her
missteps.
66 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of Thomas, J.

Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Barrett joins,
concurring in part and concurring in the judgment.
I join Parts I and II of the Court's opinion. I write sepa-
rately to express my concern with the increasingly common
practice of litigants urging this Court to grant certiorari to
resolve one question, and then, after we do so, pivoting to an
entirely different question. This case exemplifes the prob-
lem. We granted review to resolve a Circuit split regarding
whether the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) permits
suits by former employees who are no longer able to perform
the essential functions of their jobs at the time of the alleged
discrimination. For the frst time at the merits stage, peti-
tioner Karyn Stanley urged us to decide a different question:
whether Stanley could sue based on discrimination that oc-
curred while she was still employed and able to work. But,
that theory of liability was not passed upon below because
the Eleventh Circuit determined that Stanley had disavowed
Page Proof Pending Publication
it, and Stanley did not seek review of the Eleventh Circuit's
issue-preservation ruling. We ordinarily respect a lower
court's application of its own preservation rules. I therefore
would not opine on the additional question that Stanley
raised for the frst time in earnest at the merits stage.

I
The ADA prohibits employers from discriminating
"against a qualifed individual on the basis of disability in
regard to [the] terms, conditions, and privileges of employ-
ment." 42 U. S. C.. The statute defnes a " `qual-
ifed individual' " as someone who, "with or without reason-
able accommodation, can perform the essential functions of
the employment position that such individual holds or de-
sires.".
Stanley began working as a frefghter for the city of San-
ford, Florida (City), in 1999. In 2016, Stanley was diagnosed
with Parkinson's disease. And, in 2018, after 19 years of
 Cite as: (2025) 67

Opinion of Thomas, J.

service, that "disability forced her to retire" early. Com-
plaint in No. 6:20 -- cv -- 00629 (MD Fla.), ECF Doc. 1, p. 3, ¶ 16.
When she retired, Stanley expected to continue receiving the
City's health insurance subsidy until she turned 65. At the
time of her hiring, the City's policy had been to pay a subsidy
until age 65 to employees who retired after 25 years of
service, as well as to employees who retired early because
of disability. But, unbeknownst to Stanley, the City had
changed its policy in 2003. Starting in 2003, the City paid
the full subsidy for retirees with 25 years of service, but for
those who retired earlier due to disability, it provided the
subsidy for a maximum of 24 months.
Stanley sued the City, alleging discrimination under the
ADA. The District Court understood Stanley to have al-
leged harm caused by discrimination that occurred after her
retirement. App. to Pet. for Cert. 24a -- 25a. In ruling on
the City's motion to dismiss, the District Court explained
Page Proof Pending Publication
that to recover under the ADA, an individual must be a
"qualifed individual" at the time of the alleged discrimina-
tion. Id., at 24a. The District Court determined that Stan-
ley was not a "qualifed individual" after her retirement be-
cause she was not someone who could, "with or without
reasonable accommodation," "perform the essential functions
of the employment position that such individual holds or de-
sires." ; see id., at 26a. Accordingly, the District
Court dismissed her claim. The Eleventh Circuit affrmed,
reasoning that the ADA "does not protect people who nei-
ther held nor desired a job with the defendant at the time of
discrimination." 83 F. 4th 1333, 1341 (2023).
In her petition for a writ of certiorari before this Court,
Stanley asked us to resolve an "important and recurring
question": whether an individual who no longer " `holds or
desires' " his job may sue under Title I of the ADA for dis-
crimination with respect to the " `post-employment distribu-
tion of fringe benefts.' " Pet. for Cert. 1. In other words,
68 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of Thomas, J.

Stanley asked us to decide whether former employees who
suffer postemployment discrimination can sue under the
ADA. Id., at 15.
Stanley mentioned over two dozen times in her petition
that this question has divided the courts of appeals. In two
Circuits, Stanley explained, a plaintiff need not be a "quali-
fed individual" -- that is, someone who "holds or desires" the
employment position at issue -- at the time of the alleged dis-
crimination. Id., at 16 -- 18;. In four other Cir-
cuits, however, a plaintiff "must be a qualifed individual at
the time that one is discriminated against to have the right
to sue under the ADA." Id., at 18 -- 20. Stanley emphasized that this Circuit split
was "dispositive" in her case, as her suit was "stymied by the
Eleventh Circuit's determination that she wasn't a `qualifed
individual' at the time of the discrimination." Id., at 3 (em-
phasis added). Stanley described the Circuit split as " `in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tractable,' " "deep," "well-recognized," and "persistent."
Id., at 15, 21. She also conveyed a sense of urgency, tell-
ing us that the Circuit split is "growing," and unlikely to be
resolved without "this Court's intervention." Id., at 21.
Stanley's emphasis on the Circuit split was understand-
able, as it is no secret that Circuit splits get our attention.
See this Court's Rule 10(a) (conveying that one of our leading
considerations in deciding whether to grant certiorari is
whether "a United States court of appeals has entered a deci-
sion" that conficts with "the decision of another United
States court of appeals"); see also S. Shapiro, K. Geller, T.
Bishop, E. Hartnett, & D. Himmelfarb, Supreme Court Prac-
tice.4, p. 4 -- 11 (11th ed. 2019) ("The Supreme Court often... will grant certiorari where the decision of a federal court
of appeals... is in direct confict with a decision of another
court of appeals on the same matter of federal law" (empha-
sis deleted)).
Stanley also emphasized in her petition that the question
dividing the courts of appeals is one of "obvious importance."
 Cite as: (2025) 69

Opinion of Thomas, J.

Pet. for Cert. 33. She conveyed that "[t]he circuit split mat-
ters for the forty-four million Americans with disabilities
whose rights under the ADA, until the split is resolved, may
depend on their employers' zip codes." Id., at 30. "[T]he
persistence of the circuit split," she told us, "means that dis-
abled former employees only in certain parts of the country
can vindicate their rights under the ADA." Id., at 30 -- 31.
Stanley further assured us that this case would be a good
one for resolving the Circuit split. She told us that her case
"cleanly tees the issue up for this Court's resolution as a pure
question of law with no relevant factual disputes." Id., at 3.
She reiterated that point in her reply brief at the certiorari
stage, telling us that "[t]his case is a clean vehicle with no
impediments" to settling the Circuit confict once and for all.
Reply to Brief in Opposition 6.
We granted certiorari, adopting the question presented as
framed by Stanley.1 (2024). I understood us
to have taken the case to resolve the question that the "cir-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cuits are split over" -- that is, whether the ADA permits suits
by former employees who no longer hold or desire their job
at the time the defendant engages in a discriminatory act.
Pet. for Cert. 15 (boldface deleted);. The Elev-
enth Circuit's position on that question was the basis for its
ruling against Stanley below, see 83 F. 4th, at 1341, and Stan-
ley had asked us to take this case to resolve precisely that
question.
But, something changed after this Court granted certio-
rari. In her opening brief on the merits, Stanley told us
that we "need not even reach the court of appeals' erroneous
holding that the [ADA] only prohibits discrimination against
people who currently `hol[d] or desir[e]' a job." Brief for

1
The question presented reads in full: "Under the Americans with Disa-
bilities Act, does a former employee -- who was qualifed to perform her
job and who earned post-employment benefts while employed -- lose her
right to sue over discrimination with respect to those benefts solely be-
cause she no longer holds her job?" Pet. for Cert. i.
70 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of Thomas, J.

Petitioner 17. In other words, according to Stanley, we
need not resolve the issue that the District Court and the
Eleventh Circuit had decided. Instead, Stanley urged, we
should decide a materially different question: whether Stan-
ley could base her ADA claim on discrimination that alleg-
edly occurred while she was still employed by the City.
Specifcally, Stanley contends that she suffered discrimina-
tion at some point after she was diagnosed with Parkinson's
disease in 2016 but before she retired in 2018. Because
Stanley held and desired to hold her job during this period,
all agree that she was a " `qualifed individual' " for at least
some portion of that time..
The Eleventh Circuit did not opine on the merits of this
theory because it determined that Stanley had expressly dis-
avowed it in her brief before that court. 83 F. 4th, at 1344
(explaining that Stanley "affrmatively conceded" in her ini-
tial brief that she did not suffer discrimination at any point
" `during her employment' "). The court acknowledged that
Page Proof Pending Publication
Stanley had attempted to raise this theory at oral argument.
Id., at 1343. And, the court acknowledged that the United
States had raised this theory in its brief as amicus curiae,
and that Stanley had attempted to adopt that amicus argu-
ment. Id., at 1344. But, applying its issue-preservation
rules, the Eleventh Circuit determined that Stanley had not
properly presented this alternative theory. Id., at 1343 -- 
1344.
For the frst time in her opening merits brief before this
Court, Stanley asked us to reconsider the Eleventh Circuit's
application of its rules. She argued that "[n]othing supports
the assertion" that she conceded her alternative theory
below. Brief for Petitioner 24. In her view, she "repeat-
edly argued" in her Eleventh Circuit brief that she suffered
discrimination while employed by the City. Id., at 24 -- 25.2
2
Appearing as amicus curiae in support of Stanley, the United States
endorsed Stanley's new approach to this case. Brief for United States as
Amicus Curiae 26 -- 28. Like Stanley, the United States took issue with
 Cite as: (2025) 71

Opinion of Thomas, J.

As I see it, Stanley's conduct amounts to a bait-and-switch.
She urged this Court to grant certiorari to resolve a Circuit
split on one specifc legal question. After we agreed to re-
solve that question, she redirected us to a materially differ-
ent question. Ante, at 60 (plurality opinion) (acknowledging
that "[w]e took this case to resolve a circuit split," but Stan-
ley invites us to address "another" question).

II
I do not join Part III of the Court's opinion because I
would not opine on the merits of a new theory that Stanley
did not develop at the certiorari stage.
Redirecting this Court's focus to an entirely new question
at the merits stage is diffcult to square with this Court's
Rules. Our Rule 14.1 requires a petitioner to set forth the
questions it would like this Court to decide in the petition
for a writ of certiorari. "Only the questions set out in the
Page Proof Pending Publication
petition, or fairly included therein, will be considered by the
Court." Rule 14.1(a). Thus, our rules prevent us from
reaching any question that is not " `fairly included' " in the
question presented. Izumi Seimitsu Kogyo Kabushiki
Kaisha v. U. S. Philips Corp., (1993) (per
curiam).3
Redirecting our focus to a different question is also highly
disruptive to our deliberative process, as it often leads to a

the Eleventh Circuit's conclusion that Stanley had " `disclaimed' " her al-
ternative theory of liability below. Id., at 27. And, like Stanley, the
United States urged us to focus on Stanley's new theory of liability, rather
than the one the Eleventh Circuit addressed. Id., at 28 -- 29.
3
To be sure, when read in isolation, the question presented on page i of
Stanley's petition might be read to include the question whether Stanley
could base an ADA claim on discrimination that allegedly occurred while
she was still employed. But, when read in the context of the petition as
a whole, it is clear that Stanley was asking us to resolve the Circuit split
she repeatedly identifed: whether an employee who is no longer a "quali-
fed individual" under the ADA may sue for "discrimination that harms
her post-employment." Pet. for Cert. 15.
72 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of Thomas, J.

lack of adversarial briefng. We take seriously the need for
adversarial briefng. For example, when no party defends
the judgment below, we ordinarily appoint counsel to offer
argument and briefng in support of that judgment. E. g.,
Martin v. United States, (2025). The absence
of briefng on the legal issue before us may complicate or
even thwart our efforts to resolve it. See, e. g., City and
County of San Francisco v. Sheehan, 
(2015) (dismissing a question presented as improvidently
granted in part due to a lack of "adversarial briefng").
Moreover, redirecting our focus to a different question has
the effect of undermining this Court's efforts to manage its
merits docket. We receive thousands of petitions each year,
and the vast majority of those petitions raise issues of deep
importance to the parties involved in those cases. "To use
our resources most effciently," we must confne our review
to "those cases that will enable us to resolve particularly
Page Proof Pending Publication
important questions." Yee v. Escondido, 
(1992); accord, U. S. Philips Corp., 510 U. S., at 33. If we
were "to entertain questions not presented in the petition
for certiorari, much of this effciency would vanish, as parties
who feared an inability to prevail on the question presented
would be encouraged to fll their limited briefng space and
argument time with discussion of issues other than the one
on which certiorari was granted." Yee, 503 U. S., at 536.
We have reached issues outside the question presented
" `only in the most exceptional cases,' " when required by con-
siderations of "urgency" or "economy." Id., at 535. I do
not object to going beyond the question presented in such
circumstances. But, there is nothing exceptional about
Stanley's case. To start, had she been more transparent at
the certiorari stage, I doubt this Court would have granted
review of her alternative question. See this Court's Rule
10. Stanley's new theory of liability is that she can base her
ADA claim on discrimination that allegedly occurred while
she was still employed by the City. To address that theory,
 Cite as: (2025) 73

Opinion of Thomas, J.

however, we would frst need to decide whether the Eleventh
Circuit erroneously applied its own issue-preservation rules
and erred in concluding that Stanley had disclaimed this the-
ory below. Stanley did not petition for review of the Elev-
enth Circuit's issue-preservation determination. And, I
doubt that we would have agreed to review the factbound
application of uncontested Eleventh Circuit precedents. "A
petition for a writ of certiorari is rarely granted when the
asserted error consists of erroneous factual fndings or the
misapplication of a properly stated rule of law." Ibid.
Even if this Court were willing to bypass the Eleventh
Circuit's issue-preservation determination, it is unlikely that
we would have agreed to opine on the merits of Stanley's
alternative theory in the frst instance. Neither the District
Court nor the Eleventh Circuit passed on whether Stanley
could base her claim on events that occurred while she was
still employed. That no court has decided this question is
reason enough for us to decline to do so. We are "a court of
Page Proof Pending Publication
review, not of frst view." Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005). We thus ordinarily wait to see if "the
crucible of adversarial testing..., along with the experience
of our thoughtful colleagues on the district and circuit
benches, [can] yield insights (or reveal pitfalls) we cannot
muster guided only by our own lights." Maslenjak v.
United States, (2017) (Gorsuch, J., concur-
ring in part and concurring in judgment).
In all events, our usual practice is to respect and leave
undisturbed a lower court's issue-preservation determination
when that determination is not itself under review. Single-
ton v. Wulff, (1976). I see no reason to
depart from that practice here.

* * *
Stanley asked this Court to grant certiorari to resolve a
discrete Circuit split. After we agreed to do so, she asked
us to resolve an entirely different legal question. I do not
74 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of Sotomayor, J.

fnd it "proftable" to reward Stanley's bait-and-switch in
these circumstances. Ante, at 60 (plurality opinion).
I encourage litigants before this Court to remain focused
on the questions presented in the petition for a writ of certio-
rari -- and only those questions -- after this Court grants cer-
tiorari. Redirecting us to a different legal question at the
merits stage can be disruptive, ineffcient, and unfair to all
involved. Of course, Stanley is not the frst litigant to resist
the question presented before this Court. I hope, however,
that this Court and future parties will take seriously the
obligation to adhere to the question presented.

Justice Sotomayor, concurring in part and dissenting in
part.
I join Parts III and IV, except footnote 12, of the dissent
because, in my view, Title I's prohibition on disability dis-
crimination does not cease the day an employee retires. As
Page Proof Pending Publication
Justice Jackson explains, when an employer makes a dis-
criminatory change in postemployment benefts that a re-
tiree earned while qualifed and employed, the employer dis-
criminates against the person in her capacity as a qualifed
individual. See post, at 95 -- 96; Brief for United States as
Amicus Curiae 29 -- 32. Because the Court eschews that
common-sense understanding of the statutory text, I also re-
spectfully dissent in part.
Notwithstanding the Court's error on that question, at
least fve Justices (four in the plurality and Justice Jackson
in dissent) agree that plaintiffs in Lt. Stanley's shoes can
plead disability discrimination if they were " `subject to a
discriminatory compensation decision or other practice' "
while a qualifed individual within the majority's understand-
ing of that term. See ante, at 62 (plurality opinion); see post,
at 79 -- 80, and (Jackson, J., dissenting) (explaining that
Stanley and those in her " `shoes' " could recover because,
"[b]efore retiring, Lt. Stanley had a disability, was a qualifed
individual who performed the essential functions of her job
 Cite as: (2025) 75

Jackson, J., dissenting

despite that disability, and was subjected to an allegedly dis-
criminatory policy based on her disability"). That remains
true even if the employee does not fle her lawsuit until after
she retires, as long as she was subject to a discriminatory
policy while both disabled and a qualifed individual. See
Brief for Respondent 30 (agreeing that a former employee
need not be a " `qualifed individual' at the time of the
lawsuit").
There is good reason to think that Stanley herself was sub-
ject to the allegedly discriminatory policy at issue here while
she was both disabled and employed. See ante, at 63 (plu-
rality opinion); post, at 79 -- 80 (Jackson, J., dissenting). Yet
I ultimately agree with the plurality that this theory "cannot
form a basis for reversing the Eleventh Circuit's judgment in
this particular case," ante, at 62, especially because Stanley
herself did not ask this Court to review the Eleventh Cir-
cuit's holding that she had forfeited this theory before that
court, ante, at 64 -- 65 (plurality opinion). Because Part III
Page Proof Pending Publication
nevertheless makes clear that Title I may well provide relief
for retirees like Stanley, I join that portion of Justice Gor-
such's opinion.

Justice Jackson, with whom Justice Sotomayor joins
as to Parts III and IV, except for footnote 12, dissenting.
Retirement benefts are essential building blocks of the
American Dream. Workers typically earn these benefts on
the job and reap the rewards after leaving the workforce.
Congress has long understood that, by enabling workers to
retire with dignity, independence, and security, retirement
benefts are a critical aspect of job-related compensation.
Thus, no one seriously disputes that the Americans with Dis-
abilities Act of 1990 (ADA), 104 Stat. 327, 42 U. S. C. 
et seq., prohibits disability discrimination with respect to re-
tirement benefts. Unfortunately, however, by viewing this
case through the distorted lens of pure textualism, the Court
misperceives those protections today.
76 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

As I understand today's holding, the Court has decided
that if a worker who has earned retirement benefts leaves
the workforce (as expected) and is then discriminated
against with respect to the provision of those earned benefts
because she is disabled, Title I offers no protection. To get
to this counterintuitive conclusion, the Court relies on Title
I's "qualifed individual" defnition -- a provision designed to
protect employers from having to employ those who cannot
do the work, not to cut off the rights of those who already
fnished it. Making matters worse, the Court has to extend
itself to reach this stingy outcome, because the case before
us does not present a scenario involving discrimination that
took place only postemployment.
In short, the Court overlooks both the actual facts pre-
sented in this case and the clear design of the ADA to render
a ruling that plainly counteracts what Congress meant to -- 
and did -- accomplish. I respectfully dissent.

Page Proof Pending
I Publication
Congress passed and President George H. W. Bush
signed the ADA into law 35 years ago. This landmark legis-
lation's overarching aim was "to assure equality of opportu-
nity, full participation, independent living, and economic self-
suffciency" for the millions of Americans with disabilities.
(7). Thus, Congress designed the ADA as a
"comprehensive national mandate for the elimination of "
disability discrimination that would "provide clear, strong,
consistent, enforceable standards addressing discrimination"
against disabled Americans. (1), (2).
Title I of the ADA prohibits disability discrimination in
the employment context. It protects against disability dis-
crimination with respect to the provision of, among other
things, "fringe benefts," "employee compensation," and
"other terms, conditions, and privileges of employment.", (b)(2). Section 12112(a) sets forth Title I's gen-
eral prohibition, which states: "No covered entity shall dis-
criminate against a qualifed individual on the basis of dis-
 Cite as: (2025) 77

Jackson, J., dissenting

ability in regard to job application procedures, the hiring,
advancement, or discharge of employees, employee compen-
sation, job training, and other terms, conditions, and privi-
leges of employment." Section 12112(b) then provides spe-
cifc examples of discrimination that Title I prohibits.
As the ADA made its way through Congress, employers
worried that the bill would require them to hire and retain
individuals who -- even with reasonable accommodations -- 
could not satisfy a job's demands. Title I's qualified-
individual provision was Congress's response to that con-
cern. See H. R. Rep. No. 101 -- 485, pt. 2, p. 55 (1990).
Borrowing similar language from of the Rehabilitation
Act of 1973, 87 Stat. 394, 29 U. S. C., Congress inserted
the "qualifed individual" phrase into Title I's general prohi-
bition, and it elsewhere defned a "qualifed individual" as
one "who, with or without reasonable accommodation, can
perform the essential functions of the employment position
that such individual holds or desires.". The
Page Proof Pending Publication
point of inserting this defnition and relying on it in the ADA
was simply and solely "to reaffrm that [Title I] does not
undermine an employer's ability to choose and maintain qual-
ifed workers." H. R. Rep. No. 101 -- 485, pt. 2, at 55.
Today, however, the Court takes Title I's qualified-
individual defnition out of context and assigns it an addi-
tional function: to act as a strict temporal limit on the reach
of Title I's protections. That is, the Court reads the
qualifed-individual provision to mean that only those who
hold or desire a job when alleged discrimination occurs can
claim Title I's protection. See ante, at 65. It is on that
ground that the Court concludes that Lt. Karyn Stanley -- a
now-retired frefghter suffering from Parkinson's disease -- 
cannot make out a Title I claim against her former employer
for (assumed) disability discrimination relating to retirement
benefts that she earned in the line of duty.
In my view, for the reasons explained below, the Court is
wrong twice over. It should not have used this case to make
any pronouncements about the viability of a Title I discrimi-
78 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

nation claim that arises after an employee retires. And it
misreads Title I to introduce a time-related limitation that
appears nowhere in the statute Congress wrote.

II
A
Because this case arises from a Federal Rule of Civil Pro-
cedure 12(b)(6) dismissal of Lt. Stanley's complaint, we are
required to "accept as true all the factual allegations in h[er]
complaint." Manuel v. Joliet, (2017).
We must also assess Lt. Stanley's complaint "as a whole,"
credit all "plausibl[e]" allegations, and "draw reasonable in-
ferences" in her favor. National Rife Association of
America v. Vullo, (2024).
Like the majority, I will start by assuming that what Lt.
Stanley alleges to be discriminatory conduct by the city of
Sanford, Florida (City), in fact violated the ADA. Ante, at
Page Proof Pending Publication
52. Doing so, what follows are the facts.
Lt. Stanley was employed as a frefghter by the Sanford
Fire Rescue Department for just shy of two decades. Com-
plaint in No. 6:20 -- cv -- 00629 (MD Fla.), ECF Doc. 1, p. 2, ¶ 4.
She started in 1999 and was promoted to Lieutenant in 2005.
Id., at 3, ¶¶ 13 -- 15. Lt. Stanley remained continuously em-
ployed in that position until November 2018, when she was
forced to take disability retirement due to her physical dis-
ability. Ibid., ¶ 16.1
Notably, while Lt. Stanley was still employed, the City
changed its disability-retirement policy. At the time Lt.
Stanley was hired, the City's policy was to pay for disabled
retirees' health insurance until retirees turned 65 years old.
Id., at 4, ¶ 19. In 2003, the City changed that policy to offer

1
Although not alleged in Lt. Stanley's complaint, the summary-
judgment record on her non-ADA claims refects that she was diag-
nosed with Parkinson's disease in 2016. See 83 F. 4th 1333, 1336 (CA11
2023).
 Cite as: (2025) 79

Jackson, J., dissenting

a maximum of 24 months of healthcare coverage for disabled
retirees. Ibid., ¶ 20. This change meant that Lt. Stanley
was subject to the new policy from 2003 onward, including
the period from when she became disabled (while she was
still employed) until she retired. Ibid.
Lt. Stanley's complaint alleges that the City's "taking
away" of the prior disability-insurance policy denied disabled
retirees like her "equal access to health insurance." Id., at
8, ¶ 37. She further alleges that the new 24-month coverage
policy violates the ADA in and of itself. Ibid. All agree
that, under the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, 123 Stat. 5, an
unlawful employment practice occurs when a plaintiff "be-
comes subject to a discriminatory compensation decision or
other practice." 42 U. S. C. -- 5(e)(3)(A).2
Based on the facts Lt. Stanley alleges, the Fair Pay Act
framework supplies the answer to the question presented in
this case.3 Before retiring, Lt. Stanley had a disability, was
a qualifed individual who performed the essential functions
Page Proof Pending Publication
of her job despite that disability, and was subject to an alleg-
edly discriminatory policy based on her disability, insofar as
the City changed its retirement-benefts package in a manner
that disadvantaged disabled retirees. See Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 26 -- 27. Thus, it made no sense for
the City to argue for dismissal of Lt. Stanley's ADA claim
(as it did) on the ground that she was not a qualifed individ-
ual at the relevant time.
On the facts as alleged in her complaint, the City subjected
Lt. Stanley to the discriminatory policy during her employ-
2
"[A]n unlawful employment practice" also occurs under the Fair Pay
Act "when a discriminatory compensation decision or other practice is
adopted" or "when an individual is affected" by it. 42 U. S. C. -- 
5(e)(3)(A).
3
That question is: "Under the [ADA], does a former employee -- who was
qualifed to perform her job and who earned post-employment benefts
while employed -- lose her right to sue over discrimination with respect
to those benefts solely because she no longer holds her job? " Pet. for
Cert. i.
80 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

ment, not only after she retired.4 So, Lt. Stanley was per-
forming the essential functions of her job at the preretire-
ment point at which she became disabled and was subjected
to the new policy. This made her a qualifed individual, not-
withstanding the City's counterfactual contention.

B
1
The Court has decided not to resolve this case on that
straightforward ground. A plurality of the Court says, in-
stead, that "case-specifc problems prevent [those facts] from
helping [Lt.] Stanley here." Ante, at 63. Even setting
aside the plurality's failure to accept Lt. Stanley's plausible
factual allegations and to draw reasonable inferences in her
favor, I disagree with its analysis of the "case-specifc prob-
lems." In my view, none of the plurality's concerns pre-
cludes this Court from resolving this case based on the
Page Proof Pending Publication
factual allegations in Lt. Stanley's complaint.
First, the plurality says Lt. Stanley's complaint does not
allege her diagnosis, its timing, and whether she had the dis-
ability while she was still working. See ibid. But her com-
plaint tells us that she had a disability and eventually had to
retire because of it. This is enough to draw a "plausible
inference" that she worked with a disability and was thus
subject to the discriminatory policy some time before retir-
ing. Ashcroft v. Iqbal, (2009).
Second, the plurality claims that, in the proceedings below,
Lt. Stanley "affrmatively disavowed" the argument that she
was discriminated against while still working. Ante, at 64.
Not so. All she said was that she did " `not claim she was
impacted by the discriminatory' City policy `during her em-

4
Accordingly, I agree fully with the plurality's conclusion that -- 
5(e)(3)(A) "might be especially promising for plaintiffs in [Lt.] Stanley's
shoes." Ante, at 62.
 Cite as: (2025) 81

Jackson, J., dissenting

ployment.' " Ibid., p. 22; emphasis added). But whether some-
one was impacted (affected) by a policy is distinct from
whether they were subject to it. See -- 5(e)(3)(A).
Third, the plurality contends that, in "applying its own
rules of argument preservation, the Eleventh Circuit de-
clined to pass" on Lt. Stanley's "theory" that she was dis-
criminated against during her employment, and that this
Court did not grant certiorari to decide whether that assess-
ment was correct. Ante, at 64 -- 65. But Lt. Stanley's "the-
ory" was merely a response to the City's argument that her
complaint failed to state a claim. Moreover, the allegation
that the relevant discriminatory act took place while she was
still on the job tees up the question we did grant certiorari
to address: "Under the [ADA], does a former employee -- who
was qualifed to perform her job and who earned post-
employment benefts while employed -- lose her right to sue
over discrimination with respect to those benefts solely be-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cause she no longer holds her job?" Pet. for Cert. i (empha-
sis added). Lt. Stanley maintains that she states a claim for
discrimination under the ADA with respect to retirement
benefts she earned while working despite the fact that she
no longer holds the job. The question presented neither
states nor suggests that the employer's act of discrimination
took place only after Stanley retired.5 And, to the extent
such timing is even relevant, answering the question Lt.
Stanley actually presented in light of her contention that the
5
Indeed, as quoted, the actual question presented asks whether Lt.
Stanley "lose[s] her right to sue over discrimination with respect to [re-
tirement] benefts solely because she no longer holds her job." Pet. for
Cert. i. But, no matter, says the majority; from the
outset, it chooses to answer an entirely different query: "whether a retired
employee who does not hold or seek a job is a `qualifed individual.' "
Ante, at 49. That shift is telling. Even as the majority extols the virtues
of textualism, it has completely rewritten the text of the question that
Stanley actually presented, presumably to reach its desired result.
82 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

discrimination occurred while she was still working is the
only framing that is actually consistent with the facts alleged
in Lt. Stanley's complaint.
2
What is more, "[o]ur traditional rule is that `[o]nce a fed-
eral claim is properly presented, a party can make any argu-
ment in support of that claim; parties are not limited to the
precise arguments they made below.' " Lebron v. National
Railroad Passenger Corporation, (1995)
; second
alteration in original). And, here, nobody disputes that Lt.
Stanley preserved the claim that the City discriminated
against her in violation of the ADA by changing her retire-
ment benefts. Lt. Stanley's contention that she was subject
to the allegedly discriminatory policy while she was still an
employee "is -- at most -- `a new argument to support what
has been [her] consistent claim.' " Citizens United v. Fed-
Page Proof Pending Publication
eral Election Comm'n, (2010).
If the traditional rule applies anywhere, it should be in a
case of this nature. This claim was brought by a disabled
frefghter suffering from Parkinson's who has consistently
maintained that the City's change to its retirement-benefts
policy (implemented while she was an employee) discrimi-
nates against disabled benefciaries. If we extend leniency
to professional advocacy organizations when they craft alle-
gations, see, e. g., Citizens United, 558 U. S., at 331, it seems
only fair to extend that same grace to those with limited
resources to game out long-term litigation strategies.6
6
Only time will tell whether the Court is as eager to apply today's strin-
gent argument-preservation approach to major corporations and profes-
sional advocacy organizations as it is to use this line of reasoning to dis-
miss the claims of a retired frefghter suffering from Parkinson's. Cf.
Diamond Alternative Energy, LLC v. EPA, (2025)
(Jackson, J., dissenting).
 Cite as: (2025) 83

Jackson, J., dissenting

Moreover, it bears noting that this case comes to us on
review of a complaint, which need only plead facts suffcient
to support a claim, not comprehensive legal theories. See
Skinner v. Switzer, (2011). If we were
reviewing a summary judgment or trial record developed on
Lt. Stanley's district-court legal theories, the plurality might
have a point. But, at the pleading stage, a legal claim rises
or falls based on the facts -- not theories -- alleged.
If all that were not enough, the case record here estab-
lishes that Lt. Stanley tried below to make the point that
the discriminatory act she was complaining of occurred dur-
ing her employment, once the City made timing an issue.
For instance, Lt. Stanley's opening brief to the Eleventh Cir-
cuit incorporated the Government's amicus brief, which ar-
gued that, contrary to what the City had asserted, Lt. Stan-
ley had suffered the alleged discrimination while employed.
Brief for Appellant in No. 22 -- 10002, at viii, 10; Brief for
Page Proof Pending Publication
United States as Amicus Curiae in No. 22 -- 10002, pp. 5, 11 -- 
21; see also Reply for Appellant in No. 22 -- 10002, pp. 4 -- 13.
Lt. Stanley and the Government also made this point repeat-
edly to the Eleventh Circuit at oral argument. Recording
of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 10002 (Aug. 24, 2023), at 0:35 -- 5:50,
6:00 -- 7:30, 8:20 -- 9:20.
It is true that, instead of accepting the facts as Lt. Stanley
alleged them (and as the Federal Rules and our precedents
require), the Eleventh Circuit rejected Lt. Stanley's and the
Government's attempts to set the record straight about the
timing question. But it is odd, to say the least, that Lt.
Stanley is now being penalized for her thwarted earlier at-
tempts to assert that the City's discriminatory actions oc-
curred while she was still an employee -- especially when she
might have been able to make that point here if she had
skipped saying this to the Eleventh Circuit entirely and had
pointed it out to us in the frst instance. Cf. Citizens
United, 558 U. S., at 331 (holding that parties can make any
84 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

argument in this Court to support their claim, even one not
raised below).7
3
Regardless of how the Eleventh Circuit handled the alle-
gations in this case, in my view, we need to remember that
our Court's role is to decide what the law is for the entire
Nation. That reach carries with it the heightened responsi-
bility to tether the legal principles we pronounce to the facts
of the case before us, lest we not only create unfairness for
particular parties but also allow a poor vehicle to drive us -- 
and the law -- astray. Considering questions of law divorced
from the actual facts raises doubts about our authority under
Article III. See, e. g., Public Workers v. Mitchell, (1947) ("[F]ederal courts established pursuant to Arti-
cle III of the Constitution do not render advisory opinions").
It also risks error, because it is far more diffcult to correctly
address legal issues on facts that do not implicate the ques-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion presented.
The discrepancy between real life and our legal decision-
making matters in concrete and demonstrable ways. A re-
tiree who alleges disability discrimination that frst occurs
only after they have retired is in a materially different posi-
tion from one who was subjected to that same discriminatory
action during her employment. See Brief for United States
as Amicus Curiae 11 ("When an employer makes a discrimi-
natory change in a plaintiff's post-employment benefts, it
retroactively alters the plaintiff's terms or conditions of em-

7
One might even argue that our decision to grant certiorari in the frst
place signaled our decision to set aside the alleged forfeiture problem,
which the City had asserted in its brief in opposition. Brief in Opposition
30 -- 31. Lt. Stanley, the Government, and knowledgeable observers would
be forgiven for reasonably presuming that the Court had "necessarily con-
sidered and rejected" this purported obstacle to its review when we opted
to grant Lt. Stanley's petition. Stolt-Nielsen S. A. v. AnimalFeeds Int'l
Corp., (2010); see also United States v. Williams,
(1992).
 Cite as: (2025) 85

Jackson, J., dissenting

ployment and changes the compensation she earned as an
employee performing the essential functions of her job -- that
is, as a qualifed individual"). Whether or not Title I covers
that circumstance does not answer whether a plaintiff like
Lt. Stanley -- who did not suffer a retroactive change to
her terms and conditions of employment, but was instead
subjected to the allegedly discriminatory policy while em-
ployed -- can sue.
When we realized that Lt. Stanley's case does not present
a circumstance of discrimination that occurs only after one's
employment ends, we had two reasonable options. We could
have applied our traditional rule, allowing Lt. Stanley to
make all arguments in support of her claim, and then consid-
ered how the alleged facts of her case fare under the law as
we understand it. Alternatively, we could have dismissed
the writ of certiorari as improvidently granted and awaited
a true case of postemployment discrimination to decide that
Page Proof Pending Publication
question. Instead, the Court chooses door number three: to
close its eyes to what Lt. Stanley actually alleges and use
her case nonetheless to answer an important legal question
that does not arise from the facts in her complaint. Thus,
in this of all cases, the Court abandons "its considered prac-
tice not to decide abstract, hypothetical or contingent ques-
tions." Alabama State Federation of Labor v. McAdory,
(1945); cf. McCoy v. Louisiana, (2018) (Alito, J., dissenting) ("The Constitution
gives us the authority to decide real cases and controversies;
we do not have the right to simplify or otherwise change the
facts of a case in order to make our work easier or to achieve
a desired result").
I think plowing forward to make new pronouncements of
law when the alleged facts do not implicate the rule we are
announcing is a mistake. That Lt. Stanley suffered discrim-
ination during her employment is not a disposable "theory."
It is the only lens through which we can accurately -- and
properly -- view her case.
86 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

III
The second misstep that the Court makes in this case is to
construe Title I of the ADA to allow employers to engage in
postemployment discrimination. The text of the statute it-
self says nothing -- zero -- about the preemployment or post-
employment timing of an act of disability discrimination.
Nevertheless, the Court homes in on one isolated provision
(the qualifed-individual defnition), detaches it from its place
in the overall scheme, and converts it into a strict limitation
on the temporal reach of Title I's protection.
In my view, settled law requires a different path. We
should have followed the method this Court employed when
it addressed a comparable question of statutory interpre-
tation in Robinson v. Shell Oil Co., (1997).
There, we held that "employees" in Title VII covers former
employees. Id., at 346. To reach that conclusion, we ana-
lyzed the text, context, and purposes of the provisions at
Page Proof Pending Publication
issue. Applied here, those indicators confrm that Title I
prohibits disability discrimination in the postemployment
payout of benefts earned during an employee's tenure.

A
Robinson frst says to consider whether the statute's text
supplies "a plain and unambiguous" answer to the question
of what the statute allows. Id., at 340. The "inquiry must
cease" at text alone only "if the statutory language is unam-
biguous and `the statutory scheme is coherent and consist-
ent.' " Ibid. ). Title I's text and
overall scheme do not foreclose -- much less unambiguously
so -- retirees' ability to sue over discrimination in the postem-
ployment payout of benefts they earned on the job.
Consider frst what Title I's text does not say. Title I
does not categorically exclude former employees or retirees
from the ADA's protection. Nor does it explicitly carve out
postemployment discrimination as nonactionable. Nothing
 Cite as: (2025) 87

Jackson, J., dissenting

in the statute actually says that one must currently hold or
desire a job to obtain protection from the forms of disability
discrimination that Title I prohibits. And Title I does not
place a temporal limit on the reach of its protections.
What the text of Title I does plainly convey is broad pro-
tection for workers against disability discrimination with
respect to job-related benefts. Section 12112(a)'s general
prohibition bars disability discrimination "in regard to" both
"employee compensation" and "other terms, conditions, and
privileges of employment." Section 12112(b)(2) also spe-
cifcally prohibits disability discrimination by "an organiza-
tion providing fringe benefts to an employee of the covered
entity." As I explain in Part IV, infra, those terms capture
deferred compensation that workers earn during employ-
ment and then receive during retirement.
So where does the majority fnd its purported temporal
limit on Title I's protections? Almost exclusively in the
Page Proof Pending Publication
statute's qualified-individual definition. Recall that
prohibits disability discrimination against a "quali-
fed individual," which defnes as "an individual
who, with or without reasonable accommodation, can per-
form the essential functions of the employment position that
such individual holds or desires." Based on the text and
tense of this provision, the majority concludes that Title I
offers no protection to an individual who does not presently
hold or desire a job. See ante, at 52 -- 53. It reaches that
result by reading the qualifed-individual defnition to apply
equally to two scenarios. See ante, at 55 -- 56. The frst sce-
nario is where someone seeks to keep or obtain a job, but
fnds that aspiration stymied by disability discrimination.
The second scenario is where someone previously had a job
(for which they were qualifed), but suffers postemployment
discrimination in the payout of job-related benefts.
The false equivalence of these two very different scenarios
fuels the majority's effort to sustain a textualist case for a
temporal limitation. But nothing in the text compels it. It
88 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

is perfectly permissible to read the qualifed-individual def-
nition as setting a conditional mandate: If a plaintiff relies
on Title I regarding a job she seeks to obtain or hold, then
she must be able to perform the essential functions of that
job. Brief for Petitioner 3. Conditional mandates like this
appear in daily life. Imagine seeing a sign that reads: "To
live in this apartment building, you must be able to clean up
after the pets that you own." Ibid. No one would read
that rule as requiring tenants to own pets; rather, it is a
conditional mandate that applies if tenants have pets. Ibid.8
Read that way, the qualifed-individual mandate operates
to protect employers from having to extend employment to
those who cannot do a job. See Part III -- B, infra. It says
nothing about the time at which the alleged discrimination
must occur relative to one's period of employment.9
The majority runs in a series of textualist circles, attempt-
ing to fnd the explicit temporal limit it seeks in the qualifed-
individual defnition's text. But it comes up short of any-
Page Proof Pending Publication
thing to confrm that the qualifed-individual defnition is an

8
Lt. Stanley offers another example from an actual statute, which pro-
vides that NASA "shall make one annual award" to "[t]he amateur astron-
omer... who in the preceding calendar year discovered the intrinsically
brightest near-Earth asteroid." 51 U. S. C. (3)(A); see Brief for
Petitioner 36. It then defnes "amateur astronomer" as "an individual
whose employer does not provide any funding, payment, or compensation
to the individual for the observation of asteroids." (1). Does
an unemployed astronomer qualify? Of course. In context, the "amateur
astronomer" defnition imposes a conditional mandate that applies if an
individual is employed.
9
The majority responds that Congress could have written Title I dif-
ferently to make the conditionality of the qualifed-individual mandate
clearer. See ante, at 55 -- 56. But critiques of that sort cut both ways: If
Congress had wanted to restrict all of Title I's protections to only those
who hold or desire a job (as opposed to retirees), it surely could have made
that explicit too. See, e. g., Robinson v. Shell Oil Co., 
(1997) ("That the statute could have expressly included the phrase `former
employees' does not aid our inquiry. Congress also could have used the
phrase `current employees' ").
 Cite as: (2025) 89

Jackson, J., dissenting

expression of Congress's temporal limit on all of Title I.
And the reality is that Title I's text contains neither an ex-
press prohibition against nor authorization for retiree law-
suits challenging postemployment discrimination. Because
text alone does not supply an unambiguous answer, Robin-
son's framework tells us to proceed to understand the con-
text in which the "qualifed individual" defnition appears in
Title I, as well as the point of that provision -- i. e., what,
exactly, Congress designed that defnition to do.

B
Congress incorporated the qualifed-individual provision
into Title I of the ADA to address a particular problem. Its
legislative history makes clear that, by adding this provision,
Congress simply "intend[ed] to reaffrm that [Title I] does
not undermine an employer's ability to choose and maintain
qualifed workers." H. R. Rep. No. 101 -- 485, pt. 2, at 55.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Congress was responding to businesses' concerns that pro-
tecting disabled workers would mean requiring employers to
hire employees whose disabilities could threaten "the health
or safety of others," damage "property," or prevent the com-
pletion of the work. Id., at 56. Could a jewelry store in
search of a security guard require "[m]obility and dexterity"
from an applicant? Ibid. Or, if a job involved lifting 50-
pound boxes, could an employer require applicants to be able
to lift that much weight? Id., pt. 3, at 36.
Congress added the qualifed-individual provision to make
clear that the answer to these and similar questions was yes.
Ibid. It explained that, "[a]s with other civil rights laws
prohibiting discrimination in employment," Title I would not
"limit the ability of covered entities to choose and maintain a
qualifed workforce." Id., at 35 -- 36. Employers could "hire
and employ employees who can perform the job" and use
"job-related criteria" in making those determinations. Id.,
at 36. In other words, Congress designed the provision to
"ensure that employers can continue to require that all ap-
90 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

plicants and employees, including those with disabilities,
are able to perform the essential, i. e., the non-marginal func-
tions of the job." Id., pt. 2, at 55.
The "qualifed" aspect of Title I's protection thus recog-
nizes that, in certain situations, employers may lawfully dis-
criminate against applicants and current employees based on
disability. Specifcally, employers may do so if disability
renders someone unable to perform the essential functions
of a job that she holds or desires. And that makes perfect
sense when a plaintiff seeks Title I's protection with respect
to hiring, promotion, or fring determinations. E. g., Cleve-
land v. Policy Management Systems Corp., 
(1999) (wrongful-discharge plaintiff had to show she could
" `perform the essential functions' of her job").
A retiree seeking to remedy discrimination as to the pay-
out of benefts already earned on the job, by contrast, does
not trigger the concerns that motivated Congress to craft a
Page Proof Pending Publication
qualifed-individual metric. See, e. g., Castellano v. New
York, 142 F. 3d 58, 68 (CA2 1998) ("Where the alleged dis-
crimination relates to the provision of post-employment ben-
efts, rather than to hiring, promotion, or fring, Congress's
expressed concern about qualifcations is no longer impli-
cated"). Unlike allowing disability discrimination against
someone who is or seeks to be in the workforce but cannot
do the job, authorizing disability discrimination against a
retiree who was in the workforce, but has now left it, has
nothing to do with the problem Congress was addressing
when it imposed the conditions in the qualifed-individual
defnition.
The long and short of it is that the qualifed-individual pro-
vision's function is to protect employers from having to hire
and maintain employees who cannot do the work. That pro-
vision is not designed to serve as a temporal limit that extin-
guishes the rights of those who already did the work and
have now left the job. Nor does it make any sense -- given
Title I's overall scheme -- for the qualifed-individual provi-
 Cite as: (2025) 91

Jackson, J., dissenting

sion to moonlight as such a temporal restriction. If Con-
gress had wanted the qualifed-individual defnition to do the
work of cutting off discrimination claims that arise after re-
tirement, it easily could have said so.

C
It is clear, then, that the majority has commandeered Title
I's qualifed-individual defnition and used it to steer today's
legal analysis through wholly inapposite terrain. Doing this
not only diverges from Congress's design but also leads to
anomalous results. That is, even as the majority assumes
that Title I protects retirement benefts, it adopts an inter-
pretation that severely undermines those protections, ren-
dering them null just when they matter most. Worse still,
the majority's reading of this statute counteracts the objec-
tive of the qualifed-individual provision -- the very provision
on which the majority's holding turns.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Under the majority's logic, if an employer cuts off an em-
ployee's entitlement to retiree health benefts (because of
their disability) one day before they retire, the employee can
sue. But if the employer waits until one day after that em-
ployee's retirement (assuming the employee no longer de-
sires the job they held), Title I offers them no protection.
Imagine a janitor who is deaf. She works decades at a
school, performing all essential functions of her job. During
that time, she earns retirement benefts, including postem-
ployment health insurance and a pension. After she retires,
the school cuts off her employer-provided retirement benefts
on the ground that "it was always a nuisance to have to ac-
commodate her all those years" -- i. e., because of her deaf-
ness. Does Title I protect her against this blatant disability
discrimination? Per today's holding, the majority says no.
Even though the school has taken away job-related benefts
that the janitor earned during her working years, she is out
of luck because -- the majority reasons -- Title I's protections
are limited only to those who hold or desire a job.
92 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

Arbitrariness abounds. If the retired janitor remains
able to perform the essential functions of her job, and if she
still wants to work, then she can bring a Title I suit to chal-
lenge the school's discrimination in the payout of retirement
benefts she already earned. But if she can no longer per-
form the essential functions of her job, or if she simply no
longer desires a job, then she cannot. See Brief for AFL -- 
CIO as Amicus Curiae 5. But why would Congress hinge
the retired janitor's protection against discrimination in the
benefts she earned while working on whether she wants and
can perform a job in the future? While she was working,
she could perform the essential functions of her job and
thereby earned the benefts in question -- isn't that what mat-
ters in any coherent and consistent scheme designed to pro-
tect against disability discrimination? 10
It is illogical to conclude that, while Congress wanted to
protect against discrimination with respect to retirement
benefts, it crafted a statute that implicitly cuts off those pro-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tections the moment a worker last clocks out. Holding as
much allows employers to evade Title I's retirement-beneft
protections by bait and switch. They need not refrain from
discrimination; all they have to do is wait.
IV
Rather than unfastening the qualifed-individual defnition
from the objective that compelled it and construing that pro-
vision to limit the broad protections that the ADA confers,
I would adopt the statutory reading most consistent with the
10
The majority's blinkered focus leads to other oddities too. What if
the retired janitor can no longer perform her janitorial work, but she takes
on a lighter job with a different employer? Without question, she "can
perform the essential functions of the [new] employment position that [she]
holds." 42 U. S. C.. Given that she currently holds a job, can
she now (even under the majority's reading) sue her former employer for
its disability discrimination with respect to her retirement benefts? Fol-
lowing the majority's textualism to its logical conclusion, the answer sud-
denly would seem to be yes.
 Cite as: (2025) 93

Jackson, J., dissenting

overall design of Title I. Congress passed the ADA to pro-
tect people with disabilities, and it crafted Title I, in particu-
lar, to provide disabled workers with meaningful protections
against disability discrimination in the provision of job-
related retirement benefts. To properly evaluate the in-
tended scope of Title I's protections, courts need to situate
its provisions within that broader context.

A
At our best, this Court has appreciated the ADA's "broad
mandate" and "sweeping purpose" for remedying "wide-
spread discrimination against disabled individuals." PGA
TOUR, Inc. v. Martin, -- 675 (2001). We
have called the statute's " `comprehensive character' " one of
its " `most impressive strengths.' " Id., at 675. And we
have seen it as Congress designed it -- " `a milestone on the
path to a more decent, tolerant, progressive society.' " Ibid.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Reading Title I to prohibit postemployment discrimination
in the provision of retirement benefts (as I do) aligns with
the broader purposes of the ADA. Retirement benefts are
an essential aspect of the "equality of opportunity, full partic-
ipation, independent living, and economic self-suffciency"
that the ADA promotes. (7). They are also one
of "those opportunities for which our free society is justif-
ably famous," and Congress wanted to ensure that disabled
Americans could enjoy them, too. (8).
In other words, Title I's protections encourage disabled
Americans to enter the workforce and have an equal oppor-
tunity to earn all that a good job brings to workers and their
families. Retirement benefts are a key piece of that pie.
Brief for AARP et al. as Amici Curiae 19 (describing retire-
ment benefts as a key factor in workers' job-related deci-
sions). After all, workers often decide whether to enter the
workforce, and when to leave, based on the terms of such
benefts. Protecting disabled Americans' right to receive all
that they earned during their working years -- free from dis-
94 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

ability discrimination in retirement -- is essential to a faithful
application of Congress's handiwork.
The majority skips past these anchoring objectives; it
hastily assumes Congress wanted to confer protection
against job-related disability discrimination (to include dis-
crimination related to the provision of retirement benefts),
ante, at 57, but then treats the many provisions of the ADA
that demonstrate this congressional purpose as irrelevant to
an interpretation of Title I's reach, ante, at 57 -- 58. In my
view, Congress's clear aims are not so easily avoided.
A comprehensive look at Title I reveals its protection of
retirement benefits in at least three places. Section
12112(a)'s general prohibition bars disability discrimination
"in regard to" both "employee compensation" and "other
terms, conditions, and privileges of employment." Addi-
tionally, (2) prohibits disability discrimination by
"an organization providing fringe benefts to an employee of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the covered entity." Legislative history reinforces that
Congress inserted these phrases into Title I to protect pen-
sions, health insurance, and other benefts that employers
promise to give their employees upon retirement. See H. R.
Rep. No. 101 -- 485, pt. 2, at 54 -- 55 (noting that Title I covers
"the range of employment decisions," including those con-
cerning "fringe benefts available by virtue of employment");
see also id., pt. 3, at 36 (prohibiting adoption of different
"benefts" for disabled employees); id., at 38 ("[E]mployers
may not deny health insurance coverage completely to an
individual based on the person's... disability").
Congress also crafted Title I knowing that courts had con-
strued these terms in similar statutes to include retirement
benefts. This Court had held, for example, that a "beneft
need not accrue before a person's employment is completed
to be a term, condition, or privilege of that employment rela-
tionship." Hishon v. King & Spalding, 
(1984). It had thus made clear that "[p]ension benefts"
"qualify as terms, conditions, or privileges of employment
 Cite as: (2025) 95

Jackson, J., dissenting

even though they are received only after employment termi-
nates." Ibid. Five Justices had also reasoned that "[t]here
is no question that the opportunity to participate in a de-
ferred compensation plan constitutes a `conditio[n] or privi-
leg[e] of employment,' and that retirement benefts constitute
a form of `compensation.' " Arizona Governing Comm. for
Tax Deferred Annuity and Deferred Compensation Plans
v. Norris, (1983) (Marshall, J., joined by
Brennan, White, Stevens, and O'Connor, JJ., concurring in
judgment in part) (footnote omitted). And the Court had
further clarifed that "[a] beneft that is part and parcel of
the employment relationship may not be doled out in a dis-
criminatory fashion." Hishon, 467 U. S., at 75.

B
This backdrop highlights not only that Congress viewed
retirement benefts to be a protected form of employee com-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pensation, but also how Congress intended for this particular
form of protection from disability discrimination to operate.
To be specifc: Retirement benefts are not payments to retir-
ees for something they do postemployment (i. e., when they
neither have nor desire a job). Rather, as we held in an
analogous context just before the ADA's passage, "retire-
ment benefts are deferred compensation for past years of
service rendered." Davis v. Michigan Dept. of Treasury, 810 (1989) (interpreting statute that con-
sented to state " `taxation of pay or compensation for per-
sonal service as an offcer or employee of the United States' "
to cover federal retirement benefts, because they are com-
pensation for service as a federal employee). Thus, as we
recognized in Davis, although workers receive these benefts
after they retire, workers earn these benefts as employees -- 
during their employment. Ibid.
If an employer alters the payout of benefts based on an
employee's disability after that individual's employment
ends -- say, by reducing pension benefts -- the employer has
96 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

discriminatorily changed the terms and conditions of employ-
ment that the individual was subject to while working.11
The retiree earns those benefts as an employee; therefore,
the postemployment adverse action retroactively discrimi-
nates against that previously qualifed individual. See Brief
for United States as Amicus Curiae 29 -- 32. So, even as-
suming (as the majority does) that the individual's qualif-
cations are apposite to this particular scope-of-coverage
question (but see Part III -- A, supra), the individual could
perform the job's essential functions when it mattered -- 
when the individual earned the benefts.
The Government proffers an illustrative hypothetical.
Imagine "a statute prohibiting airlines from discriminating
against a `qualifed passenger' in the `terms, conditions, or
privileges of carriage' and defning a `qualifed passenger' to
mean someone who `meets the carrier's eligibility require-
ments for the fight on which the passenger is fying or seeks
to fy.' " Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 31.
Page Proof Pending Publication
What happens if the airline discriminates against the individ-
ual in the handling of their baggage at their destination,
after they debark? The majority would say, too bad -- the
individual is no longer a "qualifed passenger." But I would
read the statute in context, as the Government does: The
individual was qualifed during the relevant period; the dis-
crimination relates to their act of fying with the airline as a
passenger; and this is the type of discrimination that the
statute was designed to stop. This reading follows from the
text, context, and primary purpose of the statute -- it renders
the provision in question part of a coherent and consistent
overall scheme.
So it is here. A retiree who worked and earned benefts
as a qualifed individual, then suffered discrimination at the
11
This is not what happened here, of course. Lt. Stanley was subject
to the discriminatory policy that she now challenges while she was still
working. Yet the consequence of the majority's broad holding is that the
retiree I describe above would have no recourse under Title I.
 Cite as: (2025) 97

Jackson, J., dissenting

payout stage for those benefts in retirement, is covered by
Title I's protections. On such facts, fairly interpreted, the
employer has "discriminate[d] against a qualifed individual... in regard to... employee compensation.".
That is precisely what Title I prohibits.
C
Waving off Congress's broader objectives, the majority
notes that legislation does not "pursu[e] its stated purpose at
all costs." Ante, at 58.
This common rejoinder attacks a strawman. Looking to a
statute's purposes helps us to understand -- not override -- 
that statute's text. And while legislators may not pursue
their purposes "at all costs," such calibrations and the com-
promises they refect do not make legislative purposes irrele-
vant to a full and fair evaluation of what a statutory provi-
sion means, as the majority suggests.
Too often, this Court closes its eyes to context, enactment
Page Proof Pending Publication
history, and the legislature's goals when assessing statutory
meaning. I cannot abide that narrow-minded approach. If
a statute's text does not provide a clear answer to a question,
it is not our role to keep twisting and turning those words
until self-confrmatory observations solidify our "frst blush"
assumptions. Robinson, 519 U. S., at 341.12
12
The majority's contention that I reject " `pure textualism' [as] insuff-
ciently pliable to secure the result [I] seek," ante, at 57, stems from an
unfortunate misunderstanding of the judicial role. Our interpretative
task is not to seek our own desired results (whatever they may be). And,
indeed, it is precisely because of this solemn duty that, in my view, it is
imperative that we interpret statutes consistent with all relevant indicia
of what Congress wanted, as best we can ascertain its intent. A method-
ology that includes consideration of Congress's aims does exactly that -- 
and no more. By contrast, pure textualism's refusal to try to understand
the text of a statute in the larger context of what Congress sought to
achieve turns the interpretive task into a potent weapon for advancing
judicial policy preferences. By "fnding" answers in ambiguous text, and
not bothering to consider whether those answers align with other sources
of statutory meaning, pure textualists can easily disguise their own prefer-
98 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Jackson, J., dissenting

Courts should remember that "[l]egislation has an aim; it
seeks to obviate some mischief, to supply an inadequacy, to
effect a change of policy, to formulate a plan of government."
F. Frankfurter, Some Refections on the Reading of Statutes,
47 Colum. L. Rev. 527, 538 -- 539 (1947). Viewing a statute's
text in light of its aims allows us to "carr[y] out Congress'
likely intent in enacting the statutory provision before us."
Zuni Public School Dist. No. 89 v. Department of Educa-
tion, (2007). Crucially, this keeps us to our
proper role as judges in a democratic system. See United
States v. American Trucking Assns., Inc., 
(1940) (courts' role in interpreting statutes is "to construe
the language so as to give effect to the intent of Congress").
Here, instead of rendering Title I's retirement-beneft pro-
tections an empty promise by adopting a reading "destruc-
tive of [its] purpose," the Court should have adopted the
reading that is not only plainly text-based but is also "more
consistent with the broader context of [Title I] and the pri-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mary purpose of " its protections. Robinson, 519 U. S., at
346. In my view, in the absence of any clear temporal limi-
tation on the scope of Title I, the best interpretation would
permit those who were qualifed enough to earn benefts
while working to seek a remedy for postemployment dis-
crimination in the payout of those benefts.

* * *
Disabled Americans who have retired from the workforce
simply want to enjoy the fruits of their labor free from dis-
crimination. Congress plainly protected their right to do so
when it crafted Title I. Yet, the Court ignores that right
today. It reaches out to cut off postemployment protection
against disability discrimination in a case that does not re-

ences as "textual" inevitabilities. So, really, far from being "insuffciently
pliable," I think pure textualism is incessantly malleable -- that's its pri-
mary problem -- and, indeed, it is certainly somehow always flexible
enough to secure the majority's desired outcome.
 Cite as: (2025) 99

Jackson, J., dissenting

quire us to decide that question; seizes upon the inapposite
text of the qualifed-individual defnition; and converts that
text into a temporal limit it was never designed to be.
Worse still, by doing all this, the Court renders meaningless
Title I's protections for disabled workers' retirement benefts
just when those protections matter most.
It is lamentable that this Court so diminishes disability
rights that the People (through their elected representa-
tives) established more than three decades ago. Even so,
there is hope for a legislative intervention to fx the mistake
the Court has made. Americans with disabilities have
proven time and again that they can overcome long odds in
fghting for their own equality. When that happens, my one
wish would be for this Court to stay out of their way.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 1
Pages 357 -- 418

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 26, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 357

Syllabus

MEDINA, DIRECTOR, SOUTH CAROLINA DE-
PARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SER-
VICES v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD
SOUTH ATLANTIC et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fourth circuit
No. 23 -- 1275. Argued April 2, 2025 -- Decided June 26, 2025
Congress created Medicaid in 1965 to subsidize state healthcare for fami-
lies and individuals "whose income and resources are insuffcient to
meet the costs of necessary medical services." 42 U. S. C. -- 1.
Medicaid offers States "a bargain": federal funds in exchange for compli-
ance with congressionally imposed conditions. To participate in
Medicaid, States must submit a "plan for medical assistance" satisfying
over 80 conditions in. If a State fails "to comply substan-
tially" with any condition, the Secretary of Health and Human Services
may withhold federal funding.. This case involves the any-
qualifed-provider provision in (23)(A), which requires States
Page Proof Pending Publication
to ensure that "any individual eligible for medical assistance... may
obtain" it "from any [provider] qualifed to perform the service... who
undertakes to provide" it. The provision does not defne "qualifed,"
leaving that to States' traditional authority over health and safety mat-
ters. The question is whether individual Medicaid benefciaries may
sue state offcials under 42 U. S. C. for failing to comply with the
any-qualifed-provider provision.
Planned Parenthood South Atlantic operates two clinics in South Car-
olina, offering a wide range of services to Medicaid and non-Medicaid
patients. It also performs abortions. Citing state law prohibiting
public funds for abortion, South Carolina in July 2018 determined that
Planned Parenthood could no longer participate in the State's Medicaid
program. At the same time, the State took steps that, it said, would
help ensure that other providers would continue offering necessary
medical care and family planning services. Planned Parenthood and
patient Julie Edwards sued, claiming the exclusion of Planned Parent-
hood violated the any-qualifed-provider provision. Edwards alleged
she preferred Planned Parenthood for gynecological care but needed
Medicaid coverage. They brought a class action "to vindicate
rights secured by the federal Medicaid statutes."
Section 1983 allows private parties to sue state actors who violate
their "rights" under the federal "Constitution and laws." But federal
358 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Syllabus

statutes do not automatically confer "rights." This
is especially true of spending-power statutes like Medicaid, where "the
typical remedy" for violations is federal funding termination, not private
suits. Gonzaga Univ. v. Doe,.
The district court granted summary judgment for plaintiffs and en-
joined the exclusion. The Fourth Circuit affrmed. This Court then
granted certiorari, vacated, and remanded in light of Health and Hospi-
tal Corporation of Marion Cty. v. Talevski, which
addressed whether another spending-power statute created 
enforceable rights. On remand, the Fourth Circuit reaffrmed.
Held: Section 1396a(a)(23)(A) does not clearly and unambiguously confer
individual rights enforceable under. Pp. 367 -- 386.
(a) Congress sometimes allows private enforcement through,
which authorizes suits against state actors who deprive individuals of
federal "rights, privileges, or immunities." But statutes create individ-
ual rights only in "atypical case[s]." Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183. Sec-
tion 1983 provides causes of action for deprivation of " `rights,' " not
mere " `benefts' or `interests.' " Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 283.
To prove an enforceable right, plaintiffs must show the statute
"clear[ly] and unambiguous[ly]" uses "rights-creating terms" with "an
Page Proof Pending Publication
unmistakable focus" on individuals. Id., at 284, 290. This is a "strin-
gent" and "demanding" test. Talevski, 599 U. S., at 180, 186. Even
qualifying statutes may be unenforceable if Congress provided alterna-
tive remedies.
These rules vindicate separation of powers. Courts once assumed
authority to provide whatever remedies seemed necessary for statutory
purposes. But statutes do not pursue single purposes "at all costs,"
American Express Co. v. Italian Colors Restaurant, and Congress may not wish to authorize private suits, Hernández v.
Mesa,. Deciding whether to permit private enforce-
ment poses delicate policy questions involving competing costs and ben-
efts -- decisions for elected representatives, not judges. Pp. 367 -- 369.
(b) Spending-power statutes are especially unlikely to confer enforce-
able rights. Unlike Commerce Clause or other regulatory powers, Con-
gress's spending authority rests on the "Taxing Clause" (Art. I, cl.
1), which does not expressly authorize regulating conduct or issuing
direct orders to States.
Early courts described federal grants as contracts, not commands.
Federal-state agreements resemble treaties between "two sovereign-
ties." Neil, Moore & Co. v. Ohio, 3 How. 720, 742. Treaties may bene-
ft citizens but generally do not confer individually enforceable rights
 Cite as: (2025) 359

Syllabus

against sovereigns, instead depending on the contracting governments
for enforcement. Thus, "Congress alone has the power to enforce"
grant conditions. Emigrant Co. v. County of Adams,.
Pp. 369 -- 372.
(c) In Pennhurst State School and Hospital v. Halderman, the Court established that spending-power legislation is "much in
the nature of a contract." Id., at 17. The "typical remedy for state
noncompliance" is federal funding termination. Id., at 28. Private en-
forcement requires showing States "voluntarily and knowingly" con-
sented to private suits, meaning Congress must "clear[ly]" and "unam-
biguously" alert States that private enforcement was a funding
condition. Id., at 17.
Gonzaga held that spending-power legislation cannot support 
suits unless Congress "speaks with a clear voice, and manifests an unam-
biguous intent to confer individual rights." 536 U. S., at 280. Only
"unmistakable" notice suffces. Id., at 286 -- 287, and.
Talevski reaffrmed that Gonzaga "sets forth [the] established
method." 599 U. S., at 183. Statutory provisions must "unambigu-
ously confer individual federal rights" -- a "demanding bar" cleared only
in "atypical" cases. Id., at 180, 183 -- 184. The statutes there qualifed
because they "expressly" used clear "rights-creating language." Id., at
Page Proof Pending Publication
184, 186.
Earlier cases like Wilder v. Virginia Hospital Assn., Wright v. Roanoke Redevelopment and Housing Authority, and Blessing v. Freestone, suggested less demanding
standards, but Gonzaga "reject[ed]" any approach permitting "anything
short of an unambiguously conferred right." 536 U. S., at 283. Lower
courts should not rely on these repudiated precedents. Pp. 372 -- 376.
(d) Section 1396a(a)(23)(A) lacks the required clear rights-creating
language. Since Pennhurst, only three sets of spending-power statutes
have been found to confer rights: those in Wright, Wilder, and
Talevski. Given this Court's repudiation of Wright and Wilder's rea-
soning, Talevski provides the only reliable measure.
Talevski addressed Federal Nursing Home Reform Act provisions re-
quiring facilities to "protect and promote" residents' "right to be free
from" restraints and provisions titled "[t]ransfer and discharge rights"
in a subsection called "[r]equirements relating to residents' rights.".
The any-qualifed-provider provision looks nothing like these. Sec-
tion 1396a(a)(23)(A) states that Medicaid plans must "provide that...
any individual eligible for medical assistance... may obtain such assist-
ance from any... qualifed" provider. This language addresses state
360 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Syllabus

duties and may beneft providers and patients, but lacks FNHRA's clear
"rights-creating language," Talevski, 599 U. S., at 186 (internal quota-
tion marks omitted).
Congress knows how to create clear rights, as FNHRA shows by giv-
ing nursing-home residents "the right to choose a personal attending
physician." (1)(A)(i). But that is not the
law here.
The provision's exceptions confrm this reading. States may exclude
providers "convicted of a felony" and "determin[e]" which convictions
qualify. (23)(B). This makes sense if the provision addresses
state duties to the federal government, but creates problems if it also
confers individual rights -- Congress would grant rights in one breath
while letting States control their scope in the next.
The statutory context supports this conclusion. The Medicaid Act
requires only "substantia[l]" compliance, suggesting focus on
" `aggregate' " compliance with federal obligations rather than rights
" `of any particular person.' " Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 288. The pro-
vision appears as paragraph 23 of 87 plan requirements directed to
the Secretary, without discernible organizational principle. If
(23)(A) created individual rights, many similar Medicaid pro-
visions would too, making rights-creating provisions the rule rather
Page Proof Pending Publication
than "atypical" exceptions. Pp. 376 -- 380.
(e) Four counterarguments are offered. First, the claim that Con-
gress modeled (23)(A) on a Medicare provision titled " `Free
choice by patient guaranteed.' " 79 Stat. 291, 42 U. S. C.. But
no court has addressed whether that Medicare provision creates 
rights. Moreover, while the Medicare provision "guarantee[s]" patient
"free choice," the Medicaid provision never uses "guarantee" or "free
choice" -- Congress omitted the very language claimed to create rights.
Second, the appeal to legislative history suggesting Congress intended
individual rights. But statutory interpretation focuses on what Con-
gress enacted, not speculated intentions. For spending-power statutes,
"the key is not what a majority of the Members... intend but what the
States are clearly told." Arlington Central School Dist. Bd. of Ed. v.
Murphy,. Third, the proposal to remodel the estab-
lished test by arguing that "individual-centric, mandatory language" is
necessarily "rights-creating" without requiring the "explicit rights-
creating terms" this Court has long required. This standard lacks foun-
dation in precedent and obliterates the distinction between mere bene-
fts and enforceable rights. It would make rights-creating provisions
the rule rather than "atypical" exceptions and leave States guessing
about their obligations. Fourth, the policy argument that only 
litigation can effectively enforce the provision, claiming the federal gov-
 Cite as: (2025) 361

Syllabus

ernment lacks capacity or appetite for funding cutoffs. This Court has
rejected the notion that funding cutoffs are "too massive" to be realistic
relief. Armstrong v. Exceptional Child Center, Inc.,.
Alternative enforcement exists -- States have administrative processes
for provider challenges, reviewable by state courts. If existing reme-
dies prove insuffcient, Congress can create new ones. But balancing
enforcement costs and benefts is a policy question for Congress, not
courts. Pp. 380 -- 385.
95 F. 4th 152, reversed and remanded.

Gorsuch, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Alito, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ., joined.
Thomas, J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 386. Jackson, J., fled a
dissenting opinion, in which Sotomayor and Kagan, JJ., joined, post,
p. 397.

John J. Bursch argued the cause for petitioner. With him
on the briefs were James A. Campbell, Erin M. Hawley,
Christopher P. Schandevel, Caroline C. Lindsay, Kelly M.
Jolley, and Ariail B. Kirk.
Kyle D. Hawkins argued the cause for the United States
Page Proof Pending Publication
as amicus curiae urging reversal. On the brief were Acting
Solicitor General Harris, Acting Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral Shumate, Deputy Solicitor General Kneedler, Zoe A.
Jacoby, Joshua M. Salzman, and Laura E. Myron.
Nicole A. Saharsky argued the cause for respondents.
With her on the brief were Miriam R. Nemetz, Minh Nguyen-
Dang, Carmen Longoria-Green, Jennifer Sandman, and
Hannah Swanson.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the State of Kan-
sas et al. by Kris W. Kobach, Attorney General of Kansas, Anthony J.
Powell, Solicitor General, Erin B. Gaide, Assistant Attorney General, and
John Guard, Acting Attorney General of Florida, and by the Attorneys
General for their respective States as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama,
Treg Taylor of Alaska, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Christopher M. Carr of
Georgia, Raúl Labrador of Idaho, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Theodore E. Rok-
ita of Indiana, Russell Coleman of Kentucky, Liz Murrill of Louisiana,
Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Andrew Bailey of Missouri, Austin Knudsen
of Montana, Drew H. Wrigley of North Dakota, Gentner Drummond of
Oklahoma, Marty Jackley of South Dakota, and John B. McCuskey of
362 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

Justice Gorsuch delivered the opinion of the Court.
Medicaid offers States "a bargain." Armstrong v. Excep-
tional Child Center, Inc., (2015). In re-

West Virginia; for the American Association of Pro-Life Obstetricians and
Gynecologists et al. by Christopher E. Mills; for the American Center for
Law and Justice by Jay Alan Sekulow, Stuart J. Roth, Jordan A. Sekulow,
Colby M. May, and Laura B. Hernandez; for Americans United for Life
by Steven H. Aden; for America's Future et al. by William J. Olson, Jere-
miah L. Morgan, Patrick M. McSweeney, Joseph W. Miller, and Kerry L.
Morgan; for the Eagle Forum Education & Legal Defense Fund by Law-
rence J. Joseph; for the Family Policy Alliance et al. by Randall L. Wenger,
Janice L. Martino-Gottshall, and Jeremy L. Samek; for Heartbeat Inter-
national, Inc., by Adam F. Mathews; for Liberty Counsel by Mathew D.
Staver, Anita L. Staver, and Horatio G. Mihet; for South Carolina Medic-
aid Practitioners by Thomas M. Fisher and Bryan G. Cleveland; for the
Southeastern Legal Foundation by Braden H. Boucek; for U. S. Senators
et al. by Thomas R. McCarthy and Tiffany H. Bates; for World Faith
Foundation et al. by James L. Hirsen, Deborah J. Dewart, and Tami Fitz-
gerald; for Gov. Henry Dargan McMaster by Thomas A. Limehouse, Jr.,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Wm. Grayson Lambert, Erica W. Shedd, and Tyra S. McBride; for 46
South Carolina State Legislators by Timothy J. Newton; and for 311 State
Legislators by Kristine L. Brown.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts et al. by Andrea Joy Campbell, Attorney General
of Massachusetts, and Gerard J. Cedrone, Deputy State Solicitor, and by
the Attorneys General for their respective jurisdictions as follows: Rob
Bonta of California, Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, Kathleen Jennings of
Delaware, Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Anne E. Lopez
of Hawaii, Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Dana Nessel of Michigan,
Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Aaron D. Ford of Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin
of New Jersey, Raúl Torrez of New Mexico, Letitia James of New York,
Jeff Jackson of North Carolina, Dan Rayfeld of Oregon, Peter F. Neronha
of Rhode Island, and Nicholas W. Brown of Washington; for the American
Cancer Society Cancer Action Network et al. by Thomas W. Curvin, John
H. Fleming, and Mary Rouvelas; for the American College of Obstetri-
cians and Gynecologists et al. by Janice Mac Avoy and Francisco Negrón,
Jr.; for Former Senior Offcials of the Dept. of Health and Human Services
by Skye L. Perryman and Stephen I. Vladeck; for Health Policy Scholars
by Carolyn F. Corwin; for the Information Society Project at Yale Law
School by Priscilla J. Smith; for Local Governments et al. by Jonathan
B. Miller, Cheran Ivery, Christian D. Menefee, David J. Hackett, John
 Cite as: (2025) 363

Opinion of the Court

turn for federal funds, States agree "to spend them in ac-
cordance with congressionally imposed conditions." Ibid.
Should a State fail to comply substantially with those condi-
tions, the Secretary of Health and Human Services can with-
hold some or all of its federal Medicaid funding. This case
poses the question whether, in addition to that remedy, indi-
vidual Medicaid benefciaries may sue state offcials for fail-
ing to comply with one funding condition spelled out in 42
U. S. C. (23)(A).
I
Congress created Medicaid in 1965 to subsidize state ef-
forts to provide healthcare to families and individuals
" `whose income and resources are insuffcient to meet the
costs of necessary medical services.' " Armstrong, 575
U. S., at 323. Today, all 50 States partici-
pate in Medicaid. Congressional Research Service, Medic-
aid: An Overview 1 (2025) (CRS). In order to do so, a State
Page Proof Pending Publication
must submit to the Secretary a "plan for medical assistance."
; see also -- 1. To win the Secretary's ap-
proval, that plan must satisfy more than 80 separate condi-
tions Congress has set out in. Once the Secretary
approves a plan, federal funds begin fowing to help the State
execute it. Of course, States must contribute their own

P. Markovs, Lyndsey M. Olson, David Chiu, Meredith A. Johnson, and
Rachel A. Neil; for Medicaid Benefciaries C. M. et al. by Ian Heath Gersh-
engorn; for the National Health Law Program et al. by Donald B. Verrilli,
Jr., and Jane Perkins; for Organizations Advancing Reproductive Rights,
Health, and Justice by Autumn Katz and Amy Myrick; for Religious Or-
ganizations et al. by Jaime A. Santos and Amelia Brown; for the Women's
Bar Association of the District of Columbia et al. by Heather Richardson;
for 7 South Carolina Healthcare Policy Experts et al. by Jessica L. Ells-
worth; and for 238 Members of Congress by Christopher E. Babbitt.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the American Public Health Associ-
ation et al. by Thomas Barker; for the Life Legal Defense Foundation by
Catherine Short and Sheila A. Green; and for 138 Women Hurt by Planned
Parenthood Abortions et al. by Allan E. Parker, Jr., Mary Browning, and
R. Clayton Trotter.
364 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

money, too. See. Historically, the federal gov-
ernment has provided on average about 57% of the funds
required to implement Medicaid, and States have supplied
the balance. CRS 21.
This case concerns one of the conditions state plans must
meet. Located in (23)(A), Medicaid's any-
qualified-provider provision, as it is sometimes called,
requires States to ensure that "any individual eligible for
medical assistance... may obtain" it "from any [provider]
qualifed to perform the service... who undertakes to pro-
vide" it. The provision does not defne the term "qualifed,"
perhaps because States have traditionally exercised primary
responsibility over "matters of health and safety," including
the regulation of the practice of medicine. De Buono v.
NYSA -- ILA Medical and Clinical Services Fund, (1997); see also Linder v. United States, (1925); 42 CFR.51(c)(2) (2024). But everyone ac-
Page Proof Pending Publication
knowledges that, if a State fails "to comply substantially"
with this (or any) congressionally specifed condition, the
Secretary may withhold some or all of the State's federal
funding until he is "satisfed that there will no longer be any
such failure to comply.".
The parties' dispute concerns whether, in addition to that
remedy, the law recognizes another. The dispute arose this
way. Planned Parenthood South Atlantic operates two clin-
ics in South Carolina, one in each of the State's two most
populous cities. Planned Parenthood South Atlantic v.
Kerr, 95 F. 4th 152, 156 -- 157 (CA4 2024). At both locations,
the group offers "a wide range" of services to Medicaid and
non-Medicaid patients. Ibid. It also performs abortions.
Ibid. Citing a state law prohibiting the use of its own public
funds for abortion, South Carolina announced in July 2018
that Planned Parenthood could no longer participate in the
State's Medicaid program. App. to Pet. for Cert. 157a -- 162a.
At the same time, the State took steps that, it said, would
help ensure that a "variety of other nongovernmental enti-
 Cite as: (2025) 365

Opinion of the Court

ties and governmental agencies" would continue to provide
"access to necessary medical care and important women's
health and family planning services." Id., at 158a. Accord-
ing to the State, it has "140 [other] federally qualifed health
clinics and pregnancy centers, not counting the numerous
private health providers who accept Medicaid." Brief for
Petitioner 9.
In response to the State's announcement, Planned Parent-
hood and one of its patients, Julie Edwards, sued the director
of the State's Department of Health and Human Services.
They argued that South Carolina's exclusion of Planned
Parenthood from its Medicaid program violated the any-
qualifed-provider provision. Specifcally, Ms. Edwards al-
leged that, while she regularly visits other medical care pro-
viders, she has had especially positive experiences with
Planned Parenthood and would like "to shift all [her] gyneco-
logical and reproductive health care there.'' App. 32, 33.
Page Proof Pending Publication
But none of that will be possible, she continued, unless
Medicaid covers those services. Ibid. Based on these alle-
gations, Ms. Edwards and Planned Parenthood brought a
putative class action "pursuant to 42 U.S.C. to vindi-
cate rights secured by the federal Medicaid statutes." Id.,
at 1.
First enacted as part of the Civil Rights Act of 1871, 
allows private parties to sue state actors who violate their
"rights" under "the Constitution and laws" of the United
States. But federal statutes do not confer "rights" enforce-
able under "as a matter of course." Health and Hos-
pital Corporation of Marion Cty. v. Talevski, (2023). That is particularly true of statutes, like Medic-
aid, enacted pursuant to Congress's spending power. The
spending power allows Congress to offer funds to States that
agree to certain conditions. See, e. g., South Dakota v. Dole,
-- 208 (1987). But when a State violates
those conditions, " `the typical remedy' " is not a private en-
forcement suit " `but rather action by the Federal Govern-
366 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

ment to terminate funds to the State.' " Gonzaga Univ. v.
Doe, (2002) ).
Appreciating all this, the plaintiffs argued that their case
implicated an exception to the usual rule. The any-
qualifed-provider provision, they said, is among those rare
federal spending-power statutes that confer individual rights
enforceable under. And, they submitted, South Caro-
lina violated Ms. Edwards's rights under that provision when
it denied her the opportunity to select Planned Parenthood
as her healthcare provider. Agreeing with the plaintiffs' as-
sessment, the district court granted summary judgment to
them and entered a permanent injunction preventing the
State from excluding Planned Parenthood from its Medicaid
program. Planned Parenthood South Atlantic v. Baker,
487 F. Supp. 3d 443, 448 (SC 2020).
On appeal, the Fourth Circuit affrmed the district court's
Page Proof Pending Publication
decision. Planned Parenthood South Atlantic v. Kerr, 27
F. 4th 945 (2022). Writing separately, Judge Richardson ex-
pressed "confusion and uncertainty" about this Court's direc-
tions addressing when spending-power legislation creates
enforceable rights under. Id., at 959 (opinion concur-
ring in judgment). And he voiced "hop[e]" that we might
provide "clarity... soon." Ibid.
Seeking review of the Fourth Circuit's decision, the State
fled a petition for certiorari in this Court. In light of our
intervening decision in Talevski, in which we
addressed whether another spending-power statute created
rights, we granted the State's petition, va-
cated the decision of the court of appeals, and remanded the
case for further proceedings. Kerr v. Planned Parenthood
South Atlantic, (2023).
On remand, the court of appeals reaffrmed its earlier deci-
sion. 95 F. 4th, at 153. And, once more, Judge Richardson
wrote separately. Even after Talevski, he said, lower courts
"continue[d] to lack the guidance" they need from this Court
 Cite as: (2025) 367

Opinion of the Court

to determine when a federal spending-power statute creates
a right that private parties can enforce under. 95 F.
4th, at 170 (opinion concurring in judgment). Other circuit
judges have expressed similar concerns. See, e. g., Saint
Anthony Hospital v. Whitehorn, 132 F. 4th 962, 971 (CA7
2025) (en banc); id., at 982 (Hamilton, J., dissenting); New
York State Citizens' Coalition for Children v. Poole, 935
F. 3d 56, 60 (CA2 2019) (Livingston, J., dissenting from denial
of rehearing en banc).
In response to the Fourth Circuit's latest decision, the
State fled another petition for certiorari. In it, South Caro-
lina noted that other lower courts have disagreed with the
Fourth Circuit regarding whether (23)(A) confers
an individually enforceable right. Cf. Planned Parenthood
of Greater Tex. Family Planning & Preventative Health
Servs., Inc. v. Kauffman, 981 F. 3d 347, 350 (CA5 2020) (en
banc); Does v. Gillespie, 867 F. 3d 1034, 1037 (CA8 2017).
We agreed to hear the case. (2024).
Page Proof Pending Publication
II
To resolve the circuits' disagreement and address our
lower court colleagues' calls for clarifcation, we begin by
outlining how to determine whether a statute confers an in-
dividually enforceable right under.

A
The Constitution charges the Executive Branch with en-
forcing federal law. Art. II,. But sometimes Congress
also allows private parties to enforce the law through civil
litigation. In, Congress did just that, authorizing in-
dividuals to sue anyone who, under color of state law, de-
prives them of "rights, privileges, or immunities secured by
the Constitution and laws" of the United States.
Historically, individuals brought suits to vindicate
rights protected by the Constitution. But, in 1980, this
Court recognized that also authorizes private parties
368 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

to pursue violations of their federal statutory rights. Maine
v. Thiboutot,. Still, this Court has emphasized,
statutes create individual rights only in "atypical case[s]."
Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183. Routinely, of course, federal leg-
islation seeks to beneft one group or another. (Why pass
legislation otherwise?) But provides a cause of action
"only for the deprivation of `rights, privileges, or immuni-
ties,' " not " `benefts' or `interests.' " Gonzaga, 536 U. S.,
at 283.
To prove that a statute secures an enforceable right, privi-
lege, or immunity, and does not just provide a beneft or
protect an interest, a plaintiff must show that the law
in question "clear[ly] and unambiguous[ly]" uses "rights-
creating terms." Id., at 284, 290. In addition, the statute
must display " `an unmistakable focus' " on individuals like
the plaintiff. Id., at 284 (emphasis deleted); accord, Talev-
ski, 599 U. S., at 183. We have described this as a "strin-
Page Proof Pending Publication
gent" and "demanding" test. Id., at 180, 186; accord, post,
at 405 (Jackson, J., dissenting) (describing Gonzaga as set-
ting forth "a restrictive test"). And even for the rare stat-
ute that satisfes it, this Court has said, a action still
may not be available if Congress has displaced 's gen-
eral cause of action with a more specifc remedy. Rancho
Palos Verdes v. Abrams, (2005).
These rules seek to "vindicat[e] the separation of powers."
Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183. To be sure, there was a time in
the mid-20th century when "the Court assumed it to be a
proper judicial function to provide" whatever "remedies" it
deemed "necessary to make effective a statute's purpose."
Ziglar v. Abbasi, -- 132 (2017) (internal quo-
tation marks omitted). But, as this Court has since come to
appreciate, no statute pursues any single "purpos[e] at all
costs." American Express Co. v. Italian Colors Restau-
rant, (2013). And, often enough, Congress may "not wish to
pursue [a] provision's purpose to the extent of authorizing
 Cite as: (2025) 369

Opinion of the Court

private suits." Hernández v. Mesa, (2020).
After all, the decision whether to let private plaintiffs en-
force a new statutory right poses delicate questions of public
policy. New rights for some mean new duties for others.
And private enforcement actions, meritorious or not, can
force governments to direct money away from public serv-
ices and spend it instead on litigation. See ibid. The job
of resolving how best to weigh those competing costs and
benefts belongs to the people's elected representatives, not
unelected judges charged with applying the law as they fnd
it. See Alexander v. Sandoval, (2001);
Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 285.1

B
Though it is rare enough for any statute to confer an en-
forceable right, spending-power statutes like Medicaid are
especially unlikely to do so. The reasons why take a little
Page Proof Pending Publication
unpacking.
When Congress passes a law, say, regulating commerce be-
tween the States or outlawing piracy, it can point for author-
ity to the Commerce Clause, U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 3, or
the Piracies Clause, cl. 10. In enumerated areas like those,
the Constitution vests Congress with the power to regulate

1
Cannon v. University of Chicago, (1979), and its
aftermath illustrate the shift in this Court's approach. In Cannon, the
Court inferred new private causes of action from the terms of Title VI of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Title IX of the Education Amendments
of 1972. Though Congress later "ratifed Cannon's holding," Sandoval,
532 U. S., at 280, the Court has retreated from Cannon's reasoning, which
"exemplifed" an "expansive rights-creating approach" that later decisions
"abandoned," Franklin v. Gwinnett County Public Schools, (1992) (Scalia, J., concurring in judgment); see also Stoneridge Invest-
ment Partners, LLC v. Scientifc-Atlanta, Inc., -- 165
(2008). So while this Court
has said it remains bound by Cannon's "holdin[g]," it has emphasized
that the decision's "language" no longer controls. Sandoval, 532 U. S.,
at 282.
370 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

conduct. But when Congress distributes money, its author-
ity rests on a different footing.
The Constitution has no "Spending Clause," strictly speak-
ing. Instead, we usually trace Congress's spending power
to Article I, section eight, clause one, which gives Congress
the "Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and
Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common De-
fence and general Welfare of the United States." Unlike
other enumerated powers, this provision does not expressly
endow Congress with the power to regulate conduct. Nor
does it include "the power to issue direct orders to the gov-
ernments of the States." Murphy v. National Collegiate
Athletic Assn., (2018).
As the Court observed in United States v. Butler, the
meaning of Article I's "general welfare" language provoked
ferce debate right from the start. -- 67 (1936).
At one extreme, Gouverneur Morris thought it authorized
Page Proof Pending Publication
Congress to tax, spend, and regulate broadly in pursuit of
the "general Welfare." D. Schwartz, Mr. Madison's War on
the General Welfare Clause, 56 U. C. D. L. Rev. 887, 915
(2022). Alexander Hamilton took a more modest view. He
thought the language gave Congress the power to raise and
"appropriate money" for "objects" of "General" (as opposed
to "local") importance. Report on the Subject of Manufac-
tures (Dec. 5, 1791), in 10 Papers of Alexander Hamilton 230,
303 -- 304 (H. Syrett ed. 1966) (emphasis deleted). But he de-
nied that those powers included as well "a power to do what-
ever else should appear to Congress conducive to the General
Welfare." Ibid. James Madison advanced a narrower posi-
tion still. As he saw it, the language authorized Congress
to spend money only in support of its other enumerated pow-
ers. A. LaCroix, The Interbellum Constitution: Federalism
in the Long Founding Moment, 67 Stan. L. Rev. 397, 407
(2015) (LaCroix).
Over time, Hamilton's view gained ground. So, for exam-
ple, as Justice Story saw it, Congress may raise and "appro-
 Cite as: (2025) 371

Opinion of the Court

priat[e]... money" to advance the "general welfare." 3 J.
Story, Commentaries on the Constitution of the United
States, p. 150 (1833). But nothing in Article I, section
eight, clause one endows Congress with a power to regulate,
for if it did, the "enumeration of specifc powers" elsewhere
in Article I would be rendered largely pointless, and the Na-
tion would trade a limited federal government for "an unlim-
ited" one. 2 id., 906, pp. 367, 369; see also Butler,
297 U. S., at 66 (Justice Story's "reading... is the correct
one"); J. Monroe, Message From the President of the United
States 32 -- 33 (1822); E. Corwin, The Spending Power of Con-
gress -- Apropos the Maternity Act, 36 Harv. L. Rev. 548,
564 -- 566 (1923).
Consistent with this understanding, early courts described
federal grants not as commands but as contracts. Consider,
for example, how this Court approached a dispute concerning
the frst major federal highway. The Cumberland Road
Page Proof Pending Publication
once supplied a vital link between the East Coast and the
old Northwest. LaCroix 420. Starting in the 1830s, the
federal government gradually transferred control of the road
to several States. J. Young, A Political and Constitutional
Study of the Cumberland Road 78 -- 98 (1902). One transfer
to Ohio came with a condition: The State could not charge
tolls on wagons carrying federal property. Id., at 96 -- 98.
When a disagreement arose about the scope of that toll ex-
emption, this Court looked to "the expectations of the par-
ties," a familiar feature of contract law, to resolve it. Neil,
Moore & Co. v. Ohio, 3 How. 720, 741 (1845). In doing so, the
Court emphasized that it was enforcing requirements "well
known" to the parties when the "compact was made." Ibid.;
see also McGee v. Mathis, 4 Wall. 143, 155 (1866) ("It is not
doubted that the grant by the United States to the State
upon conditions, and the acceptance of the grant by the
State, constituted a contract").
At the same time, the Court recognized that agreements
between state and federal governments are not exactly the
372 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

same as contracts "between individuals. " Sear ight v.
Stokes, 3 How. 151, 167 (1845). In many respects, the Court
suggested, federal-state agreements are really more like
treaties between "two sovereignties." See Neil, Moore &
Co., 3 How., at 742. And, while treaties may seek to beneft
the citizens of the compacting nations, they generally do not
confer individually enforceable rights against a sovereign,
but "depen[d] for the enforcement of [their] provisions on...
the governments which are parties to" them. Head Money
Cases, (1884).2 Adapting this logic to the
context of federal grants, the Court concluded that, as a rule,
"Congress alone has the power to enforce" the conditions it
attaches to its grants. Emigrant Co. v. County of Adams,
(1879); see also Mills County v. Railroad
Cos., (1883).

C

Page
For muchProof Pending
of the Nation's Publication
history, the Court had little occa-
sion to employ these ideas. Congress rarely granted money
to States and, when it did, those grants rarely came with
many conditions. See D. Currie, The Constitution in Con-
gress: Democrats and Whigs, 1829 -- 1861, pp. 42 -- 45 (2005).
But that began to change during the New Deal. And when
disputes about those grant conditions arose, this Court re-
turned to the old contract and treaty analogies to ensure that
spending-power legislation did not pass the "point at which
pressure turns into compulsion." Steward Machine Co. v.
Davis, (1937); see also Massachusetts v.
Mellon, (1923); Butler, 297 U. S., at 73 -- 75;
Oklahoma v. Civil Serv. Comm'n, -- 144
2
Much the same holds true today. While treaties may beneft individu-
als or groups, this Court has said, "the background presumption" is that
treaties " `do not create private rights or provide for a private cause of
action.' " Medellín v. Texas, (2008) of Foreign Relations Law of the United States,
Comment a, p. 395 (1986); emphasis added).
 Cite as: (2025) 373

Opinion of the Court

(1947). The same analogies guided the Court, too, after fed-
eral grants exploded in the 1960s, generating "an unprece-
dented" wave of litigation in which private parties sought to
challenge state compliance with federal grant conditions. E.
Tomlinson & J. Mashaw, The Enforcement of Federal Stand-
ards in Grant-In-Aid Programs: Suggestions for Benefciary
Involvement, 58 Va. L. Rev. 600, 630 (1972).3
Take Pennhurst. There, private plaintiffs sought to sue
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for failing to fulfll the
terms of a federal healthcare grant. 451 U. S., at 6. In as-
sessing whether the suit could proceed, the Court began by
observing that "legislation enacted pursuant to the spending
power is much in the nature of a contract: in return for fed-
eral funds, the States agree to comply with federally im-
posed conditions." Id., at 17. And the "typical remedy for
state noncompliance" with a federal grant's conditions is an
"action by the Federal Government to terminate funds to
the State." Id., at 28. Given these principles, the Court
Page Proof Pending Publication
reasoned, whether a private party may sue to enforce the
terms of a federal grant depends on "whether the State vol-
untarily and knowingly" consented to answer private claims
as part of its bargain with the federal government. Id., at
17. And to satisfy this standard, the Court held, a plaintiff
must show, at a minimum, that Congress alerted the State
in advance, "clear[ly]" and "unambiguously," that responding
to private enforcement suits was a condition of its offer.
Ibid.4
3
Between 1940 and 2023, federal outlays to state and local governments
increased by more than 50 times in constant dollars. Offce of Manage-
ment and Budget, Historical Tables, Budget of the United States Govern-
ment, Summary Comparison of Total Outlays for Grants to State and
Local Governments: 1940 -- 2029 (2024) (Table 12.1), https://www.govinfo.gov/app/details/BUDGET-2025-TAB/BUDGET-2025-TAB-13-1.
4
Beyond the rule that Congress must clearly and unambiguously alert
States to conditions associated with federal funding, our cases have articu-
lated other limits on spending-power legislation. First, as previously ob-
served, "the exercise of the spending power must be in pursuit of `the
374 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

In Gonzaga, the Court restated these principles and ex-
plored how they interact with. Spending-power leg-
islation, the Court explained, cannot provide the basis for a
enforcement suit unless Congress "speaks with a clear
voice, and manifests an unambiguous intent to confer individ-
ual rights." 536 U. S., at 280 (alteration and internal quota-
tion marks omitted). Only that kind of "unmistakable" no-
tice, the Court said, suffces to alert grantees that they might
be subject "to private suits... whenever they fail to comply
with a federal funding condition." Id., at 286 -- 287, and. And, the Court con-
cluded, because the statute at issue before it did not clearly
and unambiguously confer a "right to support a cause of ac-
tion brought under," the plaintiff's suit could not pro-
ceed. Id., at 283, 290.5

general welfare,' " rather than private or merely local interests. South
Page Proof
Dakota v. Dole, Pending, Publication
207 (1987); see supra, at 370. Second, grant
conditions must relate "to the federal interest in particular national proj-
ects or programs." Dole, 483 U. S., at 207 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). Third, "other constitutional provisions may provide an independent
bar to the conditional grant of federal funds." Id., at 208. Finally,
spending-power conditions are legitimate only if the State's acceptance of
them is in fact voluntary. National Federation of Independent Business
v. Sebelius, -- 582 (2012) (opinion of Roberts, C. J.); see
also id., at 676 ( joint dissent of Scalia, Kennedy, Thomas, and Alito, JJ.).
5
Gonzaga involved federal funds granted to a private university, not a
State. But our spending-power cases have applied similar principles to
state and private recipients of federal aid. See, e. g., Cummings v. Pre-
mier Rehab Keller, -- 220 (2022). Whether a State or
private recipient is involved, after all, actions to enforce federal
statutes present a question sounding in the separation of powers, given
that it is for Congress, not the courts, to confer "rights upon a class of
benefciaries" suffcient to support a cause of action. See Gonzaga, 536
U. S., at 285; Part II -- A, supra. And grants to private parties can risk
altering the Constitution's balance of federal-state authority, too, by ex-
panding federal regulation beyond Congress's enumerated powers and into
areas traditionally reserved for the States. See Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at
286, and ; cf. Gregory v. Ashcroft, -- 461 (1991).
 Cite as: (2025) 375

Opinion of the Court

Just two Terms ago, we reaffrmed these points. In Ta-
levski, the Court faced another private suit alleging
that recipients of federal funding had violated grant condi-
tions. To decide whether the plaintiffs could proceed, we
turned to Gonzaga, recognizing that it "sets forth our estab-
lished method" for analyzing suits like that. Talevski, 599
U. S., at 183. In doing so, we reiterated that the relevant
"[s]tatutory provisions must unambiguously confer individ-
ual federal rights" before a claim might proceed. Id.,
at 180. That standard, we emphasized, is a "demanding
bar" and a "signifcant hurdle" that will be cleared only in
the "atypical case." Id., at 180, 183 -- 184. And, applying
that test, we found the statutes in question satisfed it pre-
cisely because they "expressly" employed the sort of clear
and unambiguous "rights-creating language" Gonzaga de-
mands. 599 U. S., at 184, 186.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Admittedly, this Court briefy experimented with a differ-
ent approach, and that fact has given rise to some confusion
in the lower courts. For a time, as we have seen, the Court
sometimes took an expansive view of its power to imply pri-
vate causes of action to enforce federal laws. See Part II -- 
A, supra. Moved by the same spirit, the Court sometimes
took a broad view of its authority to confer new rights under
spending-power statutes that did not expressly provide
them. In Wilder v. Virginia Hospital Association, for ex-
ample, the Court suggested that spending-power legislation
can give rise to an enforceable right under so long as
the legislation is "intended to beneft the putative plaintiff "
and the plaintiff 's interest in the statute is not "too vague
and amorphous." (1990) (alteration and
internal quotation marks omitted); see Wright v. Roanoke
Redevelopment and Housing Authority, -- 
424, 431 -- 432 (1987). Building on those same ideas in Bless-
ing v. Freestone, the Court outlined a three-factor test for
recognizing new privately enforceable rights. MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

340 -- 341 (1997). Some lower court judges, including in this
case, still consult Wilder, Wright, and Blessing when asking
whether a spending-power statute creates an enforceable in-
dividual right. See, e. g., 95 F. 4th, at 163 -- 165; id., at 170
(Richardson, J., concurring in judgment).
They should not. Gonzaga "reject[ed]" any reading of our
prior cases that would "permit anything short of an unam-
biguously conferred right to support a cause of action
brought under." 536 U. S., at 283. Armstrong "re-
pudiate[d]" any other approach. 575 U. S., at 330, n. And
Talevski reaffrmed that "Gonzaga sets forth our established
method" for determining whether a spending-power statute
confers individual rights. 599 U. S., at 183.
All of these warnings came for now-familiar reasons. Be-
cause spending-power legislation is "in the nature of a con-
tract," a grantee must "voluntarily and knowingly" consent
to answer private enforcement suits before they may
proceed. Pennhurst, 451 U. S., at 17; see id., at 28. And
Page Proof Pending Publication
that consent cannot be fairly inferred if the federal spending-
power statute fails to provide "clear and unambiguous" no-
tice that it creates a personally enforceable right. Gonzaga,
536 U. S., at 290. To the extent lower courts feel obliged,
or permitted, to consider the contrary reasoning of Wilder,
Wright, or Blessing, they should resist the impulse.
III
With these principles in hand, we turn to the question
whether the plaintiffs before us may maintain a suit
to enforce Medicaid's any-qualifed-provider provision. To
succeed, they must show, at a minimum, that 
(23)(A) does not just seek to beneft them or serve their
interests but "clear[ly] and unambiguous[ly]" gives them
individual federal rights. Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 290.6
6
As we have seen, the plaintiffs must also show that the provision in
question displays "an unmistakable focus" on individuals like them. Gon-
zaga, 536 U. S., at 284 (emphasis deleted; internal quotation marks omit-
 Cite as: (2025) 377

Opinion of the Court

Since Pennhurst, this Court has identifed only three sets
of spending-power statutes that confer enforceable rights
under -- those at issue in Wright, Wilder, and Talevski.
But given this Court's longstanding repudiation of Wright
and Wilder's reasoning, the statutes at issue in Talevski sup-
ply the only reliable yardstick against which to measure
whether spending-power legislation confers a privately en-
forceable right.
Talevski addressed two provisions of the Federal Nursing
Home Reform Act (FNHRA). See 599 U. S., at 181 -- 182.
The frst obliged nursing-home facilities to "protect and pro-
mote" residents' "right to be free from" unnecessary "physi-
cal or chemical restraints." 42 U. S. C. (1)(A)(ii). The second appeared in a subparagraph
titled "[t]ransfer and discharge rights." (2)(A). And both provisions sat in a subsection
called "[r]equirements relating to residents' r ights. "
Page Proof Pending Publication.
The any-qualifed-provider provision before us looks noth-
ing like those FNHRA provisions. Section 1396a(a)(23)(A)
indicates that state Medicaid plans must "provide that...
any individual eligible for medical assistance (including
drugs) may obtain such assistance from any institution,
agency, community pharmacy, or person, qualifed to perform
the service or services required... who undertakes to pro-
vide him such services." Doubtless, this language speaks to
what a State must do to participate in Medicaid, and a State
that fails to fulfll its duty might lose federal funding.
Doubtless, too, this provision seeks to beneft both providers
and patients. But missing from (23)(A) is any-
thing like FNHRA's clear and unambiguous "rights-creating

ted). And even then, a action may not be available if Congress has
displaced that general cause of action with a more specifc remedy. See
supra, at 368. To resolve this case, however, we need not reach those
questions.
378 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

language." Talevski, 599 U. S., at 186.
To be sure, Congress could have taken a different ap-
proach when drafting (23)(A). In fact, FNHRA
offers an example almost perfectly on point. One of its pro-
visions gives nursing-home residents the right to choose
their own attending physicians. Here is the provision in
context:
"(c) Requirements relating to residents' rights
"(1) General rights
"(A) Specifed rights
"A nursing facility must protect and promote the
rights of each resident, including each of the following
rights:
"(i) Free choice
"The right to choose a personal attending physician....".
Page Proof Pending Publication
As this language shows, Congress knows how to give a
grantee clear and unambiguous notice that, if it accepts fed-
eral funds, it may face private suits asserting an individual
right to choose a medical provider. Tellingly, too, Congress
adopted this FNHRA provision in legislation that also
amended (23). Yet Congress's work in the two
provisions could not have been more different. See 101
Stat. 1330 -- 152; Talevski, 599 U. S., at 181,. Someday,
Congress might choose to revise (23) to resemble
FNHRA. But that is not the law we have. Cf. Feliciano
v. Department of Transportation, (2025).
The remainder of (23) only serves to confrm our
conclusion. After announcing that state Medicaid plans
must allow individuals to obtain care from any qualifed pro-
vider, the provision proceeds to carve out various exceptions
to that rule. So, for example, the statute allows States to
exclude from their Medicaid programs certain providers
"convicted of a felony" -- and, what is more, to "determin[e]"
 Cite as: (2025) 379

Opinion of the Court

which felony convictions qualify for that exclusion.
(23)(B). All that makes perfect sense if
(23)(A) speaks only to a State's duties to the federal
government. But it is an arrangement a good deal harder
to understand if (23)(A) also confers an individually
enforceable right, for that would mean Congress sought to
convey a right against the States in one breath but let States
control its scope in the next.
Expanding our view beyond (23) to the surround-
ing statutory context yields similar clues. To continue re-
ceiving federal funding, the Medicaid Act says, a State need
only "comply substantially" with the any-qualifed-provider
mandate.. And, as this Court recognized in Gon-
zaga, that focus on " `aggregate' " compliance suggests that a
statute addresses a State's obligations to the federal govern-
ment, not the rights " `of any particular person.' " 536 U. S.,
at 288. Sometimes, we appreciate, a provision may over-
Page Proof Pending Publication
come this weighty statutory evidence. In Talevski, after
all, the Court found two FNHRA provisions to confer indi-
vidual rights even though that statute also speaks of "sub-
stantial compliance." See Brief for Respondents 35 -- 36.
But, at risk of repetition, the provisions at issue there
employed explicit and unmistakable " `rights-creating lan-
guage,' " 599 U. S., at 186, and (23)(A) does not.
Notable, too, is where Congress placed the any-qualifed-
provider provision. It appears in a subsection titled
"Contents.". That subsection outlines scores of
things a state plan must include to qualify for federal fund-
ing. Ibid. Those requirements do not appear in any dis-
cernible order, and the any-qualifed-provider provision does
not crop up until paragraph 23 of 87. All of 's re-
quirements are directed to the Secretary of Health and
Human Services, who must "approve any plan" that meets
them. ; see Armstrong, 575 U. S., at 331 -- 332 (plu-
rality opinion). None of this may suffce to prove that
the any-qualifed-provider provision is unenforceable under
380 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court. See -- 2. But it does show, once more, that
the statute before us stands in stark contrast to the ones
we faced in Talevski, where Congress set its rights-creating
provisions apart from others and, in doing so, helped alert
grantees that accepting federal funds comes with a duty to
answer private suits.
Observe, as well, what it would mean if (23)(A)
did create an individually enforceable right. Many other
Medicaid plan requirements would likely do the same. And
instead of remaining "atypical" exceptions, as our cases have
said they are, rights-creating provisions might more nearly
become the rule. Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183.
Take one example. See Brief for United States as Ami-
cus Curiae 27 -- 29 (offering others). Section 1396a(a)(32) fol-
lows several paragraphs down from the any-qualifed-
provider provision. It requires state Medicaid plans to
"provide," with certain exceptions, "that no payment under
the plan for any care or service provided to an individual
Page Proof Pending Publication
shall be made to anyone other than such individual or the
person or institution providing such care or service." As
the plaintiffs acknowledge, this provision "uses language
with some similarities to" (23)(A). Brief for Re-
spondents 38 -- 39. Both speak in mandatory terms ("must... provide"; "shall"). Both discuss "individual[s]." Nei-
ther mentions "rights." Yet, while the plaintiffs insist that
paragraph (23)(A) clearly and unambiguously creates an indi-
vidual right, they suggest that a court could reasonably "de-
termine" that paragraph (32) "does not." Ibid. ). Rather than try
to square that circle, we think the better course is the one
our precedents suggest: Neither paragraph uses clear and
unambiguous rights-creating language, so neither supports a
private suit under.
IV
Seeking to persuade us otherwise, the plaintiffs and dis-
sent offer four principal counterarguments.
 Cite as: (2025) 381

Opinion of the Court

First, the plaintiffs and dissent appeal to legislative his-
tory. The hearings and committee reports leading to
(23)(A)'s adoption, they say, reveal that Congress
meant for the statute to secure an individual right. See
Brief for Respondents 30 -- 32; see also post, at 399, 408 -- 409
(Jackson, J., dissenting). But that does not move the nee-
dle. When it comes to interpreting the law, speculation
about what Congress may have intended matters far less
than what Congress actually enacted. See Epic Systems
Corp. v. Lewis, (2018) ("[L]egislative his-
tory is not the law"). And that goes double for spending-
power statutes, where "the key is not what a majority of the
Members of both Houses intend but what the States are
clearly told." Arlington Central School Dist. Bd. of Ed. v.
Murphy, (2006).7
Second, the plaintiffs and dissent contend, Congress mod-
eled (23)(A) on a Medicare provision titled " `Free
Page Proof Pending Publication
choice by patient guaranteed.' " 79 Stat. 291, 42 U. S. C.. It reads: "Any individual entitled to insurance ben-
efts under this subchapter may obtain health services from
any... person qualifed to participate under this subchapter
if such... person undertakes to provide him such services.". And because that Medicare provision "confer[s]
an individual right," the plaintiffs and dissent reason, its

7
If anything, the legislative history of the any-qualifed-provider provi-
sion illustrates the pitfalls of trying to equate an unenacted legislative
record with the law. On the plaintiffs' telling, Congress frst enacted the
any-qualifed-provider provision "to prevent [the] second-class treatment"
of Medicaid patients, as exemplifed by Puerto Rico's policy of requiring
them "to be treated only at designated government facilities." Brief for
Respondents 30 ).
And yet (23), as it stands today, expressly excludes Puerto Rican
benefciaries from its protections. See (23)(B) ("[T]his para-
graph shall not apply in the case of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and
Guam").
382 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

Medicaid offshoot must as well. Brief for Respondents 34;
see post, at 409 (Jackson, J., dissenting).
This argument stumbles out of the gate. Its premise -- 
that confers an enforceable right -- is questionable.
As the plaintiffs admit, "[n]o court has addressed whether a
Medicare benefciary can enforce this provision under Sec-
tion 1983." Brief for Respondents 34,. Even overlook-
ing that defciency, another quickly emerges. While the title
of "guarantee[s]" a patient's "free choice" of pro-
vider -- and while the plaintiffs and dissent insist this lan-
guage can create a right -- the any-qualifed-provider provi-
sion never uses "guarantee" or its equivalent. So if the
comparison between the Medicaid and Medicare provisions
reveals anything, it is that Congress did not include in
(23)(A) the language from that the plaintiffs
and dissent think most likely to confer enforceable rights.
Third, instead of grappling meaningfully with the test our
precedents provide, the dissent proposes to rewrite it. In
Page Proof Pending Publication
the dissent's view, a statute confers a privately enforceable
right whenever it uses "compulsory" and "individual-centric
terminology," as long as it also evokes "language classically
associated with establishing rights." Post, at 408 (opinion
of Jackson, J.). When it comes to that last requirement, the
dissent reasons this way: Congress enacted (23)(A)
under the title "free choice by individuals eligible for medical
assistance," 81 Stat. 903 (capitalization omitted); the phrase
"free choice" calls to the dissent's mind a phrase from the
First Amendment ("free exercise" of religion); that Amend-
ment declares rights; so (23)(A) likely must as well.
Post, at 408 (opinion of Jackson, J.).
Our precedents do not authorize anything like the dissent's
approach -- and for good reasons. To start, while a title may
underscore that the statutory text creates a right, "[i]t has
long been established that the title of an Act cannot enlarge
or confer powers" by itself. Pennhurst, 451 U. S., at 19,
; see A. Scalia & B.
Garner, Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts
 Cite as: (2025) 383

Opinion of the Court

221 -- 224 (2012). That must be especially so where, as here,
Congress chose not to enact into the U. S. Code the very title
on which the dissent relies. See 81 Stat. 903 (enacting the
title of a different section, but not "free choice by individuals
eligible for medical assistance," into the U. S. Code (capital-
ization omitted)).
Even beyond that, the dissent's test would risk obliterat-
ing the longstanding line between mere benefts and enforce-
able rights. See supra, at 368, 375, 376. If, as the dissent
says, (23)(A) creates an enforceable right because it
contains "compulsory" and "individual-centric terminology"
plus an iffy analogy to the Bill of Rights, then many other
provisions (in Medicaid and elsewhere) previously thought to
confer only benefts would suddenly create rights instead.
Supra, at 380. All despite Talevski's insight just two Terms
ago that, while many statutes supply benefts, only "atypical"
statutes confer enforceable rights under. 599 U. S., at
183. To be sure, the dissent assures us that other Medicaid
Page Proof Pending Publication
provisions are distinguishable from this one. Post, at 414 -- 
415 (opinion of Jackson, J.). How? Not based on their text
(which the dissent never addresses) but, it seems, based on
an unspoken judicial intuition that the provision before us is
just more important than others. So, on top of all its other
faws, the dissent's approach would leave States guessing
about the terms of their deals with the federal government
and invite courts to revive their long-abandoned approach
of usurping Congress's role in creating rights and remedies.
Supra, at 369.8
8
We agree with the dissent that we did not grant certiorari to resolve
"whether and to what extent O'Bannon [v. Town Court Nursing Center,
(1980)] bears on the scope of " (23)(A). Post, at 409 -- 
410,. But since the dissent relies heavily on that decision, post, at 409 -- 
410, we should make plain that we read it as consistent with all we have said.
O'Bannon held only that residents of a nursing facility had no right under
the Due Process Clause to a hearing before a State ended that facility's
participation in its Medicaid program. 447 U. S., at 775, 790. To the ex-
tent O'Bannon addressed any right, then, it was an asserted property
right under the Due Process Clause, not a clear and unambiguous statu-
384 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

Fourth and fnally, the plaintiffs and dissent advance a pol-
icy argument. Only litigation, they submit, can give
the any-qualifed-provider provision the teeth it needs. Yes,
they acknowledge, the federal government can audit States'
compliance with (23)(A) and withhold some or all
Medicaid funds from noncompliant States. Brief for Re-
spondents 44. But, the plaintiffs and dissent insist, the fed-
eral government has neither the capacity nor the appetite
for taking that "drastic step." Ibid.; see Tr. of Oral Arg.
110; see also post, at 398 -- 399 (Jackson, J., dissenting).
This argument suffers from a number of problems. For
one, this Court has specifcally rejected the notion that "the
cut-off of funding" is "too massive" a remedy "to be a realis-
tic source of relief " for violations of provisions.
Armstrong, 575 U. S., at 331. To the contrary, this Court
has called funding cutoffs "the typical remedy" when a grant
recipient violates the terms of spending-power legislation.
Pennhurst, 451 U. S., at 17, 28.
Page Proof Pending Publication
For another, funding cutoffs may not be the only way to
enforce (23)(A). Like other States, South Carolina
has an administrative process that lets providers challenge
their exclusion from the State's Medicaid program. See
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 30; Gillespie, 867
tory right under. Id., at 779. Notably, too, O'Bannon expressly
recognized that 42 U. S. C. (23) "does not confer a right on a
recipient... to continue to receive benefts for care [from a provider] that
has been decertifed." 447 U. S., at 785. And that is precisely the right
the plaintiffs assert here.
Separately, the dissent suggests that amicus briefs the government fled
in other cases might suffce to supply States with notice of a condition
attached to federal funding. Post, at 412, and (opinion of Jackson,
J.). But, as this case attests, the government's views can shift from ad-
ministration to administration. And our decisions have never suggested
that anything less than clear statutory language can supply States with
the unambiguous notice required. Instead, given the separation of pow-
ers and federalism concerns we have outlined, our decisions have always
"insist[ed] that Congress speak with a clear voice." Pennhurst State
School and Hospital v. Halderman, (1981).
 Cite as: (2025) 385

Opinion of the Court

F. 3d, at 1038. That process can culminate with state judi-
cial review -- and, if necessary, with a petition for certiorari
to this Court. See S. C. Code Ann. -- 23 -- 380 (Cum. Supp.
2024). Indeed, Planned Parenthood itself pursued just such
an administrative claim at one point. See App. 61 -- 63.
For another thing still, if existing remedies prove insuff-
cient, Congress can create new ones. So, for example, it
might do as it did in FNHRA and revise (23)(A)
to provide States with clear and unambiguous notice of an
individually enforceable right. Of course, as we have ob-
served, a decision like that comes with tradeoffs. At their
best, individual suits under can vindicate plaintiffs'
rights while pushing States to fulfll their obligations. But
private enforcement does not always beneft the public, not
least because it requires States to divert money and atten-
tion away from social services and toward litigation. And
balancing those costs and benefts poses a question of public
policy that, under our system of government, only Congress
Page Proof Pending Publication
may answer. See Sandoval, 532 U. S., at 286; Gonzaga, 536
U. S., at 285 -- 286.9
*
Section 1983 permits private plaintiffs to sue for violations
of federal spending-power statutes only in "atypical" situa-
tions, Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183, where the provision in ques-
tion "clear[ly]" and "unambiguous[ly]" confers an individual
"right," Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 290. Section 1396a(a)(23)(A)
is not such a statute. Because the Fourth Circuit concluded
9
In the end, the dissent resorts to the extravagant charge that our deci-
sion represents the "latest chapter" in a "project of stymying... civil
rights." Post, at 397 (opinion of Jackson, J.); see also post, at 418. As
we have explained at length, our decision simply applies the same test this
Court applied in Gonzaga and again in Talevski (with the support of to-
day's dissenters). And in doing so, we reach the unsurprising conclusion
that it generally belongs to the federal government to supervise compli-
ance with its own spending programs. As the dissenters themselves put
it in Talevski, spending-power legislation creates privately enforceable
rights only in "atypical case[s]." 599 U. S., at 183. Our decision merely
recognizes that this case is not an atypical one.
386 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Thomas, J., concurring

otherwise, its judgment is reversed and the case is remanded
for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
Justice Thomas, concurring.
Individual plaintiffs may invoke Rev. Stat., 42
U. S. C., to sue state or local offcials who have de-
prived them of "any rights, privileges, or immunities secured
by the Constitution and laws." In other words, pro-
vides a mechanism for plaintiffs to enforce constitutional or
statutory provisions that confer personally held federal
rights. The Court correctly holds today that 
(23)(A) of the Medicaid Act is not such a provision. Its deci-
sion properly limits plaintiffs' ability to bring suits
premised on conditional spending legislation, and I join in
full. I write separately because it behooves us to reexamine
more broadly this Court's jurisprudence, which bears
Page Proof Pending Publication
little resemblance to the statute as originally understood.
In appropriate cases, we should reassess 's bounds, in-
cluding its application in the spending context and our under-
standing of the "rights" enforceable under.

I
The history of makes clear that the statute has
exceeded its original limits. Section 1983 originated as a
narrow, Reconstruction era statute.

A
Congress enacted as of the Civil Rights Act of
1871, 17 Stat. 13. The 1871 Act was designed "to enforce
the Provisions of the Fourteenth Amendment," ibid., "in re-
sponse to an ongoing pattern of violence and intimidation"
against former slaves, W. Baude, J. Goldsmith, J. Manning, J.
Pfander, & A. Tyler, Hart and Wechsler's The Federal
Courts and the Federal System 1279 (8th ed. 2025) (Hart &
 Cite as: (2025) 387

Thomas, J., concurring

Wechsler). In its original form, provided a means by
which private plaintiffs could obtain redress from state and
local offcials for certain constitutional violations:
"Be it enacted... That any person who, under color
of any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or
usage of any State, shall subject, or cause to be sub-
jected, any person within the jurisdiction of the United
States to the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or
immunities secured by the Constitution of the United
States, shall... be liable to the party injured in any
action at law, suit in equity, or other proper proceeding
for redress...." 17 Stat. 13.
In 1874, Congress extended 's reach to some statu-
tory violations, amending the language on "rights, privileges,
or immunities" to encompass "rights... secured by the Con-
stitution and laws." Rev. Stat..
Congress made this change as part of a general 1874 revision
Page Proof Pending Publication
that aimed to "simplify, organize, and consolidate all federal
statutes" into a single volume. Chapman v. Houston Wel-
fare Rights Organization, (1979) (Powell,
J., concurring). In undertaking this revision, Congress "did
not intend... to alter the content of federal statutory law,"
id., at 625, but only to "reproduc[e]" the "existing laws," with
"such additions... as shall give to these provisions their
intended effect," H. R. Misc. Doc. No. 31, 40th Cong., 3d
Sess., 2 (1869).
Section 1983 has remained virtually unchanged, with only
relatively minor revisions. The current provision allows in-
jured parties to sue state and local offcials for "the depriva-
tion of any rights, privileges, or immunities secured by the
Constitution and laws" that they cause "under color of "
state law.
B
Although the text of has remained largely constant,
the judicial understanding of its scope is an entirely different
388 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Thomas, J., concurring

matter. At the time of its enactment, " was the least
controversial provision in the 1871 Act, attracting little at-
tention or debate." Crawford-El v. Britton, 93 F. 3d 813,
829 -- 830 (CADC 1996) (en banc) (Silberman, J., concurring).
The "provision spawned relatively few cases for many dec-
ades." Hart & Wechsler 1280. By one count, "there were
only 21 cases decided under in its frst 50 years."
Crawford-El, 93 F. 3d, at 830 (Silberman, J., concurring).
When courts did face cases, they construed the stat-
ute narrowly. This Court early on deemed 's protec-
tion of "rights, privileges, or immunities" to "refer to civil
rights only." Holt v. Indiana Mfg. Co., 
(1900). The Court "never was precise about what these civil
rights were," but case law generally focused on "the rights
that Congress had delineated in the Civil Rights Act of
1866," which "mandated racial equality respecting a citizen's
ability to sue and be a party in state court, to testify, to
Page Proof Pending Publication
make contracts, and to buy, sell, and inherit property." M.
Collins, "Economic Rights," Implied Constitutional Actions,
and the Scope of Section 1983, 77 Geo. L. J. 1493, 1500 -- 1501
(1989) (Collins); see 14 Stat. 27, as amended, 42 U. S. C.
-- 1982. Courts later coalesced around then-Justice
Stone's view that the relevant rights were "one[s] of personal
liberty," such as free speech and assembly, but not "property
rights." Hague v. Committee for Industrial Organization, 531 (1939); see Maine v. Thiboutot, -- 28, and nn. 17 -- 18 (1980) (Powell, J., dissenting)
(discussing then-Justice Stone's "prevailing view"). The
courts also adopted "a restrictive reading of the statute's ref-
erence to rights `secured by' the Constitution and laws," con-
struing that phrase to "exclud[e] rights that did not... take
their origin in or derive `directly' from the Constitution or
federal law." Collins 1502 -- 1503, and nn. 59 -- 60.
This Court's jurisprudence took a sharp turn when
the Court decided Monroe v. Pape, (1961).
 Cite as: (2025) 389

Thomas, J., concurring

Prior to Monroe, was understood to impose liability
only for actions "taken by offcials pursuant to state law."
Id., at 184; see Crawford-El v. Britton, 
(1998) (Scalia, J., dissenting). But, Monroe held that an of-
fcial acts "under color of law" and becomes subject to the
statute so long as he "is clothed with the authority of state
law," regardless of whether the State has authorized his ac-
tions. 365 U. S., at 184, 187 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). As a result, individuals can now bring actions
for "violations committed without the authority of any" state
law or "indeed even... violations committed in stark viola-
tion of state civil or criminal law." Crawford-El, 523 U. S.,
at 611 (Scalia, J., dissenting). Monroe thus "breathed new
life" into. E. Zagrans, "Under Color Of " What Law:
A Reconstructed Model of Section 1983 Liability, 71 Va.
L. Rev. 499, 500 -- 501 (1985).
The Court continued to broaden in the years that
Page Proof Pending Publication
followed. In Lynch v. Household Finance Corp., (1972), it rejected then-Justice Stone's exclusion of
" `property' rights" from the scope of. Id., at 542.
Then, in 1980, the Court recognized for the frst time in Thi-
boutot that could reach statutory violations in addition
to constitutional ones. See 448 U. S., at 4 -- 5; ante, at 367 -- 
368. The upshot of these decisions was that can reach
"any and all violations" of rights secured by the Constitution
or federal law. Health and Hospital Corporation of Marion
Cty. v. Talevski, (2023) (Thomas, J., dis-
senting); see Dennis v. Higgins, (1991);
Thiboutot, 448 U. S., at 4 -- 5. Moreover, under the Court's
modern standard, a right is "secured by" the Constitution or
federal law as long as it "unambiguously confer[s] individual
rights upon a class of benefciaries," and Congress did not
manifest any contrary intent to make unavailable.
Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183, 186. The consequence is that litigants can now invoke
390 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Thomas, J., concurring

to challenge myriad "state actions that have little or
nothing to do with" civil rights. Thiboutot, 448 U. S., at 25
(Powell, J., dissenting).1
This jurisprudential shift has transformed litiga-
tion. In 1961, the year the Court issued Monroe, federal
courts heard just 296 civil rights actions. Crawford-El, 93
F. 3d, at 830 (Silberman, J., concurring). Post-Monroe,
courts have faced a "deluge" of flings numbering in
the tens of thousands each year. R. Aldisert, Judicial
Expansion of Federal Jurisdiction: A Federal Judge's
Thoughts on Section 1983, Comity and the Federal Caseload,
1973 Law & Social Order 557, 563; see Federal Judicial Cen-
ter, M. Schwartz, Section 1983 Litigation 4 (3d ed. 2014)
("Each year the federal courts face dockets flled with huge
numbers of cases").2 Section 1983 has become "easily
the most important statute authorizing suits against state
offcials for violations of the Constitution and [federal] laws."
Hart & Wechsler 1280. Notwithstanding its origins as an
Page Proof Pending Publication
"extraordinary remedy passed during Reconstruction to pro-
tect basic civil rights against oppressive state action," 

1
To be sure, our jurisprudence is not without guardrails. As
today's decision emphasizes, few federal laws truly "secure" individual
rights: Our cases in the spending-power context make clear that federal
laws unambiguously confer such rights "only in `atypical case[s],' " where
a statutory provision meets a " `stringent' and `demanding' test." Ante,
at 368 ). But, limits like this one do not
alter the overall thrust of our case law.
2
In the 12-month period before September 30, 2024, federal district
courts docketed over 65,000 new civil rights actions. See U. S. Courts,
U. S. District Courts -- Civil Cases Commenced, by Nature of Suit, During
the 12-Month Periods Ending Sept. 30, 2020 through 2024 (Table C -- 2A),
https://uscourts.gov/sites/default/files/2025-01/jb_c2a_0930.2024.pdf. Al-
though the data is not granular enough to determine the precise number
of cases within this total, cases undoubtedly make up a siz-
able fraction. Cf. C. Whitman, Constitutional Torts, 79 Mich. L. Rev. 5,
6, (1980) ("In practice, virtually all civil rights cases fled against
states in federal court include a claim").
 Cite as: (2025) 391

Thomas, J., concurring

now serves as "simply one more weapon in the litigant's arse-
nal." Dennis, 498 U. S., at 465 (Kennedy, J., dissenting).

II
The "scant resemblance" between today and 
as it was traditionally understood creates good reason to
doubt our modern understanding. Crawford-El, 523 U. S.,
at 611 (Scalia, J., dissenting). After all, a statute's meaning
turns on what its words "conveyed to reasonable people at
the time they were written." A. Scalia & B. Garner, Read-
ing Law 16 (2012). To ensure that we are not "elevat[ing]
demonstrably erroneous decisions" over "duly enacted fed-
eral law," we should in appropriate cases revisit the proper
bounds of. Gamble v. United States, (2019) (Thomas, J., concurring). Although the potential
problems are numerous, this case implicates two in particu-
lar: the extension of into the spending-power context,
Page Proof Pending Publication
and an ahistorically modern understanding of the "rights"
protected by.3
A
As I explained at length in Talevski, this Court has erred
in extending into the spending-power context. See
599 U. S., at 196 -- 230 (dissenting opinion). Section 1983 pro-
vides a means to redress the deprivation of "rights, privi-
leges, or immunities secured by the Constitution and laws."

3
I have elsewhere identifed other questionable aspects of our 
jurisprudence. For example, there is reason to doubt the broad reading
of 's "under color of " language in Monroe v. Pape, 
(1961). See Baxter v. Bracey, 590 U. S. -- -- -- , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- , (2020)
(Thomas, J., dissenting from denial of certiorari). Given 's Recon-
struction era context, it also is questionable whether statutory ac-
tions can be based on laws besides those "enacted under Congress' Recon-
struction Amendments enforcement powers." Talevski, 599 U. S., at 225,
(Thomas, J., dissenting). And, reexamination may be warranted as
to whether even supplies a freestanding cause of action. See Wil-
liams v. Reed, n. (2025) (Thomas, J., dissenting).
392 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Thomas, J., concurring

But, legislation enacted under Congress's spending power
cannot "secure" rights as required by.
This conclusion fows from a proper understanding of
spending legislation. An exercise of Congress's power to
spend "is no more than a disposition of funds." Id., at 196.
That description holds even when Congress imposes condi-
tions on the receipt of federal funds: Conditional spending
legislation amounts to a "contractual offer," whose conditions
"have no effect... unless and until they are freely accepted
by the" recipient. Id., at 196, 201. It thus is " `only the
agreement -- and not the statute -- [that] makes the terms
obligatory on the funds recipient.' " Id., at 204.
In other words, conditional spending legislation does not
itself "secure any rights." Id., at 201. It cannot "make cer-
tain" or "guarantee" the obligations imposed by the spending
conditions. J. Worcester, A Dictionary of the English Lan-
guage 1299 (1860); accord, Webster's New International Dic-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tionary 1911 (1909). Accordingly, any third parties who ben-
eft from those obligations cannot derive an enforceable
federal right from the legislation: "[S]uch third-party rights... are `secured' (if at all)... only by the contract between
the recipient and the United States." Talevski, 599 U. S., at
205 (Thomas, J., dissenting) (some internal quotation marks
omitted).
Were it otherwise, conditional spending legislation would
be unconstitutional. When the would-be recipient of federal
funds is a State, treating spending conditions as imposing
mandatory obligations "would contradict the bedrock consti-
tutional prohibition against federal commandeering of the
States." Id., at 196. That prohibition protects state sover-
eignty by barring Congress from "conscript[ing] state gov-
ernments as its agents" or "requir[ing] the States to govern
according to [its] instructions." New York v. United States, 178 (1992). Moreover, the historical rec-
ord makes clear that Congress's "spending power is the
power to spend only" and does not "carry with it any inde-
 Cite as: (2025) 393

Thomas, J., concurring

pendent regulatory authority." Talevski, 599 U. S., at 206,
224 (Thomas, J., dissenting).
I therefore continue to think that the Talevski majority
erred "[i]n holding that spending conditions... can directly
impose obligations on the States with the force of federal
law." Id., at 229; see id., at 177 -- 180 (majority opinion).
When "fairly possible," we ordinarily read statutes "to avoid... the conclusion that [they are] unconstitutional." United
States v. Jin Fuey Moy, (1916). Yet, Ta-
levski chose an implausible reading of that created
constitutional infrmity -- and substantial infrmity, at that,
given the frequency with which modern spending legisla-
tion imposes spending conditions. See 599 U. S., at 202
(Thomas, J., dissenting).
This case does not present an occasion to remedy our error
because the petitioner did not ask us to revisit our prece-
dents. But, in a case where the issue is properly presented,
I would make clear that spending conditions -- which are by
Page Proof Pending Publication
defnition conditional -- cannot "secure" rights.

B
Separately, I question whether our current understanding
of is overbroad with respect to the range of "rights,
privileges, or immunities" covered by that statute. Given
the degree to which the judicial conception of "rights"
evolved over the 20th century, I doubt that, as origi-
nally understood, protects the full range of "rights" that
courts now construe it to cover.
Our cases have glossed over the threshold question of
what constitutes a "right" under. As to constitutional
rights, the Court has simply assumed that the term "rights"
has the same meaning in as elsewhere. Accordingly,
the Court has allowed to evolve "into an all-purpose
constitutional litigation statute," with its reach growing in
proportion to the Court's recognition of novel constitutional
"rights" in other contexts, without consideration of whether
394 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Thomas, J., concurring

's original meaning can be so fexible. Collins 1537;
see Dennis, 498 U. S., at 445 ("[W]e have rejected attempts
to limit the types of constitutional rights that are encom-
passed [under ]"). As to statutory rights, the Court
has essentially collapsed the question whether a "right" ex-
ists into the broader inquiry whether there is a "righ[t]...
secured by the Constitution and laws," as requires.
Our current test asks whether a law "clearly and unambigu-
ously uses rights-creating terms" and displays "an unmistak-
able focus on individuals like the plaintiff." Ante, at 368 (in-
ternal quotation marks and alterations omitted). But, the
test does not consider the meaning of the term "rights"
standing alone.
Applying these inquiries, the Court has recognized a wide
variety of constitutional and statutory "rights" enforceable
under. Particularly given how broadly the Court has
construed "the due process or cruel and unusual punishment
clauses, almost any common law tort committed by a state
Page Proof Pending Publication
offcer" now can be "converted into a constitutional violation
and thereby made the basis of a section 1983 action." De-
velopments in the Law: Section 1983 and Federalism, 90
Harv. L. Rev. 1133, 1173 (1977).4 And, the Court has found
a variety of "rights" conferred through statutes far removed
from 's Reconstruction era roots, such as laws concern-

4
In one case, the Court even deemed enforceable under the nega-
tive Commerce Clause " `right' to engage in interstate trade free from
restrictive state regulation." Dennis v. Higgins, -- 451
(1991). Setting aside that "[t]he negative Commerce Clause has no basis
in the text of the Constitution," Camps Newfound/Owatonna, Inc. v. Town
of Harrison, (1997) (Thomas, J., dissenting), the holding
in Dennis relied on reasoning from our statutory cases that we have
since repudiated. Compare 498 U. S., at 448 -- 449, with ante, at 375 -- 376.
As the Court emphasizes today, our more recent statutory case
law makes clear that statutes must include "unambiguous rights-creating
language" to be enforceable through. Ante, at 380. In an appro-
priate case, we should at minimum extend similar scrutiny to the range of
constitutional rights enforceable through.
 Cite as: (2025) 395

Thomas, J., concurring

ing federal entitlement programs. See, e. g., Thiboutot, 448
U. S., at 4 -- 6 (Social Security); Talevski, 599 U. S., at 184 -- 
186 (Medicaid).
We should revisit the threshold question of what consti-
tutes a "right" under. Because we interpret statutes
at the time of their enactment, see Loper Bright Enterprises
v. Raimondo, (2024), the answer to that
question turns on how ordinary readers would have under-
stood the phrase "rights, privileges, or immunities" in 1871.
And, it seems more than likely that contemporaneous read-
ers would have understood those terms more narrowly than
our current doctrine does. For example, such readers
presumably would have read in light of its Reconstruc-
tion era context, especially given that the provision's
" `rights, privileges or immunities' language suggestively
echoed the fourteenth amendment's `privileges or immuni-
ties' clause." Collins 1505; cf. Talevski, 599 U. S., at 225,
Page Proof Pending Publication
(Thomas, J., dissenting) (questioning whether statutory
actions should be "confned to laws enacted under Con-
gress' Reconstruction Amendments enforcement powers").
Even assuming that courts should give the term "rights"
in the broadest meaning it could have received in 1871,
that meaning almost certainly was narrower than our under-
standing today. Case law from the period surrounding
emphasized a distinction between rights and mere
government benefts. For example, in cases concerning mil-
itary pensions, this Court made clear that pensions were
simply "bounties of the government," to which "[n]o pen-
sioner has a vested legal right." United States v. Teller, (1883); accord, e. g., Frisbie v. United States, (1895). Likewise, while serving on the Massa-
chusetts Supreme Judicial Court, Justice Holmes famously
summarized the once-prevailing understanding of govern-
ment employees' free speech rights when he declared that
"[t]he petitioner may have a constitutional right to talk poli-
tics, but he has no constitutional right to be a policeman" -- 
396 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Thomas, J., concurring

that is, he has no right to public employment. McAuliffe v.
Mayor and Bd. of Aldermen of New Bedford, 155 Mass. 216,
220, 29 N. E. 517 (1892). That view remained "unchallenged
dogma" for "most of th[e 20th] century." Connick v. Myers,
(1983).
Only in the 1960s and 1970s did the Court replace its tradi-
tional distinction between rights and benefts with a dramat-
ically expanded conception of "rights." Most notably, in
Goldberg v. Kelly, (1970), the Court held that
welfare benefts, previously thought of as gratuities, are in
fact property for purposes of the Fourteenth Amendment's
Due Process Clause. Id., at 261 -- 262.5 Goldberg and other
contemporaneous cases formed a "due process revolution"
that extended the Due Process Clause to cover traditionally
unprotected categories such as "a government job or bene-
fts." R. Pierce, The Due Process Counterrevolution of the
1990s? 96 Colum. L. Rev. 1973, 1974, 1977 -- 1980 (1996).
The modern framework developed during the same
Page Proof Pending Publication
period as this rights "revolution," and the Court's shift in
cases like Goldberg inevitably infuenced the Court's under-
standing of "rights" in the context. Plaintiffs now
routinely bring claims alleging constitutional viola-
tions that would have been unimaginable in 1871. Compare,
e. g., Escoe v. Zerbst, (1935) (deeming parole
an "act of grace" not protected by the Due Process Clause),
with Wilkinson v. Dotson, -- 77 (2005) (allow-
ing prisoners' challenges to state parole procedures to pro-
ceed under ). And, much of our case law on statutory
actions stems from plaintiffs' efforts to enforce so-

5
As I have previously explained, Goldberg rests on tenuous grounds.
Forgoing "meaningful legal analysis," the decision "simply highlighted the
social importance of `entitlements' " in modern America. Williams, 604
U. S., at 182, n. (dissenting opinion) ; see also Gutierrez v. Saenz, (2025) (dissenting
opinion) (explaining how Goldberg marked a "radical redefnition of `prop-
erty' " rights).
 Cite as: (2025) 397

Jackson, J., dissenting

called rights conferred through entitlement programs. See,
e. g., Thiboutot, 448 U. S., at 2 -- 3. In light of the distinctly
modern nature of our jurisprudence, I doubt that we
have correctly interpreted the term "rights" for purposes
of.6
* * *
The Court properly applies our precedents to resolve the
question presented. As it makes clear, even under current
doctrine, courts should not too readily recognize a statutory
right as enforceable under. Ante, at 374 -- 376. But,
given the remarkable gap between the original understand-
ing of and its current role, a more fundamental reex-
amination of our jurisprudence is in order.
Justice Jackson, with whom Justice Sotomayor and
Justice Kagan join, dissenting.
The Civil Rights Act of 1871 was an exercise in grand am-
Page Proof Pending Publication
bition. It had to be. In the wake of the Civil War, the
American South was consumed by a wave of terrorist vio-
lence designed to disenfranchise and intimidate the country's
newly freed citizens and their allies. The threat was exis-
tential -- not just for the newly liberated, but for democracy
itself -- and required bold intervention. It was precisely be-
cause the goals of the 1871 Act were so ambitious that those
most committed to the structures it targeted, including many
in South Carolina, opposed the measure so vehemently.
A century and a half later, the project of stymying one of
the country's great civil rights laws continues. In this latest

6
The dissent questions whether suffcient "research" supports my cur-
rent conclusions. Post, at 416 -- 417 (opinion of Jackson, J.). But, my
point is precisely that further examination is warranted. Insofar as the
dissent highlights the existence of other "historical sources" beyond the
scope of this concurring opinion, the "broader" historical record at which
the dissent gestures only reinforces the need to consider the relationship
(or lack thereof) between our current jurisprudence and 's
original meaning. Post, at 417.
398 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

chapter, South Carolina urges our Court to adopt a narrow
and ahistorical reading of the 1871 Act's frst section, which
is codifed today at 42 U. S. C.. That venerable provi-
sion permits any citizen to obtain redress in federal court
for "the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or immunities
secured by the Constitution and laws" of the United States.
South Carolina asks us to hollow out that provision so that
the State can evade liability for violating the rights of its
Medicaid recipients to choose their own doctors. The Court
abides South Carolina's request. I would not. For that
reason, I respectfully dissent.

I
This case concerns South Carolina's obligations under the
Medicaid Act. Signed into law by President Lyndon B.
Johnson in 1965, the Medicaid Act establishes "a cooperative
federal-state program that provides medical care to needy
Page Proof Pending Publication
individuals." Douglas v. Independent Living Center of
Southern Cal., Inc., (2012). "Like other
Spending Clause legislation, Medicaid offers the States a
bargain: Congress provides federal funds in exchange for the
States' agreement to spend them in accordance with congres-
sionally imposed conditions." Armstrong v. Exceptional
Child Center, Inc., (2015).
Any State that wishes to receive federal funds under the
program must submit a proposed Medicaid plan to the De-
partment of Health and Human Services (HHS). 42 U. S. C.
-- 1. If HHS approves the plan, the State will receive
the funding. States enjoy relatively wide discretion in
crafting their Medicaid plans. They have signifcant control,
for instance, over who is eligible to receive Medicaid bene-
fts and which types of services are covered. E. g.,
(10)(A)(ii), (70), (86).
Still, the Medicaid Act imposes certain plan requirements
on States as a condition of receiving federal funding. If a
State "fail[s] to comply substantially" with those conditions,
 Cite as: (2025) 399

Jackson, J., dissenting

HHS may withhold further funding from that State.
; see also 42 CFR.12(c) (2024). In practice, how-
ever, HHS rarely invokes its authority to withhold funding
because doing so would inevitably harm the program's
benefciaries.1
One of the conditions that the Medicaid Act imposes on
participating States is the requirement that Medicaid recipi-
ents be able to choose their own healthcare providers with-
out government interference. The statute explicitly re-
quires that every State's Medicaid plan must "provide that... any individual eligible for medical assistance (including
drugs) may obtain such assistance from any institution,
agency, community pharmacy, or person, qualifed to perform
the service or services required." (23)(A). Con-
gress enacted that provision, known as the "free-choice-of-
provider provision," in order to prevent States from steering
Medicaid recipients to the States' preferred healthcare pro-
viders. See H. R. Rep. No. 544, 90th Cong., 1st Sess., 122
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1967).
The dispute in this case arises from South Carolina's fail-
ure to comply with that provision. In 2018, the State's Gov-
ernor issued an executive order deeming all "abortion clin-
ics" unqualifed to provide healthcare services and directing
the State's Department of Health and Human Services to
terminate them from the State's Medicaid program. App. to
Pet. for Cert. 157a -- 160a. That executive order would have
forced two clinics operated by Planned Parenthood South At-
lantic (PPSAT) -- one in Charleston and one in Columbia -- to
stop serving any patients who rely on Medicaid.
One of those patients is respondent Julie Edwards. Be-
fore she became a PPSAT patient, Edwards had struggled to
fnd a healthcare provider capable of meeting her needs as a
1
Kaiser Family Foundation, Focus on Health Reform: A Guide to the
Supreme Court's Decision on the ACA's Medicaid Expansion 1 (Aug.
2012), https://www.kff.org/affordable-care-act/ issue-brief/a-guide-to-the-
supreme-courts-decision/.
400 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

diabetic whose condition heightened the risks associated
with pregnancy. At PPSAT, she found doctors who were
able to provide her with the services she needed, as well as
a respectful and judgment-free environment to receive care.
Edwards fled this lawsuit against state health offcials
under seeking to enjoin PPSAT's termination from the
Medicaid program. She asserted that the termination deci-
sion violated her rights under the free-choice-of-provider
provision to obtain care from her doctors of choice.
The District Court entered summary judgment in Ed-
wards's favor and enjoined the State from terminating
PPSAT from its Medicaid program. Planned Parenthood
South Atlantic v. Baker, 487 F. Supp. 3d 443, 448 (SC 2020).
The Fourth Circuit affrmed. Planned Parenthood South At-
lantic v. Kerr, 27 F. 4th 945, 959 (2022). In a careful opinion
authored by Judge Wilkinson, the panel held that the free-
choice-of-provider provision conferred an individual right on
Page Proof Pending Publication
Medicaid recipients to select their own healthcare providers
and that, as such, that right was enforceable under.
Rejecting South Carolina's arguments to the contrary, the
court concluded that the "statutory text... unmistakably
evinces Congress's intention to confer on Medicaid benefci-
aries a right to the free choice of their provider." Id., at 956.
South Carolina petitioned for certiorari. While its peti-
tion was pending, this Court decided Health and Hospital
Corporation of Marion County v. Talevski, 
(2023), which considered whether a different provision of the
Medicaid Act conferred rights enforceable under. We
therefore granted South Carolina's petition, vacated the
judgment below, and remanded the case for the Fourth Cir-
cuit to reconsider the parties' arguments in light of our deci-
sion in Talevski. (2023).
On remand, the Fourth Circuit once again determined that
the free-choice-of-provider provision establishes an individ-
ual right that can be enforced under. Planned Par-
 Cite as: (2025) 401

Jackson, J., dissenting

enthood South Atlantic v. Kerr, 95 F. 4th 152, 154 (2024).
The panel, in another thoughtful opinion by Judge Wilkinson,
"conclude[d] that Talevski did not change the law to an ex-
tent that would call our previous determinations into ques-
tion." Id., at 159. It therefore affrmed the District
Court's order granting summary judgment to Edwards and
enjoining the State from terminating PPSAT from its Medic-
aid program. Id., at 170.
II
Two years ago, in Health and Hospital Corporation of
Marion County v. Talevski, this Court outlined
the test for determining whether a federal statute is pri-
vately enforceable under. The majority accepts that
the touchstone for that inquiry is whether the law in ques-
tion "unambiguously confer[s] individual federal rights."
Id., at 180 (emphasis deleted); see ante, at 375. But the opin-
ion it hands down today suggests that, as a practical matter,
Page Proof Pending Publication
the character of the law -- and, in particular, whether it was
enacted under Congress's spending power -- is all but disposi-
tive of the required rights determination. That view dis-
torts the unambiguous-conferral test beyond recognition and
strains our precedential holding that 's unqualifed use
of the word "laws" means exactly what it says. As I explain
below, under a faithful application of our unambiguous-
conferral test, the Medicaid Act's free-choice-of-provider
provision readily creates an enforceable right.

A
The Civil Rights Act of 1871 was designed to bolster the
protections of the Civil War Amendments and earlier Recon-
struction statutes, which had failed to "preven[t] postbellum
state actors from continuing to deprive American citizens
of federally protected rights." Talevski, 599 U. S., at 176.
White supremacist violence was spreading across the South,
aided at times by state and local offcials, and the mayhem
402 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

posed a fundamental threat to both public safety and the
rule of law. E. Foner, Reconstruction: America's Unfnished
Revolution 1863 -- 1877, pp. 442 -- 444 (1988).
The 1871 Act aimed to combat that threat in various ways.
One of them, embedded in the Act's very frst section, was
to "ope[n] the federal courts to private citizens, offering
a uniquely federal remedy against incursions under the
claimed authority of state law upon rights secured by the
Constitution and laws of the Nation." Mitchum v. Foster,
(1972).
The text of that provision, now codifed at 42 U. S. C., is straightforward. It authorizes private individuals
to sue state or local offcials who deprive them of "any rights,
privileges, or immunities secured by the Constitution and
laws" of the United States. Mindful of the statute's ambi-
tious goals, the Court has traditionally "given full effect to
its broad language, recognizing that `provide[s] a rem-
Page Proof Pending Publication
edy, to be broadly construed, against all forms of offcial vio-
lation of federally protected rights.' " Dennis v. Higgins,
(1991).
Thus, in Maine v. Thiboutot, (1980), we ex-
pressly rejected a State's contention that the phrase "and
laws" refers only to civil rights laws enacted under Con-
gress's Fourteenth Amendment powers. As we explained,
the statute's "plain language" -- and, in particular, the fact
that "Congress attached no modifers to the phrase" -- makes
clear that the word "laws" "means what it says" and is not
"limited to some subset of laws." Ibid.
At the same time, our cases also recognize that 
"speaks in terms of `rights, privileges, or immunities,' not
violations of federal law" more generally. Golden State
Transit Corp. v. Los Angeles, (1989). Ac-
cordingly, we have held that a plaintiff may not prevail under
merely by identifying a violation of any federal stat-
ute; rather, she must identify a violation of a statute that
creates " `rights, privileges, or immunities.' " Ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 403

Jackson, J., dissenting

The test we apply for determining whether a statute cre-
ates such "rights, privileges, or immunities" has gradually
grown more restrictive over the years. During the 1980s
and 1990s, the Court adhered to Thiboutot's plain-language
approach to and thus freely recognized individual
rights in federal "laws," absent clear congressional intent to
the contrary. E. g., Livadas v. Bradshaw, -- 
134 (1994) (holding that employees could use to en-
force a provision of the National Labor Relations Act);
Wright v. Roanoke Redevelopment and Housing Authority,
-- 432 (1987) (holding that public-housing
tenants could use to enforce a provision of the Housing
Act of 1937 capping their rental payments).
In Wilder v. Virginia Hospital Assn., -- 
510 (1990), for instance, we held that healthcare providers
could use to enforce a provision of the Medicaid Act
that required States to reimburse them at "reasonable and
Page Proof Pending Publication
adequate" rates. We determined that the provision was en-
forceable because it left "little doubt that health care provid-
ers [were] the intended benefciaries," and it was "cast in
mandatory rather than precatory terms." Id., at 510, 512.
We also rejected the defendant's argument that the provi-
sion's "reasonable and adequate" mandate was "too `vague
and amorphous' to be judicially enforceable," observing that
the statute provided an "objective benchmark" for States to
judge those criteria. Id., at 519.
A few years after Wilder, Congress endorsed our holistic
approach to evaluating whether statutes create rights that
are enforceable under. In 1994, it passed a statute
confrming that a provision may create enforceable rights
even if the provision is framed as a directive to States as
part of a federal spending program., 108 Stat. 4057.
Congress enacted that statute in direct response to our deci-
sion in Suter v. Artist M., where we had held that a provision
of the Adoption Assistance and Child Welfare Act was not
enforceable under. (1992). Our
404 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

decision in that case had relied, in part, on the fact that the
provision at issue appeared in a section of the statute that
required States to submit specifc plans to HHS as a condi-
tion of receiving federal funds. Id., at 358. Rejecting that
line of reasoning, Congress adopted what has come to be
called the "Suter fx." The statute it enacted provides that
a "provision is not to be deemed unenforceable because of its
inclusion in a section of this chapter [of the U. S. Code]
requiring a State plan or specifying the required contents
of a State plan." -- 2.2 The statute explicitly "over-
turn[ed]" any suggestion in Suter that state-plan require-
ments cannot be enforced under -- an interpretive ap-
proach that, in Congress's view, had "not [been] applied in
prior Supreme Court decisions respecting enforce-
ability." -- 2.
The Court decided Blessing v. Freestone, 
(1997), three years after Congress adopted the Suter fx.
With no mention of -- 2, Blessing summarized how the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Court had previously approached determining whether a
federal law is privately enforceable under. After sur-
veying our past cases on the subject, we identifed three key
factors that bore on "whether a particular statutory provi-
sion gives rise to a federal right." 520 U. S., at 340. Those
three factors were: (1) whether "Congress... intended that
the provision in question beneft the plaintiff"; (2) whether
"the right assertedly protected by the statute" is "so `vague
and amorphous' that its enforcement would strain judicial
competence"; and (3) whether the statute "unambiguously
impose[s] a binding obligation on the States." Id., at 340 -- 
341.
Although the Blessing factors aimed merely to synthesize
our past decisions, they also struck a balance between
2
The law at issue in this case -- Medicaid's free-choice-of-provider provi-
sion, 42 U. S. C. (23) -- is codifed in the same chapter of Title 42
as the Suter fx.
 Cite as: (2025) 405

Jackson, J., dissenting

's broad remedial goals and our historical concern that
States receive fair notice of their statutory obligations under
federal law. That balance began to shift dramatically in the
years following Blessing.
B
In Gonzaga University v. Doe, (2002), the
Court adopted a restrictive test for determining whether a
federal statute creates rights enforceable under.
There, we held that a university student could not use 
to enforce a provision of the Family Educational Rights and
Privacy Act (FERPA) -- a statute that directed the Secretary
of Education to withhold federal funds from schools that had
failed to maintain the confdentiality of their students' educa-
tional records. We suggested that Blessing had led to "con-
fusion" among some lower courts about how to determine
whether a statute confers rights that are enforceable under. 536 U. S., at 282 -- 283. Citing a need for greater
Page Proof Pending Publication
clarity, Gonzaga stated: "We now reject the notion that our
cases permit anything short of an unambiguously conferred
right to support a cause of action brought under."
Id., at 283.
To justify that stricter standard, the Court relied heavily
on the fact that Congress had enacted FERPA under its
spending powers. We noted that, in " `legislation enacted
pursuant to the spending power, the typical remedy for state
noncompliance with federally imposed conditions is... action
by the Federal Government to terminate funds.' " Id., at
280 ). For that reason, we explained,
recipients of federal funds must have clear notice that their
failure to comply with a particular funding condition might
"subjec[t] them to private suits for money damages" under. 536 U. S., at 286 -- 287,. We thus concluded that
"if Congress wishes to create new rights enforceable under, it must do so in clear and unambiguous terms." Id.,
406 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

at 290. And we held that FERPA funked that test because
its confdentiality mandate -- which was framed principally as
a directive to the Secretary of Education -- "lack[ed] the sort
of `rights-creating' language critical to showing the requisite
congressional intent to create new rights." Id., at 287.
But while Gonzaga made the test for evaluating the en-
forceability of statutory rights under more stringent,
it did not close the door on enforcement altogether.
Just two years ago, in Talevski, we applied Gonzaga's analyt-
ical framework and held that a pair of Medicaid provisions
created individual rights. 599 U. S., at 183. There, we de-
termined that plaintiffs could use to enforce two pro-
visions of the Federal Nursing Home Reform Act, or
FNHRA -- one imposing certain predischarge-notice require-
ments on nursing facilities and the other barring those facili-
ties from using unnecessary chemical restraints on their resi-
dents. Id., at 171.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Talevski's analysis began by restating "the Gonzaga test."
Id., at 183. As we
recounted, that test asks whether "the provision in question
is ` "phrased in terms of the persons benefted" ' and contains
`rights-creating,' individual-centric language with an ` "un-
mistakable focus on the benefted class." ' " 599 U. S., at 183. Although we rec-
ognized that this test was "stringent," we held that the two
FNHRA provisions at issue satisfed it. 599 U. S., at 186.
We cited the fact that both provisions appeared in a list of
" `[r]equirements relating to residents' rights.' " Id., at 184.
And we outlined how the text of each provision "unambigu-
ously confer[red] rights upon the residents of nursing-home
facilities": The unnecessary-restraint provision required nurs-
ing homes to " `protect and promote... [t]he right to be free
from... any physical or chemical restraints' " not needed for
treatment, while the predischarge-notice provision referred
to " `transfer and discharge rights' " and stated that
 Cite as: (2025) 407

Jackson, J., dissenting

nursing homes " `must not transfer or discharge [a] resident' "
without notice. Id., at 184 -- 185.
Perhaps most importantly, our opinion in Talevski also
squarely rejected the defendant's argument that " con-
tains an implicit carveout for laws that Congress enacts via
its spending power." Id., at 171. The defendant, an Indi-
ana hospital system, had argued that " `Spending Clause stat-
utes do not give rise to privately enforceable rights under
Section 1983' " because such statutes operate like contracts,
which "were not `generally' enforceable by third-party bene-
fciaries at common law." Id., at 178. In rejecting that attempt to dilute 's power,
we affrmed once again that " `[l]aws' means `laws,' no less
today than in the 1870s." Id., at 172. Our decision thus
preserved 's central remedial aims, even as it faithfully
applied Gonzaga's "demanding" test for whether statutes
"unambiguously confer individual federal rights." 599
U. S., at 180.3
Page Proof Pending PublicationC
Medicaid's free-choice-of-provider provision easily satisfes
the unambiguous-conferral test. To start, the text of the
provision is plainly " ` "phrased in terms of the persons bene-
fted" ' " -- namely, Medicaid recipients. Id., at 183. The
provision states that every Medicaid plan "must... provide
that... any individual eligible for medical assistance (in-
cluding drugs) may obtain such assistance from any institu-
tion, agency, community pharmacy, or person, qualifed to
perform the service or services required." (23)(A). This "individual-centric" formulation re-
3
Talevski also recognized that "[e]ven if a statutory provision unambig-
uously secures rights, a defendant `may defeat t[he] presumption by dem-
onstrating that Congress did not intend' that be available to enforce
those rights." 599 U. S., at 186. South Carolina has not invoked that
proposition here as a basis for arguing that Medicaid's free-choice-of-
provider provision is not enforceable under.
408 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

fects an " ` "unmistakable focus on the benefted class." ' "
Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183.
Congress also used rights-creating language in the head-
ing of the provision when it enacted the original session law.
The provision was entitled: "FREE CHOICE by individuals
eligible for medical assistance," 81 Stat. 903.4 This phrasing indisputably invokes language clas-
sically associated with establishing rights. E. g., U. S.
Const., Amdt. 1 (protecting the "free exercise" of religion);
Faretta v. California, -- 834 (1975) ("[W]hat-
ever else may be said of those who wrote the Bill of Rights,
surely there can be no doubt that they understood the inesti-
mable worth of free choice"). And Congress reinforced its
rights-creating intent by making the provision mandatory -- 
it specifcally inserted the word "must" into the statute -- to
make clear that the obligation imposed on the States was
binding. If Congress did not want to protect Medicaid re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cipients' freedom to choose their own providers, it would
have likely avoided using a combination of classically compul-
sory language and explicit individual-centric terminology.
As the Fourth Circuit rightly put it, it is "diffcult to imagine
a clearer or more affrmative directive." Planned Parent-
hood South Atlantic v. Baker, 941 F. 3d 687, 694 (2019).
The provision's history confrms what the text makes evi-
dent: that Congress intended the provision to be binding.
Congress enacted the free-choice-of-provider provision in
4
The majority seeks to downplay the title Congress assigned to the free-
choice-of-provider provision by noting that a title "by itself " cannot confer
rights. Ante, at 382. But the majority does not appear to dispute that
statutory titles offer at least some insight into Congress's intent, as evi-
denced by the majority's own reliance on statutory titles elsewhere in its
opinion. See ante, at 377 (highlighting the title of one of FNHRA's sub-
provisions); ante, at 379 -- 380 ). In any event, as
the rest of the discussion above illustrates, Congress's decision to use the
"free choice" language in its session-law heading is not the only evidence
of its rights-creating intent with respect to the provision at issue here.
 Cite as: (2025) 409

Jackson, J., dissenting

1967 -- just two years after the original Medicaid Act -- in di-
rect response to efforts by some jurisdictions to steer Medic-
aid benefciaries to specifc providers. See H. R. Rep. No.
544, at 122. To prevent States from interfering with Medic-
aid recipients' freedom to choose their own providers, Con-
gress adopted nearly identical language from a provision of
the Medicare Act that -- in both purpose and effect -- had
guaranteed that right to Medicare benefciaries..
In other words, Congress made a deliberate choice to protect
Medicaid recipients' ability to choose their own providers by
employing statutory language that it knew, based on its
Medicare experience, would achieve that end. Congress's
intent could not have been clearer.
That clarity is perhaps why, in the only other case where
we have had occasion to construe the free-choice-of-provider
provision, we repeatedly used the word "right" to describe
the protection it confers. In O'Bannon v. Town Court Nur-
sing Center, (1980), a group of elderly Medicaid
Page Proof Pending Publication
recipients sought to leverage the provision to assert "a con-
stitutional right to a hearing" before Medicaid offcials could
strip their nursing home of funding. Id., at 775. In reject-
ing the recipients' understanding of the provision, we ex-
plained what the provision does protect. As we put it,
"(23) gives recipients the right to choose among a
range of qualifed providers, without government interfer-
ence." Id., at 785 (frst emphasis added; citation omitted).
We used the word "right" again in the next sentence to elab-
orate on that description: "By implication," we said, the pro-
vision "also confers an absolute right to be free from govern-
ment interference with the choice to remain in a home that
continues to be qualifed." Ibid..5

5
In their certiorari-stage briefs, the parties disputed whether and to
what extent O'Bannon bears on the scope of the free-choice-of-provider
provision. We declined to grant certiorari on that question. (2024) (limiting our grant of certiorari to only the frst question
presented in the petition). Undeterred by that choice, the majority pro-
410 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

Although O'Bannon was not a case about enforce-
ability, our description of the free-choice-of-provider provi-
sion confrms that the most natural and obvious way to read
the provision's individual-centric, mandatory language is as
"rights-creating."
III
The majority's effort to resist the natural and obvious
rights-creating reading of the Medicaid Act's free-choice-of-
provider provision is, ultimately, unpersuasive. The Court
holds that the provision does not confer any individual rights
on Medicaid recipients, but reaches that conclusion by apply-
ing a version of the unambiguous-conferral test that we did
not endorse in Talevski or Gonzaga. In doing so, the Court
adopts an approach to that not only undermines the
statute's core function but also stretches our doctrine beyond
anything that can be justifed as a matter of text, precedent,
Page Proof Pending Publication
or frst principles.

ceeds to address the question we took off the table: It suggests that
O'Bannon is inapposite because our opinion in that case purportedly re-
jected the particular right that respondent has asserted here. Ante, at
383 -- 389,. But the question of how broadly to construe the rights
conferred by the free-choice-of-provider provision is distinct from the
question of whether the provision creates rights in the frst place. And
as to that latter question -- the sole question presented in this case -- 
O'Bannon's repeated use of the word "right" to describe the provision's
protections underscores how the provision's text is naturally read to cre-
ate rights. What is more, the majority has quoted the O'Bannon passage
completely out of context; when read in its entirety, the quoted passage
has little bearing on this case. The full sentence states that the free-
choice-of-provider provision "clearly does not confer a right on a recipient
to enter an unqualifed home and demand a hearing to certify it, nor does
it confer a right on a recipient to continue to receive benefts for care in a
home that has been decertifed." 447 U. S., at 785. This language does
not come close to suggesting that the free-choice-of-provider provision
does not confer a right to choose one's provider (i. e., the right respondent
has asserted here), as the majority suggests.
 Cite as: (2025) 411

Jackson, J., dissenting

A
The approach that the Court follows today differs conspic-
uously from the approach we developed in Gonzaga and reaf-
frmed in Talevski. To see how, start by observing that the
majority chooses not to frame its analysis around the ques-
tion that guided our thinking in those cases: namely, whether
"the provision in question is ` "phrased in terms of the
persons benefted" ' and contains `rights-creating,' individual-
centric language with an ` "unmistakable focus on the bene-
fted class." ' " Taleveski, 599 U. S., at 183. Instead, the Court builds its
analysis around the simplistic premise that Medicaid's free-
choice-of-provider provision " looks nothing like th[e]
FNHRA provisions" we upheld in Talevski. Ante, at 377.
That approach warps our reasoning in Talevski. No-
where in our opinion did we single out FNHRA as the sole
or defnitive model for conferring individual rights. To the
Page Proof Pending Publication
contrary, the reason we went out of our way to reaffrm "the
Gonzaga test" was to remove any doubts about "our estab-
lished method for ascertaining unambiguous conferral." 599
U. S., at 183. Talevski was merely an application of that
methodology to the statutory provision at issue in that case.
Yet, now, the majority disregards the established method
and, in its place, looks to FNHRA itself as "the only reliable
yardstick against which to measure whether spending-power
legislation confers a privately enforceable right." Ante, at
377. In short, the majority construes our requirement that
Congress "manifes[t] an `unambiguous' intent to confer indi-
vidual rights," Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 280, as a requirement
that Congress manifest an unambiguous intent to imitate
FNHRA.
The majority's hyperfocus on FNHRA also widens the gap
between our Gonzaga test and the text of itself. As
noted, protects against deprivations of "any rights,
privileges, or immunities secured by the... laws" of the
412 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

United States -- not just the specifc rights secured by
FNHRA. (Emphasis added.) It is therefore strange to
treat FNHRA as the "only reliable yardstick," ante, at 377,
for assessing whether a statute unambiguously creates en-
forceable rights per Gonzaga. Cf. Dennis, 498 U. S., at 445
("[W]e have rejected attempts to limit the types of constitu-
tional rights that are encompassed within the phrase `rights,
privileges, or immunities' "). Put simply, the fact that
FNHRA happens to be the subject of one of the few cases
this Court has opted to review concerning enforceabil-
ity does not lend it talismanic status.
The majority's FNHRA-or-bust approach makes even less
sense when framed against the Court's concerns about ensur-
ing that States have fair notice of their statutory obligations.
As the majority recognizes, the whole reason we require
clear rights-creating language in spending statutes is be-
cause "[o]nly that kind of `unmistakable' notice... suffces
to alert grantees" that they might be sued under.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Ante, at 374. But focusing myopically on a given statute's
resemblance to FNHRA does little to advance the goal of
providing fair notice to federal grantees. That is because,
as we have often recognized, Congress "need not use magic
words in order to speak clearly." Henderson v. Shinseki,
(2011).
Indeed, if actual notice were the touchstone, this would be
an easy case: By the time South Carolina chose to terminate
PPSAT as a Medicaid provider in 2018, the State had ample
reason to know that it could be sued under -- even be-
yond the clarity of the free-choice-of-provider provision's
text. By that point, the Federal Government had long
taken the position that the free-choice-of-provider provision
was privately enforceable via.6 Our decision in
O'Bannon had also explicitly described the provision as "giv-
6
See Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 4,.
 Cite as: (2025) 413

Jackson, J., dissenting

[ing] recipients the right to choose" their providers "without
government interference." 447 U. S., at 785. And Congress itself had reaffrmed, via the Suter
fx, that the Medicaid Act's "State plan requirements" could
create enforceable rights. -- 2. Our Wilder decision
had long since held that a similarly structured provision of
the Medicaid Act -- codifed in the same section as the free-
choice-of-provider provision -- was enforceable under.
496 U. S., at 524. With all that information, South Carolina
could not reasonably claim surprise that its decision to re-
strict Medicaid recipients' access to particular healthcare
providers might trigger a suit under the free-choice-
of-provider provision.7
In any event, the majority's FNHRA-centric approach to
fair notice fails on its own terms. The free-choice-of-
provider provision mirrors the FNHRA provisions from Ta-
levski in all respects that matter: both employ individual-
centric language that focuses on the relevant benefciaries
Page Proof Pending Publication
and combine it with mandatory language directed at the rele-
vant grant recipients. The provision also employs rights-
creating language: As explained above, Congress explicitly
used the words "free choice" in the provision's original head-
7
The Court's repudiation of Wilder today does not alter any of those
historical facts. Indeed, prior to this Court's attempt to disavow Wilder
in a footnote in Armstrong v. Exceptional Child Center, Inc., n. (2015), it was widely accepted -- not just by the Government,
but by every Circuit to consider the question -- that the free-choice-of-
provider provision conferred privately enforceable rights. See Planned
Parenthood Ariz. Inc. v. Betlach, 727 F. 3d 960, 963 (CA9 2013); Planned
Parenthood of Ind., Inc. v. Commissioner of Ind. State Dept. of Health,
699 F. 3d 962, 974 (CA7 2012); Harris v. Olszewski, 442 F. 3d 456, 461
(CA6 2006). South Carolina accepted Medicaid funding for years with
knowledge of those facts. Only recently -- in its brief in this case -- has
the Federal Government changed its longstanding position. That the
Court has now succeeded in injecting ambiguity where none previously
existed underscores the extent to which the Court's practical concerns
about fair notice to grantees seem to have been displaced by a general
aversion to recognizing individual rights.
414 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

ing -- words that plainly refect rights-creating intent. See
Part II -- C, supra. The fact that the provision does not spe-
cifcally use the word "right" is not dispositive. We have
never required Congress to use specifc verbiage to establish
individual rights. And forcing Congress to use the specifc
word "right" would make little sense in this context anyway
in light of 's more capacious phrase "rights, privileges,
or immunities." Nor does it matter that FNHRA contains
its own free-choice provision protecting the " `right to choose
a personal attending physician.' " Ante, at 378 (1)(A)(i)). If anything, that Congress chose to use
"Free choice" in the heading of both provisions refects its
understanding that the two provisions would have the same
rights-protecting effect.8
Congress ultimately has wide discretion to use whatever
language it wishes to create individual rights. We require
only that it do so unambiguously. As the court below aptly
put it, it is not our role "to limit Congress to a thin thesaurus
Page Proof Pending Publication
of our own design." 95 F. 4th, at 166.

B
In typical parade-of-horribles-like fashion, the majority
also expresses the concern that, if the Court were to hold
that the free-choice-of-provider provision confers an individ-
ual right, it would mean that "[m]any other Medicaid plan
requirements would likely do the same." Ante, at 380. But
case law from the lower courts demonstrates that this fear
is unfounded. Those courts have recognized only a tiny

8
Compare (1)(A)(i) ("Free choice" (boldface deleted)) with, 81 Stat. 903 ("Free choice by individuals eligible for medical assist-
ance" (some capitalization omitted)). Notably, the same omnibus legisla-
tion that included the FNHRA free-choice provision also included an
amendment to the original free-choice-of-provider provision that appeared
under the heading "Freedom of choice," further reinforcing the view that
the provision is rights creating., 101 Stat. 1330 -- 152 (some capi-
talization omitted).
 Cite as: (2025) 415

Jackson, J., dissenting

handful of the nearly 90 provisions contained in the Medicaid
Act's list of state-plan requirements as actually conferring
individual rights. See Brief for National Health Law Pro-
gram et al. as Amici Curiae 18 -- 24 (highlighting the small
number of provisions in that lower courts have
found to confer individual rights and noting the near unanim-
ity of the Circuits as to each provision's enforceability).
And the lower courts have consistently refused to recognize
individual rights in the Medicaid Act's various other state-
plan provisions. Ibid.
Meanwhile, the vast majority of the provisions on the Med-
icaid Act's list of state-plan requirements have never gener-
ated any litigation whatsoever. There is thus little
reason to think that a decision holding that the free-choice-
of-provider provision confers individual rights would unleash
a sudden torrent of suits under the Act's other state-
plan provisions. Indeed, recent history confrms as much:
Page Proof Pending Publication
Prior to 2017, every Circuit to consider the question had held
that the free-choice-of-provider provision confers an individ-
ual right enforceable under. See, supra. But
those decisions did not spawn a bevy of suits seeking
to enforce other state-plan provisions.
Nor were the foodgates opened by this Court's decisions
in Wilder, Blessing, or any other cases that predate the re-
strictive test for enforceability that this Court
adopted in Gonzaga. As the majority readily acknowledges,
prior to Gonzaga, the Court "experimented with a different
approach." Ante, at 375. Indeed, in Gonzaga itself, the
Court rationalized its newly restrictive approach to 
enforceability by indicating that some lower courts had be-
come too permissive in recognizing enforceable statutory
rights. 536 U. S., at 283. Yet, even during the pre-Gonzaga
period, there is no evidence that lower courts treated the
Medicaid Act -- which spans multiple volumes of the U. S.
Code -- as a wellspring of generally enforceable rights.
Rather, the state of affairs before our tightening of the test
416 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

reinforces that the free-choice-of-provider provision is, in
fact, the "atypical" spending statute that creates individual
rights, Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183 -- contrary to the majority's
assertions otherwise. Ante, at 380, 383.

C
Finally, Justice Thomas's concurrence calls for a "funda-
mental reexamination of our jurisprudence" based on
his view that the "history of makes clear that the stat-
ute has exceeded its original limits." Ante, at 386, 397.
Because his opinion is not tethered to the specifc facts or
arguments presented in this case, an extensive response is
not necessary here. But it is worth pausing briefy to think
about whether the historical account he offers refects the
level of depth, nuance, or context needed to support the
wholesale reappraisal he is envisioning.
Take his observation that courts decided relatively few
Page Proof Pending Publication
cases under during its frst several decades. Ante, at
387 -- 388. Like other skeptics, Justice Thomas seems
to view the paucity of early lawsuits as evidence that
the statute was originally understood to do very little. But
other explanations come to mind, too -- such as the fact that
fling civil rights lawsuits during the Jim Crow era could be
quite perilous, especially for the people whom the statute
was originally meant to beneft. Many would-be plaintiffs
had reason to fear that fling a lawsuit would lead to physical
or economic reprisals.9 Add to that the diffculty of fnding
a lawyer, prevailing before often-hostile juries, and (if suc-

9
See, e. g., M. Klarman, From Jim Crow to Civil Rights: The Supreme
Court and the Struggle for Racial Equality 49 (2004) (Klarman) (explaining
that, "[b]y the 1890s, southern black challenges to segregation would have
invited physical retaliation and perhaps even lynching"); Equal Justice
Initiative, Bob Hudson Lynched and Wife Beaten in Weakley County, Ten-
nessee (last visited June 15, 2025), https://calendar.eji.org/racial-injustice/
oct/9 (recounting the lynching of a Black man whose wife had fled a civil
suit against a White man).
 Cite as: (2025) 417

Jackson, J., dissenting

cessful) enforcing a judgment, and it is not hard to imagine
that the dearth of lawsuits in the wake of Reconstruc-
tion might have myriad alternative explanations.10
Justice Thomas also suggests that the word "rights," as
used in, was originally understood more narrowly than
it is today. Ante, at 393 -- 397. But his support for that
claim is limited to a handful of late-19th-century cases,
mostly about government pensions and employment. If "a
statute's meaning turns on what its words `conveyed to rea-
sonable people at the time they were written,' " ante, at 391,
a broader -- and more inclusive -- survey of historical sources
would seem to be in order.11
All of which is to say: more caution (and more research)
may be warranted before our longstanding precedents in this
area can be seriously scrutinized or attacked -- especially in
cases where no party has made such a claim or presented
any such argument.
* * *
Page Proof Pending Publication
Congress enacted the Medicaid Act's free-choice-of-
provider provision to ensure that Medicaid recipients have
the right to choose their own doctors. The Court's decision
to foreclose Medicaid recipients from using to enforce
that provision thwarts Congress's will twice over: once, in
dulling the tool Congress created for enforcing all federal
rights, and again in vitiating one of those rights altogether.
The Court's decision today is not the frst to so weaken
the landmark civil rights protections that Congress enacted

10
See Klarman 48 -- 49 (describing the dearth of lawyers willing to litigate
civil rights cases, the lack of sympathy among southern juries, and the
unlikelihood that local authorities would be willing to enforce judgments
obtained by certain civil rights plaintiffs).
11
E. g., Colored People's Convention of the State of South Carolina (1865,
Charleston, SC), Colored Conventions Project Digital Records (last visited
June 15, 2025), https://omeka.coloredconventions.org/ items/show/570
(" `Right' is defned to be the just claim, ownership, or lawful title which a
person has to anything").
418 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Jackson, J., dissenting

during the Reconstruction Era. See, e. g., Civil Rights
Cases, (1883); United States v. Cruikshank, (1876); Blyew v. United States, 13 Wall. 581 (1872).
That means we do have a sense of what comes next: as with
those past rulings, today's decision is likely to result in tangi-
ble harm to real people. At a minimum, it will deprive Med-
icaid recipients in South Carolina of their only meaningful
way of enforcing a right that Congress has expressly granted
to them. And, more concretely, it will strip those South
Carolinians -- and countless other Medicaid recipients around
the country -- of a deeply personal freedom: the "ability to
decide who treats us at our most vulnerable." Kerr, 95
F. 4th, at 169. The Court today disregards Congress's ex-
press desire to prevent that very outcome.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 374, line 14: "brought" is inserted before "under"
p. 404, line 6 from bottom: "or" is changed to "and"

============================================================

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins,
dissenting from the denial of certiorari.
Petitioner asks us to grant review in this case to recon-
sider United States v. Kagama, (1886).
Kagama helped usher into our case law the theory that the
federal government enjoys "plenary power" over the inter-
nal affairs of Native American Tribes. It is a theory that
should make this Court blush. Not only does that notion
lack any foundation in the Constitution; its roots lie instead
only in archaic prejudices. This Court is responsible for
Kagama, and this Court holds the power to correct it. We
should not shirk from the task.
As "sovereign and independent states," Native American
Tribes have governed their internal affairs "from time im-
memorial." Worcester v. Georgia, 6 Pet. 515, 559 -- 561 (1832). Among the sovereign
powers Tribes have always enjoyed is the power to redress
crimes involving their own peoples. Reflecting as much, a
great many Tribes today have courts, not wholly unlike
those found in States and counties across the country, open
to render justice when one tribal member commits an of-
fense against another on tribal land.
In the Major Crimes Act of 1885, the federal government
sought to curtail these traditional sovereign tribal powers.
There, Congress effectively wrote its own Indian criminal
code, directing that tribal members who commit certain ma-
jor crimes against other tribal members within "Indian
2 VENENO v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

country" may be tried and punished in federal court.
Kagama, 118 U. S., at 377; see 23 Stat. 385. The Act may
not have completely displaced tribal criminal-justice au-
thorities. See United States v. Wheeler, -- 
331 (1978). Even so, the law surely represented a sweeping
assertion of federal power, one that would be unthinkable
elsewhere in the United States. Yes, of course, Congress
may adopt a variety of criminal laws consistent with its
"limited" and "enumerated" powers under the Constitution.
McCulloch v. Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316, 406 (1819). But, no,
Congress does not enjoy some "general right to punish"
crimes of its choosing "within... the States" however and
whenever it pleases. Cohens v. Virginia, 6 Wheat. 264, 426
(1821). Our Constitution "withhold[s] from Congress" that
kind of "plenary police power." United States v. Lopez, (1995).
Despite these foundational principles, this Court in
Kagama upheld the Major Crimes Act. To arrive at that
result, the Court relied on "little more than ipse dixit."
Haaland v. Brackeen, (2023) (THOMAS,
J., dissenting). It had to. Congress's limited and enumer-
ated powers no more include some plenary power over the
internal affairs of Tribes than they do over the internal af-
fairs of States. Id., at 318 -- 319 (GORSUCH, J., concurring).
Kagama itself all but admitted as much. Before the
Court, the federal government argued that the Act repre-
sented a permissible exercise of Congress's power under the
Constitution's Indian Commerce Clause. See Art. I, cl. 3; Brief for United States in United States v. Kagama,
O. T. 1885, No. 1246, p. 23. But the Court rejected that ar-
gument, and rightly so, calling it "a very strained construc-
tion of th[e] clause." Kagama, 118 U. S., at 378. In the Ma-
jor Crimes Act, after all, the federal government asserted
the power to regulate crimes between tribal members on
tribal land "without any reference to their relation to any
kind of commerce." Id., at 378 -- 379. And
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

while the Indian Commerce Clause may afford Congress
considerable authority over "bilateral relations with the
Tribes," nothing in it authorizes Congress to "reassign to
the federal government inherent sovereign authorities that
belong to the Tribes." Brackeen, 599 U. S., at 320, 325
(GORSUCH, J., concurring) (internal quotation marks and
alterations omitted).
Having dismissed the government's central defense of the
Act, the Court was left to advance a hodgepodge of others
with no more secure a constitutional footing. First, the
Court invoked the Territories Clause. Kagama, 118 U. S.,
at 379 -- 381. But that provision affords Congress only the
power to make "needful Rules and Regulations" for "Terri-
tor[ies]... belonging to the United States." Art. IV, cl.
2. And while the Clause may allow Congress to establish
local governments in Territories belonging to the Nation be-
fore they enter the Union as States, it does not authorize
Congress "to exercise municipal jurisdiction" over non-fed-
eral lands within a State and over which another sovereign
exercises authority. See Lessee of Pollard v. Hagan, 3 How.
212, 223 -- 224 (1845). Accordingly, that Clause can hardly
supply authority for Congress to regulate conduct on tribal
lands within States. Nor, for that matter, does the Clause,
rightly understood, endow the federal government with ple-
nary power even within the Territories themselves. United
States v. Vaello Madero, -- 185 (2022)
(GORSUCH, J., concurring).
Next, and leaving the Constitution behind, the Kagama
Court gestured to the European doctrine of discovery. 118
U. S., at 381 -- 382. But our Constitution makes no mention
of that doctrine. Nor, at least as conceived by the Marshall
Court shortly after the Nation's founding, does the doctrine
imply plenary federal power over internal tribal affairs. As
that Court put it, even after the European "discovery" of
North America, Tribes remained "distinct, independent po-
litical communities retaining their original natural rights,"
4 VENENO v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

with only "the single exception" that they could have no "in-
tercourse with any other European potentate than the first
discoverer." Worcester, 6 Pet., at 546, 559.
From this, one might glean that the discovery doctrine
meant one European nation could assert certain exclusive
"rights" of intercourse with Tribes as "against all other Eu-
ropean" claimants. R. Clinton, The Proclamation of 1763:
Colonial Prelude to Two Centuries of Federal-State Conflict
Over the Management of Indian Affairs, 69 B. U. L. Rev.
329, 332, (1989). Perhaps, too, the doctrine meant that
a private party could not buy tribal land without approval
from the relevant European national authority. Johnson's
Lessee v. McIntosh, 8 Wheat. 543, 604 -- 605 (1823). But even
on its own terms, the Marshall Court appreciated, the dis-
covery doctrine did nothing to strip Native American Tribes
of "the rights which belong to self government." Worcester,
6 Pet., at 580; see also K. Richotte, The Worst Trickster
Story Ever Told: Native America, the Supreme Court, and
the U. S. Constitution 26 -- 27 (2025); N. Newton, Federal
Power Over Indians: Its Sources, Scope, and Limitations,
132 U. Pa. L. Rev. 195, 208 -- 210 (1984).*
Lacking any other way to uphold the Act, the Kagama
Court ultimately resorted to archaic colonial prejudices no-
where found in our republican Constitution and wholly an-
tithetical to it. The Major Crimes Act, the Court insisted,
should be left to stand because "Indian tribes are the wards
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Even as articulated by the Marshall Court, the discovery doctrine
leaves much to be desired. If "discovering" a land is enough to secure
certain rights over it, one might wonder why Native Americans hadn't
obtained those rights over their lands long before Europeans arrived. As
one commentator had already asked by the time of the Nation's founding:
"If sailing along a coast can give a right to a country, then might the
people of Japan become, as soon as they please, the proprietors of Brit-
ain"? R. Price, Observations on the Nature of Civil Liberty, the Princi-
ples of Government, and the Justice and Policy of the War with America
23 (1776) (emphasis deleted).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

of the nation" and "communities dependent on the United
States... for their daily food." 118 U. S., at 383 -- 384 (em-
phasis in original). Their "very weakness and helpless-
ness," the Court continued, imposed a "duty of protection"
upon Congress that came with a corresponding "power."
Id., at 384. As the Court saw it, "[t]he power of the General
Government over these remnants of a race once powerful,
now weak and diminished in numbers, [was] necessary to
their protection." Ibid.
For decades, what followed in Kagama's wake was more
of the same. In one decision after another, this Court did
not look to the Constitution for guidance on the scope of the
federal government's powers over tribal affairs. Instead,
and often citing Kagama as authority, the Court suggested
that the government could exercise a free-floating "[p]le-
nary authority" over Tribes because they are "wea[k] and
helples[s]," Lone Wolf v. Hitchcock, 567
(1903), and composed of "simple, uninformed and inferior
people" who find themselves in the care of "a superior and
civilized nation," United States v. Sandoval, 46 (1913).
The plenary power theory Kagama helped spawn not only
lacked any basis in the Constitution. It also injected a new
"incoherence into our Indian-law jurisprudence." Brackeen,
599 U. S., at 329 (GORSUCH, J., concurring). Since the
founding and to this day, this Court has acknowledged that
Congress enjoys only limited and enumerated powers and
that Tribes are "sovereign and independent states."
Worcester, 6 Pet., at 561 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted); see also Wheeler, 435 U. S., at 331. Yet, thanks to de-
cisions like Kagama, this Court has also sometimes sug-
gested that Congress enjoys plenary power to "regulate
virtually every aspect of the tribes." United States v. Lara,
-- 215 (2004) (THOMAS, J., concurring in
judgment). "Those two propositions of course clash"
6 VENENO v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

because "only one is true." Brackeen, 599 U. S., at 330
(GORSUCH, J., concurring).
Embarrassed equally by the lawlessness of decisions from
the "high plenary power era" and the incoherence they in-
troduced into our case law, this Court has, with time,
beaten a slow retreat from them. See S. Cleveland, Powers
Inherent in Sovereignty: Indians, Aliens, Territories, and
the Nineteenth Century Origins of Plenary Power over For-
eign Affairs, 81 Texas L. Rev. 1, 62 (2002); see also Brack-
een, 599 U. S., at 326 -- 330 (GORSUCH, J., concurring) (trac-
ing these developments). Just two years ago, that retreat
found notable expression in Brackeen where this Court once
again recognized that the Constitution affords Congress
only "a series of enumerated powers, not a series of blank
checks," and that, "like the rest of its legislative powers,
Congress's authority to regulate Indians must derive from
the Constitution, not the atmosphere." Id., at 273, 276 (ma-
jority opinion); see also id., at 330 (GORSUCH, J., concur-
ring).
That is exactly right. And it is exactly why this Court
must confront decisions, like Kagama, that cannot be ex-
plained by the Constitution, but only by the atmosphere of
their times. I regret that the Court declines to take up that
challenge today. But whether the day of reckoning for the
plenary power theory comes sooner or later, it must come.
Nor is that day to be feared. If this Court were to over-
turn Kagama, Tribes could exercise their sovereign powers
to address "major" crimes among Indians, something this
Court has no business assuming they are too "inferior" or
"weak" to do without supervision from a "superior" people.
Equally, if Tribes and the government decide that a degree
of federal involvement in tribal justice is mutually benefi-
cial, the Constitution affords a lawful way to achieve that
end: by treaty. Art. II, cl. 2; see Worcester, 6 Pet., at
550 -- 551. The government may be out of practice using that
tool. See Act of Mar. 3, 1871, 16 Stat. 566. But Congress
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

often addressed criminal justice matters in treaties with
Tribes before the Major Crimes Act, and it could do so
again. See, e.g., 7 Stat. 40 -- 41; 15 Stat. 635 -- 636.
Doubtless, as the government stresses in its opposition to
this petition, many of this Court's plenary power decisions
have stood for years. Brief in Opposition 22 -- 24. But the
same was once said in defense of Plessy v. Ferguson, (1896), and Korematsu v. United States, (1944). And, as with those cases, our plenary power
decisions demand reconsideration if this Court is ever to
bring coherence to the law and make good on its promise of
fidelity to the Constitution. A matter so grave " 'can[not] be
settled until settled right.' " F. Coudert, The Evolution of
the Doctrine of Territorial Incorporation, 26 Colum. L. Rev.
823, 842 (1926).

============================================================

Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Statement of GORSUCH, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
CORRINE MORGAN THOMAS, ET AL. v. HUMBOLDT
COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, ET AL.
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
No. 24 -- 1180. Decided October 14, 2025

The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.
Statement of JUSTICE GORSUCH respecting the denial of
certiorari.
In Minneapolis & St. Louis R. Co. v. Bombolis, (1916), this Court held that the Seventh Amend-
ment's civil jury trial right is not enforceable against the
States. Petitioners ask us to reconsider that decision. But
a number of "vehicle" problems make it unlikely that we
could do so in this case. See Brief in Opposition 21 -- 44. Ac-
cordingly, I agree with the Court's decision to deny review.
At the same time, I do not doubt that Bombolis warrants a
second look.
As petitioners observe, Bombolis is something of a relic.
There, the Court dismissed as "strange" the notion that the
Seventh Amendment -- or, for that matter, any of the Bill of
Rights -- might be enforceable against the States. 241 U. S.,
at 217 -- 218. But what once might have seemed strange al-
most goes without saying today. In the years since Bom-
bolis, this Court has "shed any reluctance" about the idea
that the Fourteenth Amendment "incorporate[s]" against
the States many of the liberties enshrined in the Bill of
Rights. McDonald v. Chicago, (2010).
To be sure, debates exist around the edges. There are, for
example, those who hold that the Fourteenth Amendment
incorporates provisions of the Bill of Rights through its Due
Process Clause, while others believe that the Privileges or
Immunities Clause supplies the truer source of authority
2 THOMAS v. HUMBOLDT COUNTY

Statement of GORSUCH, J.

for the job. See generally Timbs v. Indiana, (2019) (GORSUCH, J., concurring). Similarly, some have
argued that the Fourteenth Amendment selectively incor-
porates only fundamental or deeply rooted aspects of the
Bill of Rights, while others have suggested that, under that
test or any other, the Fourteenth Amendment renders all of
the first eight Amendments enforceable against the States.
Compare Wolf v. Colorado, (1949) (over-
ruled by Mapp v. Ohio, (1961)), with Adamson
v. California, -- 75 (1947) (Black, J., dissent-
ing).
But whatever one's position on matters like those, it is
hard to imagine how the Seventh Amendment might not be
among those rights the Fourteenth Amendment secures
against the States. Under this Court's contemporary case
law, States must respect the First Amendment's Establish-
ment Clause, the Second Amendment's right to bear arms,
the Fifth Amendment's protections against self-incrimina-
tion and its Takings Clause, the Eighth Amendment's Ex-
cessive Fines Clause; the list goes on. See, e.g., McDonald,
561 U. S., at 764, ; Timbs, 586 U. S., at 150 (majority
opinion). On what account should the Seventh Amendment
be treated differently?
Surely, those who founded our Nation considered the
right to trial by jury a fundamental part of their birthright.
See SEC v. Jarkesy, (2024). So much so
that they cited its deprivation at the hands of colonial au-
thorities as one of the reasons for breaking ties with Eng-
land. Ibid. After the Revolution, too, the new States
promptly "restored the institution... to its prior promi-
nence." Parklane Hosiery Co. v. Shore, -- 
341 (1979) (Rehnquist, J., dissenting). "Indeed, [t]he right
to trial by jury was probably the only one universally se-
cured by the first American state constitutions." Id., at 341. If the Federalists and
Anti-Federalists disagreed about anything when it came to
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Statement of GORSUCH, J.

the civil jury trial right, it may have only been about
whether the right was "the most important of all individual
rights, or simply one of the most important rights." K.
Klein, The Myth of How to Interpret the Seventh Amend-
ment Right to a Civil Jury Trial, 53 Ohio St. L. J. 1005,
1010 (1992) (emphasis in original).
Nor had much changed by the time of the Fourteenth
Amendment's adoption. The right to a civil jury trial re-
mained so deeply rooted that perhaps 97% of Americans at
the time lived in States that guaranteed the right. See S.
Calabresi & S. Agudo, Individual Rights Under State Con-
stitutions When the Fourteenth Amendment Was Ratified
in 1868, 87 Texas L. Rev. 7, 116 (2008). In fact, the civil
jury trial right may have enjoyed even more robust protec-
tion in American States than various other rights this
Court has deemed fit for incorporation. See Timbs, 586
U. S., at 152 (35 out of 37 States expressly forbade excessive
fines at the time of the Fourteenth Amendment's adoption);
McDonald, 561 U. S., at 777 (22 of the 37 States "explicitly
protected the right to keep and bear arms" in 1868).
That Bombolis lingers on the books not only leaves our
law misshapen, it subjects ordinary Americans to a two-
tiered system of justice. Take just one example. When a
federal agency accuses someone of fraud and seeks civil
penalties, the Seventh Amendment guarantees that indi-
vidual the right to have the case heard by a jury of his
peers -- not by other agency officials who work side by side
with those bringing the charges. See Jarkesy, 603 U. S., at
120 -- 121. But, thanks to Bombolis, state and local agencies
pursuing similar charges and similar relief sometimes
claim that they are free to dispense with the hassle of prov-
ing their case to a jury. For those in the government's cross-
hairs, that difference is no costless affair. No less than at
the founding, civil juries today play a critical role in check-
ing governmental overreach, holding public officials ac-
4 THOMAS v. HUMBOLDT COUNTY

Statement of GORSUCH, J.

countable, and ensuring a fair hearing for those who come
before our courts.
Bombolis may survive today, but this Court should con-
front its Seventh Amendment holding soon. A right " 'of
such importance,' " one that " 'occupies so firm a place in our
history,' " deserves no less. Jarkesy, 603 U. S., at 121 (quot-
ing Dimick v. Schiedt, (1935)).

============================================================

JUSTICE BARRETT, concurring in the partial grant of the
application for stay.
In recent months, the National Institutes of Health has
worked to align its funding with changed policy priorities
mandated by a series of executive orders. See Exec. Order
No. 14151, 90 Fed. Reg. 8339 (2025); Exec. Order
No. 14168, 90 Fed. Reg. 8615 (2025); Exec. Order
No. 14173, 90 Fed. Reg. 8633 (2025). NIH issued internal
guidance documents describing those priorities: Going
forward, the agency will not fund research related to DEI
objectives, gender identity, or COVID -- 19. Nor will it
continue the practice of awarding grants to researchers
based on race. After review, NIH issued numerous
decisions terminating existing grants, and various
plaintiffs sued, challenging the guidance documents and
their individual grant terminations under the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

BARRETT, J., concurring

Administrative Procedure Act. The District Court declared
unlawful and vacated both the guidance and the individual
terminations, and the First Circuit denied the
Government's request for a stay. Both courts treated NIH's
termination of grants and its issuance of guidance as
distinct agency actions. The Government sought a stay
from this Court.
As today's order states, the District Court likely lacked
jurisdiction to hear challenges to the grant terminations,
which belong in the Court of Federal Claims (CFC). See
Department of Ed. v. California, 604 U. S. ___ (2025)
(per curiam). In my view, however, the Government is not
entitled to a stay of the judgments insofar as they vacate
the guidance documents.
Plaintiffs frequently seek vacatur of internal agency
guidance on arbitrary-and-capricious grounds in district
court or directly in the D. C. Circuit. See, e.g., Ciox Health,
LLC v. Azar, 435 F. Supp. 3d 30 (DDC 2020) (challenge to
HHS guidance); POET Biorefining, LLC v. EPA, 970 F. 3d
392 (CADC 2020) (challenge to EPA guidance). That the
agency guidance discusses internal policies related to
grants does not transform a challenge to that guidance into
a claim "founded... upon" contract that only the CFC can
hear. 28 U. S. C. (1). So the District Court was
likely correct to conclude that it had jurisdiction to
entertain an APA challenge to the guidance, and it would
be confusing for our disposition of this application to
suggest that the CFC is the right forum for that claim.
THE CHIEF JUSTICE and JUSTICE JACKSON maintain that
because the District Court is the right forum for the
challenge to the guidance, it is necessarily also the right
forum for the challenge to the grant terminations. Post, at
1 (ROBERTS, C. J., concurring in part and dissenting in
part); post, at 14 -- 16 (JACKSON, J., concurring in part and
dissenting in part). Both logic and law, however, support
channeling challenges to the grant terminations and
4 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
BARRETT, J., concurring

guidance to different forums. First, logic: Vacating the
guidance does not reinstate terminated grants. If one
simply flowed from the other, the District Court would have
needed only to vacate the guidance itself. Cf. Bowen v.
Massachusetts, (1988) (one judgment
vacating HHS decision). Here, by contrast, the District
Court separately "vacated" the grant terminations and
ordered the Government to pay plaintiffs sums due under
the agreements "forthwith." App. to Application 160a.
Second, law: Even if the guidance and grant terminations
are linked, vacating the guidance does not necessarily void
decisions made under it, as the First Circuit recognized.
145 F. 4th 39, 50 (CA1 2025); see also, e.g., D. A. M. v. Barr,
486 F. Supp. 3d 404, 415 (DDC 2020) (vacatur does not
necessarily "eras[ e] from legal existence all past
adjudications under the vacated rule"). The claims are
legally distinct. And if the CFC has exclusive jurisdiction
over the grant terminations, see California, 604 U. S., at
___, the plaintiffs cannot end-run that limit
simply by packaging them with a challenge to agency
guidance.1
Two-track litigation results from "[t]he jurisdictional
scheme governing actions against the United States," which
"often requires... plaintiffs to file two actions in different
courts to obtain complete relief in connection with one set
of facts." United States v. Tohono O'odham Nation, (2011) (SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in
judgment); see also ibid. (stating that a claim seeking "to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Nor is JUSTICE JACKSON correct to say that this approach leaves the

plaintiffs without any prospect of relief. Post, at 14 -- 15. Each forum has
the authority to fully adjudicate the claims over which it has jurisdiction.
If the CFC concludes that the Government breached a grant agreement,
it may award relief to the grantee. If a district court decides that agency
guidance violates the APA, it may vacate the guidance, preventing the
agency from using it going forward. JUSTICE JACKSON's fundamental
objection is to sending the grant-termination claims to the CFC, but
California already addressed that question.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

BARRETT, J., concurring

set aside agency action must proceed in district court, but a
claim that the same agency action constitutes a taking of
property requiring just compensation must proceed in the
CFC"). True, plaintiffs cannot necessarily sue the
government in two forums simultaneously. As JUSTICE
JACKSON notes, 28 U. S. C. bars CFC jurisdiction
over claims pending in other courts when those claims arise
from " 'substantially the same operative facts.' " Post, at 15,. If the challenges to the guidance and grant
terminations have the requisite factual overlap -- and I am
not sure that they do -- the plaintiffs will have to proceed
sequentially rather than simultaneously. But we have
previously explained that the statutory scheme puts
plaintiffs to precisely this choice, Tohono O'odham Nation,
563 U. S., at 316 -- 317, and we have rejected the argument
that it is unfair to require plaintiffs "to choose between
partial remedies available in different courts," id., at 316.
Suits against the United States are "available by grace and
not by right," and the relief available is subject to the
conditions Congress sets. Id., at 317. Because of those
conditions, my preliminary judgment is that the plaintiffs'
challenges to the grant terminations belong in the CFC, and
their APA challenges to the guidance belong in district
court.
Of course, whether claims about the guidance in this case
will succeed is another question. It is not obvious, for
instance, that NIH's guidance is final agency action. Yet
the Government did not press this argument -- or any
other -- in its stay application.2 Instead, its application
largely ignores the guidance, which suggests that this
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Citing stray references to the guidance, JUSTICE KAVANAUGH draws a

different conclusion. Post, at 1 -- 2 (opinion concurring in part and
dissenting in part). I respectfully disagree with his reading of the filings.
In my view, the Government plainly raised merits-based arguments
regarding the grant terminations, not the guidance. See Application 29 -- 
34.
6 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
BARRETT, J., concurring

aspect of the judgments causes it no irreparable harm. The
Government has therefore failed to show that it is entitled
to a stay of the judgments insofar as they vacate the
guidance. Of course, it remains free to challenge the
District Court's vacatur of the guidance before the First
Circuit.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Opinion of ROBERTS, C. J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A103
_________________

NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH, ET AL. v.
AMERICAN PUBLIC HEALTH
ASSOCIATION, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[August 21, 2025]

CHIEF JUSTICE ROBERTS, with whom JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR, JUSTICE KAGAN, and JUSTICE JACKSON join,
concurring in part and dissenting in part.
In my view, the District Court's vacatur of the challenged
directives distinguishes this case from Department of Ed. v.
California, 604 U. S. ___ (2025) (per curiam). This relief -- 
which has prospective and generally applicable
implications beyond the reinstatement of specific grants -- 
falls well within the scope of the District Court's
jurisdiction under the Administrative Procedure Act, 5
U. S. C. et seq. And if the District Court had
jurisdiction to vacate the directives, it also had jurisdiction
to vacate the "Resulting Grant Terminations." App. to
Application 148a -- 152a. The Government has neither
contended that the terminations did not result from the
directives, nor contested the District Court's conclusion
that the directives constituted final agency action. To the
contrary, it has taken the position that the District Court's
two remedies are "inseparable," Reply 5, and that the
directives set forth "a uniform policy" that was
"implement[ed]... globally," Application 33. In such
circumstances, the District Court was not "required... to
split [the case] into two parts." Bowen v. Massachusetts,
(1988).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A103
_________________

NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH, ET AL. v.
AMERICAN PUBLIC HEALTH
ASSOCIATION, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[August 21, 2025]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE KAVANAUGH
joins, concurring in part and dissenting in part.
Lower court judges may sometimes disagree with this
Court's decisions, but they are never free to defy them. In
Department of Ed. v. California, 604 U. S. ___ (2025)
(per curiam), this Court granted a stay because it found the
government likely to prevail in showing that the district
court lacked jurisdiction to order the government to pay
grant obligations. California explained that "suits based on
'any express or implied contract with the United States' " do
not belong in district court under the Administrative Proce-
dure Act (APA), but in the Court of Federal Claims under
the Tucker Act. Id., at ___ (1)). Rather than follow that direction, the
district court in this case permitted a suit involving mate-
rially identical grants to proceed to final judgment under
the APA. As support for its course, the district court in-
voked the "persuasive authority" of "the dissent[s] in Cali-
fornia" and an earlier court of appeals decision California
repudiated. Massachusetts v. Kennedy, ___ F. Supp. 3d ___,
___ (Mass. 2025), App. to Application 232a (App.). That was
error. "[U]nless we wish anarchy to prevail within the fed-
eral judicial system, a precedent of this Court must be fol-
lowed by the lower federal courts no matter how misguided
2 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

the judges of those courts may think it to be." Hutto v. Da-
vis, (1982) (per curiam).
In casting California aside, the district court stressed
that the Court there granted only interim relief pending ap-
peal and a writ of certiorari and did not issue a final judg-
ment on the merits. ___ F. Supp. 3d, at ___, App. 229a.
True enough. But this Court often addresses requests for
interim relief -- sometimes pending a writ of certiorari, as in
California, and sometimes after a writ of certiorari is
granted, as in Mahmoud v. Taylor, 606 U. S. ___ (2025), and
Free Speech Coalition, Inc. v. Paxton, 606 U. S. ___ (2025).
And either way, when this Court issues a decision, it con-
stitutes a precedent that commands respect in lower courts.
Of course, decisions regarding interim relief are not nec-
essarily "conclusive as to the merits" because further litiga-
tion may follow. Trump v. Boyle, 606 U. S. ___ (2025). But regardless of a decision's procedural posture,
its "reasoning -- its ratio decidendi" -- carries precedential
weight in "future cases." Ramos v. Louisiana, (2020) (opinion of GORSUCH, J.); see also Bucklew v.
Precythe, (2019) ("[J]ust as binding as [a]
holding is the reasoning underlying it"). And California's
reasoning was clear. There, the Court explained that "the
APA's limited waiver of immunity does not extend to orders
to enforce a contractual obligation to pay money.... In-
stead, the Tucker Act grants the Court of Federal Claims
jurisdiction over suits based on any express or implied con-
tract with the United States." 604 U. S., at ___. That reasoning
binds lower courts as a matter of vertical stare decisis.
Moreover, even probabilistic holdings -- such as Califor-
nia's top-line conclusion that "the Government is likely to
succeed in showing the District Court lacked jurisdiction to
order the payment of money under the APA," id., at ___ -- ___
( -- 2) -- must "inform how a [lower] court" pro-
ceeds "in like cases,'' Boyle, 606 U. S., at ___.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

If nothing else, the promise of our legal system that like
cases are treated alike means that a lower court ought not
invoke the "persuasive authority" of a dissent or a repudi-
ated court of appeals decision to reach a different conclusion
on an equivalent record. ___ F. Supp. 3d, at ___, App. 232a.
To be sure, beyond expressing mere disagreement with
California, the district court also sought to distinguish it.
But that effort failed too. This case, the district court as-
serted, is "somewhat different" from California because the
"only claim" there concerned the denial of "previously
awarded discretionary grants." ___ F. Supp. 3d, at ___,
App. 228a. But the
same holds true here. The only injury the district court
sought to remedy in its judgments stems from the govern-
ment's denial of previously awarded discretionary grants.
Accordingly, California controls.
Perhaps sensing the problems with the district court's ap-
proach, the court of appeals tried to distinguish California
in still two other ways. First, the court of appeals suggested
that the district court had not invoked the APA to order the
government to pay money in defiance of California, but in-
stead invoked the APA only to vacate the government's de-
cision to terminate respondents' grants. 145 F. 4th 39, 51
(CA1 2025). This Court's precedents, however, cannot be so
easily circumvented. An order vacating the government's
decision to terminate grants under the APA is in every
meaningful sense an order requiring the government to pay
those grants. Even the district court recognized as much,
instructing the government that its "vacation of " the grant
terminations should "result in forthwith... disbursement
of funds" pursuant to the grants. App. 160a -- 161a. Second,
the court of appeals asserted that, unlike in California, the
claims here do not "depen[d] on the terms and conditions of
the grant awards." 145 F. 4th, at 52. But that is also incor-
rect. In both cases, respondents' injury and alleged right to
payment stem from the government's refusal to pay
4 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

promised grants according to the terms and conditions that
accompany them.1
For these reasons, I concur in the Court's decision to stay
the district court's judgments vacating the grant termina-
tions. If the district court's failure to abide by California
were a one-off, perhaps it would not be worth writing to ad-
dress it. But two months ago another district court tried to
"compel compliance" with a different "order that this Court
ha[d] stayed." Department of Homeland Security v.
D. V. D., 606 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (KAGAN, J., concurring). Still another district court recently diverged
from one of this Court's decisions even though the case at
hand did not differ "in any pertinent respect" from the one
this Court had decided. Boyle, 606 U. S., at ___. So this is now the third time in a matter of weeks this
Court has had to intercede in a case "squarely controlled"
by one of its precedents. Ibid. All these interventions
should have been unnecessary, but together they under-
score a basic tenet of our judicial system: Whatever their
own views, judges are duty-bound to respect "the hierarchy
of the federal court system created by the Constitution and
Congress." Hutto, 454 U. S., at 375.2
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 JUSTICE JACKSON's dissent suggests that individuals enjoy a free-

floating "right" under the APA to ensure the government "engage[s] in
reasoned decisionmaking." Post, at 13, 16. But that, too, is mistaken.
To sue under the APA, a litigant must "suffe[r] legal wrong because of
agency action." 5 U. S. C.. And here, the alleged legal wrong the
district court sought to remedy was the government's failure to pay
promised grants, a point the dissent itself elsewhere acknowledges. See
post, at 13, (observing that respondents' "injury and right to payment
actually stem from the Government's allegedly arbitrary and capricious
termination of their grant funding" (emphasis in original)).
2 I would also have stayed the remainder of the district court's judg-

ments, which vacated internal agency guidance. The only injury that
gave respondents standing to obtain that relief was the termination of
pre-existing grants. See Application 25 -- 26; Reply 4 -- 5; post, at 15 (JACK-
SON, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part). True, respondents in
this case also asserted injuries from the guidance based on the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
government's alleged failure to process new grant applications. But the
district court declined to pass on those allegations, and they therefore
cannot provide a basis for the judgments. See Application 25 -- 26; ___
F. Supp. 3d ___, ___ (Mass. 2025), App. 208a; App. to Respondent States'
Opposition 105a -- 106a. So all claims on which the district court rendered
judgment were "based on" respondents' contracts with the government,
and those judgments were thus entered without jurisdiction. California,
604 U. S., at ___.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A103
_________________

NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH, ET AL. v.
AMERICAN PUBLIC HEALTH
ASSOCIATION, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[August 21, 2025]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring in part and dissenting
in part.
Like JUSTICES THOMAS, ALITO, and GORSUCH, I would
grant the Government's application for an interim stay in
full.
First, I agree with the Government (and the Court) that
plaintiffs' claims challenging NIH's grant terminations
likely belong in the Court of Federal Claims, not in federal
district court. This Court previously indicated as much in
the interim order in Department of Ed. v. California, 604
U. S. ___ (2025) (per curiam). The reason is
straightforward: The core of plaintiffs' suit alleges that the
Government unlawfully terminated their grants. That is a
breach of contract claim. And under the Tucker Act, such
claims must be brought in the Court of Federal Claims, not
federal district court. 28 U. S. C. (1).
Second, I also agree with the Government that plaintiffs'
challenge to NIH's guidance on grant terminations is likely
unavailing. For starters, it is not evident that plaintiffs'
challenge to the guidance is separable from their challenge
to the grant terminations. But even if it is, plaintiffs are
unlikely to succeed on the merits of their arbitrary and
capricious challenge to the guidance, for reasons that the
Government persuasively explained in its application to
this Court. See Application 29 -- 34; id., at 31 ("The district
2 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.

court's principal objection was that the NIH never defined
the term 'DEI.'... But there is no APA rule that agencies
define every term in every internal guidance document,
particularly when that guidance steers highly discretionary
decisions over how to allocate limited agency resources");
id., at 32 ("Here, the NIH's guidance described the
Administration's general priorities on research funding and
instructed implementation on a grant-by-grant basis");
ibid. ("Agency guidance documents do not need to come
with glossaries just to avoid APA invalidation"); Reply Brief
11 ("Respondents echo... the district court's criticism of
the guidance documents' failure to explicitly define DEI.
Respondents ignore case law holding that grant criteria
need not define terms with exacting precision").
Finally, the harms and equities are weighty on both
sides. But in my view, they tilt toward the Government
because plaintiffs have not represented that they would
return the grant money if the Government were to
ultimately prevail in the merits litigation.
JUSTICE JACKSON seems to suggest that we can avoid this
significant (albeit interim) forum-channeling decision by
simply denying the application. That is wrong. We have to
decide the application. Denying the application in whole
(as JUSTICE JACKSON and three others would do) would
mean that the suit belongs for now in the Federal District
Court or the First Circuit. Granting the application in
whole (as I and three others would do) would mean that the
suit belongs for now in the Court of Federal Claims.
Granting in part and denying in part (as the Court's order
does) means that the challenge to the grant terminations
belongs for now in the Court of Federal Claims and the
arbitrary and capricious claim belongs for now in the
Federal District Court or the First Circuit. For this Court,
there is no way to avoid deciding the application and
thereby making that interim forum-channeling decision.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.

* * *
For those reasons, I would grant the Government's
application for an interim stay in full.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A103
_________________

NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH, ET AL. v.
AMERICAN PUBLIC HEALTH
ASSOCIATION, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[August 21, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, concurring in part and dissenting in
part.
This past spring, as March turned to April, the Court took
a mere nine days to address a difficult and nuanced legal
issue: whether a federal district court or the Court of
Federal Claims has statutory jurisdiction over a claim that
the Government violated the Administrative Procedure Act
(APA), 5 U. S. C., by arbitrarily and capriciously
terminating federal grants en masse. See Department of
Ed. v. California, 604 U. S. ___ (2025) (per curiam). It chose
the Court of Federal Claims. Id., at ___. I
viewed the Court's intervention then -- in an emergency
stay posture, while racing against a fast-expiring
temporary restraining order -- as "equal parts unprincipled
and unfortunate." Id., at ___ (JACKSON, J., dissenting).
As it turns out, the Court's decision was an even bigger
mistake than I realized. The Court's reasoning in
California was not only "at the least under-developed, and
very possibly wrong," id., at ___ (KAGAN, J., dissenting), but also evidently resolved more than the
jurisdictional dispute over the particular education-related
grants at issue in that case. Today's decision reveals
California's considerable wingspan: That case's ipse dixit
now apparently governs all APA challenges to grant-
2 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of JACKSON, J.

funding determinations that the Government asks us to
address in the context of an emergency stay application. A
half paragraph of reasoning (issued without full briefing or
any oral argument) thus suffices here to partially sustain
the Government's abrupt cancellation of hundreds of
millions of dollars allocated to support life-saving
biomedical research.
For a cautionary tale about lawmaking on the emergency
docket, look no further than this newest iteration. By
today's order, an evenly divided Court neuters judicial
review of grant terminations by sending plaintiffs on a
likely futile, multivenue quest for complete relief. Neither
party to the case suggested this convoluted procedural
outcome, and no prior court has held that the law requires
it. But, in the view of the deciding vote, California compels
this conclusion. "So only another under-reasoned
emergency order undergirds today's." Trump v. Boyle, 606
U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (KAGAN, J., dissenting from grant of
application for stay).
The Court also lobs this grenade without evaluating
Congress's intent or the profound legal and practical
consequences of this ruling. Stated simply: With
potentially life-saving scientific advancements on the line,
the Court turns a nearly century-old statute aimed at
remedying unreasoned agency decisionmaking into a
gauntlet rather than a refuge. But we have no business
erecting a novel jurisdictional barrier to judicial review -- 
especially when it appears nowhere in the relevant statutes
and makes little sense. Because the Government's
application should have been denied in full, I respectfully
dissent in part.
I
Some background helps to clarify the character of the
governmental action the Court now bends over backward to
accommodate.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

A
The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is the largest
public funder of medical research in the world. Congress's
express instructions have enabled that status: By statute,
the NIH must "make grants-in-aid to universities,
hospitals, laboratories, and other public or private
institutions, and to individuals" to contribute to the effort
to diagnose, treat, and prevent "physical and mental
diseases and impairments of man." 42 U. S. C.,
(a)(3).
Various statutory provisions shape the NIH's discretion
in allocating these funds, including in ways that recognize
the importance of science for the study, healing, and service
of a diverse Nation. For instance, Congress requires the
National Cancer Institute, an institute within the NIH, to
fund "community-based programs designed to assist
women who are members of medically underserved
populations, low-income populations, or minority groups."
-- 6(c)(1)(C). And it instructs another NIH-based
institute, the National Institute on Minority Health and
Health Disparities, to "make awards of grants... for the
purpose of... supporting programs of excellence in
biomedical and behavioral research training for individuals
who are members of minority health disparity populations."
-- 1(a); see also, e.g., -- 2(a)(1) (requiring the NIH
to ensure that women and members of minority groups are
represented in the clinical research it supports).
Historically, the NIH has awarded multiyear grants
pursuant to established statutory criteria and objectives.
See, e.g., 42 CFR.5 (2024). Also historically, the NIH's
grant selection process has been rigorously scientific. See
Brief for Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC)
et al. as Amici Curiae 5 -- 8. Grant terminations, meanwhile,
have been rare; according to testimony in this case, the NIH
terminated fewer than six grants midstream in the 13 years
from 2012 to January 20, 2025.
4 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of JACKSON, J.

The NIH's implementation of its grantmaking obligations
changed dramatically in February 2025, after the President
signed a trio of executive orders instructing the
Government to stop diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI)
initiatives, "gender ideology" promotion, and COVID -- 19
research.1 In response, NIH leadership issued a series of
directives ordering termination, en masse, of existing
grants that the agency perceived as in tension with the new
Administration's policies.
A frantic process followed. As detailed by the District
Court, the NIH and its constituent institutes subsequently
engaged in a "wholesale effort to excise grants in 8
categories over a period of less than 90 days." ___ F. Supp.
3d ___, ___ (Mass. 2025), App. to Application 116a (App.).
When the dust settled, thousands of grants had been
canceled, including those supporting research into suicide
risk and prevention, HIV transmission, Alzheimer's, and
cardiovascular disease.
B
1
The two informally consolidated cases now before the
Court were brought by, first, a group of individual
researchers, doctors, and unions who depend on NIH
funding for their research; and, second, a coalition of 16
States, suing on behalf of their public universities. The
plaintiffs sued in Federal District Court, arguing that the
NIH had implemented the executive orders in a manner
that violated the APA, the separation of powers, the
Spending Clause, and the Constitution's prohibition
against ultra vires action.
Handling the case with dispatch, the District Court
initially analyzed what has become the Government's
primary contention: that the APA claim is really a breach-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See Exec. Order No. 14151, 90 Fed. Reg. 8339 (2025); Exec. Order

No. 14168, 90 Fed. Reg. 8615; Exec. Order No. 14173, 90 Fed. Reg. 8633.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

of-contract suit, and that the Tucker Act, 28 U. S. C.,
therefore channels the case to the Court of Federal Claims
rather than the District Court. As it does here, the
Government took inspiration from this Court's recent order
in California. But the District Court concluded that
California was "somewhat different," Massachusetts v.
Kennedy, ___ F. Supp. 3d ___, ___ (Mass. 2025), App. 228a,
such that Bowen v. Massachusetts, (1988),
controlled and permitted the case to remain in district
court.
The basic distinction, the court explained, is that while
breach-of-contract actions for money damages go to the
Claims Court, statutory actions to ensure compliance with
federal law belong in district court. California could be
conceived of as the former, insofar as it focused only on
"sums awarded... in previously awarded discretionary
grants." App. 228a. By
contrast, this action sought to prevent the NIH "from
violating the statutory grant-making architecture created
by Congress, replacing Congress' mandate with new
policies that directly contradict that mandate, and
exercising authority arbitrarily and capriciously" -- 
wheelhouse APA contentions. Id., at 235a.
After dismissing some of the plaintiffs' claims, the
District Court proceeded directly to a bench trial on the
merits. At the trial's conclusion, the District Court reserved
judgment on most claims but ruled on the one it was
"confident in" after "a careful review": that the challenged
directives and resulting terminations were arbitrary and
capricious, and so had to be set aside under the APA. Id.,
at 159a -- 160a; see 5 U. S. C. (A).
The District Court laid out its factual findings and legal
conclusions in a 103-page opinion. With respect to the
arbitrariness allegation, the District Court explained,
among other things, that "DEI" -- the central concept the
executive orders aimed to extirpate -- was nowhere defined,
6 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of JACKSON, J.

leaving individual agency employees "to arrive at whatever
conclusion [they] wishe[d]." ___ F. Supp. 3d, at ___, ___,
App. 126a -- 127a, 131a -- 132a. That definitional void left
them applying "circular and nonsensical boilerplate
language," id., at 129a, to cancel grants without
explanation or reason and in a manner that had "absolutely
nothing to do with the promotion of science or research," id.,
at 52a. In place of science, meanwhile, came something
more pernicious: The court found, as a factual matter, "an
unmistakable pattern of discrimination against women's
health issues" and "pervasive racial discrimination" -- 
indeed, "palpable" racial discrimination of a sort the judge
had "never seen" in 40 years on the bench. Id., at 45a -- 46a, 166a. The result was a policy of mass grant
terminations that was "breathtakingly arbitrary and
capricious." Id., at 124a. So the District Court declared
unlawful and vacated the challenged directives and the
"resulting... terminations" of the plaintiffs' grants. Id., at
148a -- 152a (capitalization omitted).
2
After the District Court entered partial final judgment,
the Government asked that court, and then the First
Circuit, to stay that judgment pending appeal. Both courts
declined. In response to the Government's primary
argument -- the Tucker Act one -- the First Circuit issued an
opinion that sought to "harmonize" this Court's decisions in
Bowen, ; Great-West Life & Annuity Ins. Co. v.
Knudson, (2002); and California, 604 U. S.
___. See 145 F. 4th 39, 50 (2025). It concluded that those
decisions permitted the District Court to enter, as it had,
" 'prospective relief ' that will govern 'the rather complex
ongoing relationshi[p]' between the [NIH] and grant
recipients," especially because the District Court's
determination did not depend on the terms of any contract.
Id., at 50 -- 51.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

The First Circuit's stay opinion also evaluated the
relative harms and compared the balance of the equities to
those in California. It concluded that these plaintiffs stood
to lose more and the Government less: Unlike in California,
these researchers lack the financial wherewithal to keep
their programs running on their own -- meaning a stay
would euthanize animal subjects, terminate life-saving
trials, and close community health clinics. And unlike in
California, there is no fast-expiring temporary restraining
order incentivizing a rushed drawdown of granted funds.
Accordingly, the First Circuit declined to stay the District
Court's partial judgment pending appeal.
C
The Government now asks us for a stay. To obtain one,
the Government must make "a strong showing" that it will
likely succeed on the merits, that it will be irreparably
harmed absent a stay, and that the balance of the equities
(including the public interest) favors a stay. See Nken v.
Holder, (2009). Because two lower courts have already denied
stays, the Government bears "an especially heavy burden"
to secure one from us. Edwards v. Hope Medical Group for
Women, (1994) (Scalia, J., in
chambers).
Yet, today, without any such showing, this Court gives
the Government much of what it asks for. It splits review
of the grant terminations from review of the grant
termination policy -- thereby preserving the mirage of
judicial review while eliminating its purpose: to remedy
harms. The Court now holds that a plaintiff who maintains
that the Government's midstream termination of promised
grant funding was "arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of
discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law," 5
U. S. C. (A), can file a claim in federal district court,
seeking to set aside the unlawful agency guidance that
8 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of JACKSON, J.

caused it to lose its grant. But if it wants the improperly
terminated grant funding restored, a lawsuit filed in
district court will not suffice; apparently, for that remedy,
the plaintiff has to bring another legal action in a different
court. See ante, at 3 -- 5 (BARRETT, J., concurring in partial
grant of application for stay).
It gets worse. From the logic (such as it is) of the Court's
order, it appears that a plaintiff 's pursuit of grant
reinstatement in the Court of Federal Claims -- where
today's ruling shunts them -- will be in vain, because the
Tucker Act "impliedly forbids" that plainly appropriate
relief. 5 U. S. C.. And worse still, the viability of the
initial district court action is also in doubt, since a plaintiff
seeking invalidation of an unlawful grant termination
policy standing alone (a posture that today's decision
requires) might still flunk the APA's final-agency-action
test. See ante, at 5 -- 6 (opinion of BARRETT, J.).
It would have been much simpler for the Court to just
announce that, regardless of the plain text of the APA or
what Congress intended to authorize, we no longer accept
that the Government's grant-termination decisions are
subject to arbitrary-and-capricious review or that vacatur
of an arbitrary grant-termination decision is an available
remedy. At least that would have been straightforward.
Instead, as I explain below, the Court obliquely rewrites
both the plaintiffs' complaint and the APA. First, it forces
the plaintiffs to allege that the agency has unlawfully
breached a grant contract when their actual claim is the
unlawful decisionmaking cause of action that the APA
plainly authorizes. Then, the Court adopts a bifurcated,
ultimately ineffectual approach to seeking complete relief
for the disfigured claim it has created. Today's order thus
effectively extinguishes district courts' power to "set aside"
arbitrary grant terminations, as that remedial power
necessarily involves the concomitant restoration of the
unlawfully terminated grant funding.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

Part II, below, explains why the Court's order is wrong
with respect to both the merits of the underlying
jurisdictional question and the claim-splitting procedure it
adopts. Part III demonstrates that the remaining,
nonmerits factors weigh heavily against the stay, which
means today's error will have grave real-world
consequences. Either way, the Government's emergency
application should have been denied in full.
II
A
A majority of the Court rightly rejects the Government's
frontline merits position: that this whole case belonged in
the Court of Federal Claims. Had it prevailed, that view
would have flatly contravened seven decades of
administrative law and practice. See, e.g., Sharp v.
Weinberger, 798 F. 2d 1521, 1523 (CADC 1986) (Scalia, J.).
It would have also carried astonishing implications -- 
including, by the Government's own admission, that no
court would have the power to vacate or enjoin a blatantly
discriminatory grant-related policy, such as a blanket ban
on federal grants to Black or Catholic researchers. See
Reply 7 -- 8.
Five Members of the Court reject that radical view today.
So, district courts may still exercise jurisdiction over -- and
vacate -- grant-related policies that contravene federal law,
including the one here, which this District Court considered
"breathtakingly arbitrary and capricious" and therefore set
aside under the APA. ___ F. Supp. 3d, at ___, App. 124a.
From there, this case should have been easy. The sole
legal conclusion the District Court reached concerned the
arbitrary and capricious (i.e., unlawful) nature of the
challenged directives. And those directives were the
undisputed basis for the plaintiffs' grant terminations.
Thus, in the District Court's view, as in mine, the remedy
for the unlawful grant-termination directives is obvious:
10 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of JACKSON, J.

invalidation of the policy and reinstatement of the
plaintiffs' grants. Accord, ante, at 1 (ROBERTS, C. J.,
concurring in part and dissenting in part). It is, after all,
an "uncontroversial" feature of APA review "that, when a
court with jurisdiction finds that the plaintiffs before it
were harmed by an agency decision issued under an illegal
rule, the court should vacate that wrongful decision as a
remedy." D. A. M. v. Barr, 486 F. Supp. 3d 404, 416 (DC
2020).
The Court's order deviates dramatically from this
ordinary, commonsense approach to APA review. Its
chosen approach -- splitting the directives from the grants -- 
implies one of two things. Either the Court doubts that the
grant terminations at issue here in fact resulted from the
unlawful directives; or it doubts that plaintiffs who prevail
in APA cases should see any benefit from their victory.
The Court's order does not own either implication -- and
for good reason. The District Court carefully reinstated (or,
more precisely, declared unlawful the termination of ) only
those grants whose termination "result[ed]" from the
directives. App. 148a -- 152a. The causal chain from policy
to termination is a factual question, and we are given no
basis upon which to second-guess the District Court's view.
Cf. Trump v. American Federation of Government
Employees, 606 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025) (JACKSON, J.,
dissenting from grant of application for stay) ( -- 
12). Indeed, not even the Government contests -- instead, it
emphasizes -- the fit between directive and implementation.
See, e.g., Application 25 -- 26; Reply 4 -- 5 ("the guidance led to
the termination of [the plaintiffs'] grants"); see also ante, at
1 (opinion of ROBERTS, C. J.). I also do not take the Court
to be revisiting, much less unsettling, the (recently
reaffirmed) basic principle that a prevailing plaintiff should
generally get to benefit from its victory. See, e.g., Franklin
v. Gwinnett County Public Schools, (1992)
(rejecting interpretation of a statute that would "leave
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

petitioner remediless"); cf. Trump v. CASA, Inc., 606 U. S.
___, ___ (2025) (courts should generally
grant "complete relief to the plaintiffs before the court"
(emphasis deleted)).
B
So there must be something different about this context -- 
some reason that, normal remedial principles
notwithstanding, a district court cannot order the
restoration of a plaintiff 's federal grants after it finds that
those grants were terminated pursuant to an unlawful
policy. For this, the Court turns to the Tucker Act. But the
Tucker Act likely has nothing to say about this case. It
certainly neither constructs the jurisdictional maze today's
order sketches nor requires the result today's order
presumes (i.e., no relief for unlawfully short-changed
grantee-plaintiffs).
The Government's jurisdictional argument lies,
ironically, at the intersection of two sovereign-immunity
waivers. The APA waives the Government's sovereign
immunity from claims complaining of unlawful agency
action and "seeking relief other than money damages." 5
U. S. C.. The Tucker Act waives the Government's
sovereign immunity from (as relevant here) money-
damages claims "founded... upon any express or implied
contract with the United States," and it sends such claims
(again, as relevant here) to the Court of Federal Claims. 28
U. S. C. (1); see United States v. Mitchell, (1983). The Government does not dispute that the
APA's waiver, by its terms, applies to the claims brought in
this lawsuit -- it does not, for instance, argue that these
plaintiffs seek "money damages." See Application 21 -- 22.
So the question is not whether sovereign immunity has been
waived but which waiver applies: the APA's or the Tucker
Act's.
12 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of JACKSON, J.

On this point, the APA itself offers guidance by means of
two intersection-navigating provisions. First and foremost,
the APA makes its cause of action available only if there is
"no other adequate remedy in a court." 5 U. S. C..
And, notably, the Government does not argue that district
court review is unavailable for failure to meet this
requirement. Nor could it reasonably do so, because the
Court of Federal Claims is authorized to award only money
damages for contract breaches, not reinstatement of grant
funding improperly terminated in violation of federal law.
By its plain terms, then, permits an APA lawsuit in
district court seeking the otherwise unavailable remedy of
grant reinstatement. See Bowen, 487 U. S., at 904 -- 905.
Recognizing that Bowen forecloses a 
argument, the Government points instead to. This
provision anticipates potential waiver overlap and
withdraws the APA's immunity waiver when plaintiffs
attempt to use the APA to obtain relief that "any other
statute that grants consent to suit expressly or impliedly
forbids." Section 702 thus "prevents plaintiffs from
exploiting the APA's waiver to evade limitations on suit
contained in other statutes." Match-E-Be-Nash-She-Wish
Band of Pottawatomi Indians v. Patchak, 
(2012).
But, of course, any statute that might preclude APA relief
via (by providing an adequate alternative remedy) or
(by forbidding the remedy sought) must be "addressed
to the type of grievance" the APA claim asserts. See id., at
220 -- 221 );
Maryland Dept. of Human Resources v. Department of
Health and Human Servs., 763 F. 2d 1441, 1449 (CADC
1985). The relevant part of the Tucker Act is "addressed to"
contract claims, which these are not.
These plaintiffs' legal claims have nothing at all to do
with individual grant contracts, nor do the plaintiffs seek
"past due sums" as relief. See Maine Community Health
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

Options v. United States, -- 327 (2020).
The plaintiffs do not argue that the Government shorted
any of its contractual obligations. Rather, they claim the
Government flubbed its most basic statutory one: to engage
in reasoned decisionmaking.2 And they seek not damages
for the Government's contract breach but a mandate that it
comply with federal law over the course of the parties'
"ongoing relationship." Bowen, 487 U. S., at 905.3 The
plaintiffs, in other words, "asser[t] a grievance altogether
different from the kind the [Tucker Act] concerns." Match-
E-Be-Nash-She-Wish Band, 567 U. S., at 216. And the
grievance they assert is "a garden-variety APA claim," id.,
at 220 -- which means it likely belongs in federal district
court.
The analysis should end there. The Government's sole
retort is that, in this context, a winning APA claim -- setting
aside the guidance and, consequently, vacating the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Thus, it mischaracterizes the plaintiffs' claims to construe them as

being based on a contract breach. It is simply not true that the plaintiffs'
"injury and alleged right to payment stem from the government's refusal
to pay promised grants according to the terms and conditions that
accompany them." Ante, at 3 -- 4 (GORSUCH, J., concurring in part and
dissenting in part). Indeed, from these plaintiffs' perspective, the terms
and conditions of the promised grants, and whether or not the
Government complied with them, are entirely beside the point -- 
regardless, the Government must act (make decisions, including the
decision to cancel grants) in accordance with federal law. So, as the
plaintiffs' complaints and arguments consistently maintain, their injury
and right to payment actually stem from the Government's allegedly
arbitrary and capricious termination of their grant funding in violation
of the APA.
3 See also, e.g., Transohio Sav. Bank v. Director, Office of Thrift

Supervision, 967 F. 2d 598, 610 (CADC 1992), abrogated on other
grounds as recognized in Perry Capital LLC v. Mnuchin, 864 F. 3d 591,
620 (CADC 2017) ("The lesson... is straightforward: under and the
Tucker Act, litigants may bring common-law contract claims only as
actions for money damages in the Claims Court, but they may bring
statutory and constitutional claims for specific relief in the federal
district court").
14 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of JACKSON, J.

resulting grant terminations -- would obligate it to pay
money to the plaintiffs. (This central tenet of the
Government's argument, by the way, is apparently not
shared by JUSTICE BARRETT, whose deciding vote causes a
winning APA claim somehow to confer no financial benefit
to the injured plaintiffs.) But we have long recognized that
such a mere "by-product" of APA review does not send a
case to the Court of Federal Claims. See Bowen, 487 U. S.,
at 910; accord, California, 604 U. S., at ___ 
("[A] district court's jurisdiction 'is not barred by the
possibility' that an order setting aside an agency's action
may result in the disbursement of funds" ); Department of State v. AIDS Vaccine
Advocacy Coalition, 604 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (ALITO, J.,
dissenting from denial of application to vacate order) ("Bowen simply recognized a basic reality of APA
review: after a court sets aside an agency action, a natural
consequence may be the release of funds to the plaintiff
down the road").
Given all this, I would have concluded, at least in this
preliminary posture, that the Tucker Act bears not at all on
this case.
C
But whatever the Tucker Act might have to say about
APA claims brought in cases like this one, it surely does not
compel the bizarre claim-splitting regime the Court
imposes today. After today's order, how are plaintiffs like
these -- federal grantees who believe their grants were
terminated pursuant to an unlawful policy -- to get complete
relief ? The Court does not say. The answer, it seems, is
they cannot.
Such a grantee can operate like the plaintiffs here did, by
filing an APA claim in district court challenging the policy
under which they lost their grants. Such a grantee can, like
the plaintiffs here, win that claim and have the policy set
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

aside as unlawful. And then -- what? The district court that
just set aside the unlawful policy apparently cannot
"adjudicate claims 'based on' " the grant terminations that
resulted from the policy (whatever that means after today)
or "order relief designed to enforce any ' "obligation to pay
money" ' pursuant to those grants." Ante, at 1 (order)
). But,
of course, it is the prospect of getting its wrongfully
terminated grant money that brings the grantee to court in
the first place. That prospect is also, one presumes, the only
(or at least the primary) reason the grantee has Article III
standing to sue at all.
Because past courts recognized the absurdity of such a
result, we have already rejected the argument that the
Tucker Act requires the District Court "to split" cases like
this "into two parts." Bowen, 487 U. S., at 911. Rather,
having struck down unlawful agency action, the District
Court "also had the authority to grant the complete relief "
that followed. Ibid.4 Under the rule the Court announces
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Not only does the Tucker Act not require splitting the case into two;

28 U. S. C. likely forbids it. That provision precludes Claims
Court jurisdiction over any claim that shares "substantially the same
operative facts" with a claim pending in another court, even if the claims
seek different relief. United States v. Tohono O'odham Nation, (2011). So, besides the obvious inefficiency of recruiting two
courts to do what one could, likely precludes the sort of parallel-
track litigation the Court seems to envision. See ante, at 2 (KAVANAUGH,
J., concurring in part and dissenting in part) (explaining that today's
order "means that the challenge to the grant terminations belongs for
now in the Court of Federal Claims and the arbitrary and capricious
claim belongs for now in the Federal District Court or the First Circuit");
see, e.g., Solenex, LLC v. United States, 163 Fed. Cl. 128, 132 -- 133 (2022).
Perhaps the district court and Claims Court actions can proceed seriatim
rather than simultaneously, assuming the statute of limitations does not
run in the meantime. But seriatim actions would raise tricky questions
of issue and claim preclusion. Cf. Petro-Hunt, LLC v. United States, 862
F. 3d 1370, 1385 -- 1386 (CA Fed. 2017). The Court grapples with none of
these complexities before sending plaintiffs through the labyrinth it has
created.
16 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of JACKSON, J.

today, however, no court can reinstate the plaintiffs'
grants -- apparently, the Tucker Act "impliedly forbids" it.
5 U. S. C.. This novel reading of the Tucker Act
undermines not only Bowen's holding but also the basic
remedial principles underlying it. Forget complete relief -- 
the reasoning of today's order might leave plaintiffs unable
to obtain any effective relief at all.
To be specific: "Unlike the district courts,... the [Claims
Court] has no general power to provide equitable relief
against the Government or its officers." United States v.
Tohono O'odham Nation, (2011); see also
United States v. King, (1969) (Claims Court
lacked jurisdiction over claim that was "not limited to
actual, presently due money damages" but rather sought a
declaratory judgment that governmental action "was
legally wrong"). This means, it seems, that the Claims
Court cannot reinstate unlawfully terminated grant
funding -- a distinct remedy from the money damages that
JUSTICE BARRETT suggests are still available in the Claims
Court. See ante, at 4,. And while the Claims Court
does have authority to award money damages for a breach
of contract, it is not clear that it could do so here, where the
right the plaintiffs seek to vindicate "is not a contract right"
but a statutory one. See Crowley Govt. Servs., Inc. v.
General Servs. Admin., 38 F. 4th 1099, 1110 (CADC 2022).5
This result, it should be evident, is also impossible to
reconcile with the Court's recent pronouncements. Not so
long ago, the Court insisted that "the party-specific
principles that permeate our understanding of equity"
instruct courts to award "complete relief " to plaintiffs and
no relief to nonplaintiffs. CASA, Inc., 606 U. S., at ___, ___
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The Claims Court can adjudicate statutory claims but only those

derived from "money-mandating provisions." Maine Community Health
Options v. United States, (2020); United States v.
Navajo Nation, (2009). No one contends that the APA
is such a provision.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

(, 15). Today's exercise of equity flips that
proposition on its head. Non-plaintiffs might see some
benefit from district courts' vacatur of unlawful directives
because agencies will not be able to rely on them to cancel
grants going forward. But the plaintiffs who filed the
lawsuit will see none.
In a broader sense, however, today's ruling is of a piece
with this Court's recent tendencies. "[R]ight when the
Judiciary should be hunkering down to do all it can to
preserve the law's constraints," the Court opts instead to
make vindicating the rule of law and preventing manifestly
injurious Government action as difficult as possible. Id., at
___ (JACKSON, J., dissenting). This is
Calvinball jurisprudence with a twist. Calvinball has only
one rule: There are no fixed rules.6 We seem to have two:
that one, and this Administration always wins.7
III
This Court has an obligation to balance the equities
before issuing the "extraordinary" relief of a stay pending
appeal, Graves v. Barnes, (1972)
(Powell, J., in chambers), by " 'explor[ing] the relative
harms to applicant and respondent, as well as the interests
of the public at large,' " Barnes v. E-Systems, Inc. Group
Hospital Medical & Surgical Ins. Plan, 
(1991) (Scalia, J., in chambers) (Brennan, J., in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 See Oxford English Dictionary (2025), https://www.oed.com/
dictionary/calvinball_n.
7 JUSTICE BARRETT's separate opinion proves the point. It injects final

agency action into the case as an additional potential barrier to relief,
suggesting that the only challenge the order leaves open -- the one to
agency guidance -- is in fact foreclosed by a doctrine the Government does
not press. See ante, at 5 -- 6; see also ante, at 4, (opinion of GORSUCH,
J.) (indicating that plaintiffs lack standing to pursue vacatur of the
internal agency guidance).
18 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of JACKSON, J.

chambers)); see also Nken, 556 U. S., at 435. If the Court
had bothered to do so here, the result would be plain.
At the threshold, before this Court even entertains the
factors required for granting a stay application, it ought to
ensure that the applicant faces the sort of true emergency
that warrants our consideration of its request and the
attendant interference with the standard review processes
pending in the lower courts -- what I have elsewhere called
a "line-jumping justification." Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S.
___, ___ (2024) (JACKSON, J., dissenting from grant of stay).8 Here, the Government does not come close
to offering any reason for us to intervene. Its asserted
harm -- its only asserted harm -- is that it might have to
keep paying out grants it has already committed to paying
for the few months it will take to appeal the District Court's
decision. Those payments are incremental, and the
Government does not so much as represent their cadence;
it gives zero information that would enable us to ascertain
how much money is on the line in the coming months.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 We do not have to decide this case -- not in this posture, or, really,

ever. But see ante, at 2 (opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.). We exercise an
enormous amount of discretion even in the ordinary course. See
Supreme Court Rule 10 ("Review on a writ of certiorari is not a matter of
right, but of judicial discretion"). That discretion only expands when we
are presented with a request for extraordinary relief: Intervention in this
posture "is not a matter of right, but of discretion sparingly exercised."
Supreme Court Rule 20. Thus, JUSTICE KAVANAUGH's suggestion that
the Court has no choice but to decide the parties' relative interim status
when an emergency application asks us to do so, see ante, at 2, comes
from nowhere; no rule of Supreme Court procedure supports it. What is
more, casting our role as compulsory when it comes to applications of this
sort contradicts decades of practice. "The opinions are legion in which
individual Justices, reviewing such requests in chambers, declined to
intervene -- reiterating that 'such power should be used sparingly and
only in the most critical and exigent circumstances.' " Libby v. Fecteau,
605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (JACKSON, J., dissenting from grant of
application for injunction) (Stewart, J., in chambers)).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

The Government fares no better under the traditional
stay factors, even if this Court's attention were warranted.
As it did in California, the Court concludes that the
Government faces irreparable harm simply because the
plaintiffs do not pinky-promise to reimburse the
Government if the Government ultimately prevails.
Whether or not that correctly states the law of irreparable
harm, but see Nken, 556 U. S., at 433 -- 434 (stay applicant
bears burden), the gauge by which the Court is measuring
harm seems significantly off.9 The harm that the plaintiffs
and the public will suffer from a stay plainly dwarfs the
purportedly irreparable injury to the Government if a stay
is denied. For the Government, the incremental
expenditure of money is at stake. For the plaintiffs and the
public, scientific progress itself hangs in the balance -- along
with the lives that progress saves.
Make no mistake: Per the evidence in front of the District
Court, the forward march of scientific discovery will not
only be halted -- it will be reversed. Because "studies and
researchers cannot be held in stasis," "there is no way to
recover the lost time, research continuity, or training value
once disrupted." 145 F. 4th, at 55 (internal quotation marks
omitted; emphasis deleted). Thus, yearslong studies will
lose validity. Animal subjects will be euthanized. Life-
saving medication trials will be abandoned. Countless
researchers will lose their jobs. And community health

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The Government promised grant money to the plaintiffs, and now it

has changed its mind. These things happen. Whether the law permits
the Government to terminate these grants in this manner is the nub of
the instant dispute. Even if the Government is ultimately deemed
entitled to do what it has done, why is it harmed (in any meaningful
sense) if it cannot recover the previously promised grant payments that
happen to issue while a court is deciding the lawfulness of its change of
heart? Far from being injurious, one might think that those interim
payments are a fair price to pay for the disruption the Government's
choice to abruptly renege on its promises has caused.
20 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH v. AMERICAN
PUBLIC HEALTH ASSN.
Opinion of JACKSON, J.

clinics (providing, inter alia, preventative treatment for
infectious diseases) will close. Ibid.
These harms extend well beyond the plaintiffs in this
case. Amici collectively representing the vast majority of
NIH grantees detail the devastating and irrevocable
damage to the "symbiotic relationship" between the
Government and the Nation's research community that an
abrupt cessation of funding would cause, not to mention the
harm to the global primacy of American science. Brief for
AAMC et al. as Amici Curiae 3, 16 -- 24. And, as Congress
recognized when it made the NIH the world's largest public
scientific funder, scientific advancement lifts all boats. The
harm is not just to researchers who will lose their
livelihoods; vulnerable members of our society will also lose
the benefits of their research.
Notably, too, these considerations represent just the
consequences of a stay in this case. But the Court evidently
wishes to impose its cumbersome, multistep judicial-review
process on any grantee that attempts to preserve its
research advancements by filing a lawsuit (if indeed the
Court envisions any path to full recovery for such grantees
at all). So, take the aforementioned practical harms to the
researchers, subjects, and institutions that have filed the
instant lawsuits and multiply them -- and again, and again,
and again.
A stay seems like a modest step. But it is an equitable
one, and equity ultimately aims to ensure fairness by
reducing harm. With this deployment of our equitable
powers, the Court permits precisely the sort of harm
equitable discretion exists to prevent.
* * *
At a time when the Executive Branch is racing to
terminate federal grants on a mass scale -- and, according
to too many courts to count, often unlawfully -- this Court
has now constructed a deeply inefficient and likely
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

impotent scheme of judicial review for grant-related APA
claims (at least until plenary review forces
reconsideration). It has done so without bothering to assess
whether Congress intended such a scheme, and in a manner
that requires second-guessing the District Court's
unchallenged factual findings, muddying basic legal
principles, and unraveling valuable scientific research.
The approach the Court adopts today (which, again, no
party advocated for) neither coheres legally nor operates
practically. So, unfortunately, this newest entry in the
Court's quest to make way for the Executive Branch has
real consequences, for the law and for the public.
Fortunately, at least for the law, this order is not the last
word, as it is not "conclusive as to the merits." Boyle, 606
U. S., at ___. For the public's sake, one can
only hope that affected grant recipients can find a way to
maintain their research studies -- and their legal claims -- 
long enough to give the Court the chance to change its mind.

============================================================

JUSTICE GORSUCH delivered the opinion of the Court.
Medicaid offers States "a bargain." Armstrong v. Excep-
tional Child Center, Inc., (2015). In re-
turn for federal funds, States agree "to spend them in ac-
cordance with congressionally imposed conditions." Ibid.
Should a State fail to comply substantially with those con-
ditions, the Secretary of Health and Human Services can
withhold some or all of its federal Medicaid funding. This
case poses the question whether, in addition to that remedy,
individual Medicaid beneficiaries may sue state officials for
failing to comply with one funding condition spelled out in
42 U. S. C. (23)(A).
I
Congress created Medicaid in 1965 to subsidize state ef-
forts to provide healthcare to families and individuals
" 'whose income and resources are insufficient to meet the
costs of necessary medical services.' " Armstrong, 575 U. S.,
at 323. Today, all 50 States participate
2 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

in Medicaid. Congressional Research Service, Medicaid: An
Overview 1 (2025) (CRS). In order to do so, a State must
submit to the Secretary a "plan for medical assistance."
; see also -- 1. To win the Secretary's ap-
proval, that plan must satisfy more than 80 separate condi-
tions Congress has set out in. Once the Secretary
approves a plan, federal funds begin flowing to help the
State execute it. Of course, States must contribute their
own money, too. See. Historically, the federal
government has provided on average about 57% of the
funds required to implement Medicaid, and States have
supplied the balance. CRS 21.
This case concerns one of the conditions state plans
must meet. Located in (23)(A), Medicaid's any-
qualified-provider provision, as it is sometimes called, re-
quires States to ensure that "any individual eligible for
medical assistance... may obtain" it "from any [provider]
qualified to perform the service... who undertakes to pro-
vide" it. The provision does not define the term "qualified,"
perhaps because States have traditionally exercised pri-
mary responsibility over "matters of health and safety," in-
cluding the regulation of the practice of medicine. De Buono
v. NYSA -- ILA Medical and Clinical Services Fund, (1997); see also Linder v. United States, (1925); 42 CFR.51(c)(2) (2024). But every-
one acknowledges that, if a State fails "to comply substan-
tially" with this (or any) congressionally specified condition,
the Secretary may withhold some or all of the State's fed-
eral funding until he is "satisfied that there will no longer
be any such failure to comply.".
The parties' dispute concerns whether, in addition to that
remedy, the law recognizes another. The dispute arose this
way. Planned Parenthood South Atlantic operates two clin-
ics in South Carolina, one in each of the State's two most
populous cities. Planned Parenthood South Atlantic v.
Kerr, 95 F. 4th 152, 156 -- 157 (CA4 2024). At both locations,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

the group offers "a wide range" of services to Medicaid and
non-Medicaid patients. Ibid. It also performs abortions.
Ibid. Citing a state law prohibiting the use of its own public
funds for abortion, South Carolina announced in July 2018
that Planned Parenthood could no longer participate in the
State's Medicaid program. App. to Pet. for Cert. 157a -- 162a.
At the same time, the State took steps that, it said, would
help ensure that a "variety of other nongovernmental enti-
ties and governmental agencies" would continue to provide
"access to necessary medical care and important women's
health and family planning services." Id., at 158a. Accord-
ing to the State, it has "140 [other] federally qualified
health clinics and pregnancy centers, not counting the nu-
merous private health providers who accept Medicaid."
Brief for Petitioner 9.
In response to the State's announcement, Planned
Parenthood and one of its patients, Julie Edwards, sued the
director of the State's Department of Health and Human
Services. They argued that South Carolina's exclusion of
Planned Parenthood from its Medicaid program violated
the any-qualified-provider provision. Specifically, Ms. Ed-
wards alleged that, while she regularly visits other medical
care providers, she has had especially positive experiences
with Planned Parenthood and would like "to shift all [her]
gynecological and reproductive health care there.'' App. 32,
33. But none of that will be possible, she continued, unless
Medicaid covers those services. Ibid. Based on these alle-
gations, Ms. Edwards and Planned Parenthood brought a
putative class action "pursuant to 42 U. S. C. to vin-
dicate rights secured by the federal Medicaid statutes." Id.,
at 1.
First enacted as part of the Civil Rights Act of 1871,
allows private parties to sue state actors who violate
their "rights" under "the Constitution and laws" of the
United States. But federal statutes do not confer "rights"
enforceable under "as a matter of course." Health
4 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

and Hospital Corporation of Marion Cty. v. Talevski, (2023). That is particularly true of statutes,
like Medicaid, enacted pursuant to Congress's spending
power. The spending power allows Congress to offer funds
to States that agree to certain conditions. See, e.g., South
Dakota v. Dole, -- 208 (1987). But when a
State violates those conditions, " 'the typical remedy' " is not
a private enforcement suit " 'but rather action by the Fed-
eral Government to terminate funds to the State.' " Gon-
zaga Univ. v. Doe, (2002) ).
Appreciating all this, the plaintiffs argued that their
case implicated an exception to the usual rule. The any-
qualified-provider provision, they said, is among those rare
federal spending-power statutes that confer individual
rights enforceable under. And, they submitted,
South Carolina violated Ms. Edwards's rights under that
provision when it denied her the opportunity to select
Planned Parenthood as her healthcare provider. Agreeing
with the plaintiffs' assessment, the district court granted
summary judgment to them and entered a permanent in-
junction preventing the State from excluding Planned
Parenthood from its Medicaid program. Planned
Parenthood South Atlantic v. Baker, 487 F. Supp. 3d 443,
448 (SC 2020).
On appeal, the Fourth Circuit affirmed the district court's
decision. Planned Parenthood South Atlantic v. Kerr, 27
F. 4th 945 (2022). Writing separately, Judge Richardson
expressed "confusion and uncertainty" about this Court's
directions addressing when spending-power legislation cre-
ates enforceable rights under. Id., at 959 (opinion
concurring in judgment). And he voiced "hop[e]" that we
might provide "clarity... soon." Ibid.
Seeking review of the Fourth Circuit's decision, the State
filed a petition for certiorari in this Court. In light of our
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

intervening decision in Talevski, in which we
addressed whether another spending-power statute created
rights, we granted the State's petition,
vacated the decision of the court of appeals, and remanded
the case for further proceedings. Kerr v. Planned
Parenthood South Atlantic, 599 U. S. ___ (2023).
On remand, the court of appeals reaffirmed its earlier de-
cision. 95 F. 4th, at 153. And, once more, Judge Richardson
wrote separately. Even after Talevski, he said, lower courts
"continue[d] to lack the guidance" they need from this Court
to determine when a federal spending-power statute cre-
ates a right that private parties can enforce under.
95 F. 4th, at 170 (opinion concurring in judgment). Other
circuit judges have expressed similar concerns. See, e.g.,
Saint Anthony Hospital v. Whitehorn, 132 F. 4th 962, 971
(CA7 2025) (en banc); id., at 982 (Hamilton, J., dissenting);
New York State Citizens' Coalition for Children v. Poole,
935 F. 3d 56, 60 (CA2 2019) (Livingston, J., dissenting from
denial of rehearing en banc).
In response to the Fourth Circuit's latest decision, the
State filed another petition for certiorari. In it, South Car-
olina noted that other lower courts have disagreed with the
Fourth Circuit regarding whether (23)(A) confers
an individually enforceable right. Cf. Planned Parenthood
of Greater Tex. Family Planning & Preventative Health
Servs., Inc. v. Kauffman, 981 F. 3d 347, 350 (CA5 2020) (en
banc); Does v. Gillespie, 867 F. 3d 1034, 1037 (CA8 2017).
We agreed to hear the case. 604 U. S. ___ (2024).
II
To resolve the circuits' disagreement and address our
lower court colleagues' calls for clarification, we begin by
outlining how to determine whether a statute confers an in-
dividually enforceable right under.
6 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

A
The Constitution charges the Executive Branch with en-
forcing federal law. Art. II,. But sometimes Congress
also allows private parties to enforce the law through civil
litigation. In, Congress did just that, authorizing in-
dividuals to sue anyone who, under color of state law, de-
prives them of "rights, privileges, or immunities secured by
the Constitution and laws" of the United States.
Historically, individuals brought suits to vindicate
rights protected by the Constitution. But, in 1980, this
Court recognized that also authorizes private parties
to pursue violations of their federal statutory rights. Maine
v. Thiboutot,. Still, this Court has emphasized,
statutes create individual rights only in "atypical case[s]."
Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183. Routinely, of course, federal leg-
islation seeks to benefit one group or another. (Why pass
legislation otherwise?) But provides a cause of action
"only for the deprivation of 'rights, privileges, or immuni-
ties,' " not " 'benefits' or 'interests.' " Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at
283.
To prove that a statute secures an enforceable right, priv-
ilege, or immunity, and does not just provide a benefit or
protect an interest, a plaintiff must show that the law in
question "clear[ly] and unambiguous[ly]" uses "rights-
creating terms." Id., at 284, 290. In addition, the statute
must display " 'an unmistakable focus' " on individuals like
the plaintiff. Id., at 284 (emphasis deleted); accord, Talev-
ski, 599 U. S., at 183. We have described this as a "strin-
gent" and "demanding" test. Id., at 180, 186; accord, post,
at 9 (JACKSON, J., dissenting) (describing Gonzaga as set-
ting forth "a restrictive test"). And even for the rare statute
that satisfies it, this Court has said, a action still may
not be available if Congress has displaced 's general
cause of action with a more specific remedy. Rancho Palos
Verdes v. Abrams, (2005).
These rules seek to "vindicat[e] the separation of powers."
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183. To be sure, there was a time in
the mid-20th century when "the Court assumed it to be a
proper judicial function to provide" whatever "remedies" it
deemed "necessary to make effective a statute's purpose."
Ziglar v. Abbasi, -- 132 (2017). But, as this Court has since
come to appreciate, no statute pursues any single "pur-
pos[e ] at all costs." American Express Co. v. Italian Colors
Restaurant, (2013). And, often enough, Congress may "not
wish to pursue [a] provision's purpose to the extent of au-
thorizing private suits." Hernández v. Mesa, (2020). After all, the decision whether to let private
plaintiffs enforce a new statutory right poses delicate ques-
tions of public policy. New rights for some mean new duties
for others. And private enforcement actions, meritorious or
not, can force governments to direct money away from pub-
lic services and spend it instead on litigation. See ibid. The
job of resolving how best to weigh those competing costs and
benefits belongs to the people's elected representatives, not
unelected judges charged with applying the law as they find
it. See Alexander v. Sandoval, (2001);
Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 285.1

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Cannon v. University of Chicago, (1979), and its

aftermath illustrate the shift in this Court's approach. In Cannon, the
Court inferred new private causes of action from the terms of Title VI of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Title IX of the Education Amendments
of 1972. Though Congress later "ratified Cannon's holding," Sandoval,
532 U. S., at 280, the Court has retreated from Cannon's reasoning,
which "exemplified" an "expansive rights-creating approach" that later
decisions "abandoned," Franklin v. Gwinnett County Public Schools, (1992) (Scalia, J., concurring in judgment); see also Ston-
eridge Investment Partners, LLC v. Scientific-Atlanta, Inc., -- 165 (2008). So while this
Court has said it remains bound by Cannon's "holdin[g]," it has empha-
sized that the decision's "language" no longer controls. Sandoval, 532
U. S., at 282.
8 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

B
Though it is rare enough for any statute to confer an en-
forceable right, spending-power statutes like Medicaid are
especially unlikely to do so. The reasons why take a little
unpacking.
When Congress passes a law, say, regulating commerce
between the States or outlawing piracy, it can point for au-
thority to the Commerce Clause, U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 3, or the Piracies Clause, cl. 10. In enumerated areas
like those, the Constitution vests Congress with the power
to regulate conduct. But when Congress distributes money,
its authority rests on a different footing.
The Constitution has no "Spending Clause," strictly
speaking. Instead, we usually trace Congress's spending
power to Article I, section eight, clause one, which gives
Congress the "Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-
posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the com-
mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States."
Unlike other enumerated powers, this provision does not
expressly endow Congress with the power to regulate con-
duct. Nor does it include "the power to issue direct orders
to the governments of the States." Murphy v. National Col-
legiate Athletic Assn., (2018).
As the Court observed in United States v. Butler, the
meaning of Article I's "general welfare" language provoked
fierce debate right from the start. -- 67 (1936).
At one extreme, Gouverneur Morris thought it authorized
Congress to tax, spend, and regulate broadly in pursuit of
the "general Welfare." D. Schwartz, Mr. Madison's War on
the General Welfare Clause, 56 U. C. D. L. Rev. 887, 915
(2022). Alexander Hamilton took a more modest view. He
thought the language gave Congress the power to raise and
"appropriate money" for "objects" of "General" (as opposed
to "local") importance. Report on the Subject of Manufac-
tures (Dec. 5, 1791), in 10 Papers of Alexander Hamilton
230, 303 -- 304 (H. Syrett ed. 1966) (emphasis deleted). But
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

he denied that those powers included as well "a power to do
whatever else should appear to Congress conducive to the
General Welfare." Ibid. James Madison advanced a nar-
rower position still. As he saw it, the language authorized
Congress to spend money only in support of its other enu-
merated powers. A. LaCroix, The Interbellum Constitu-
tion: Federalism in the Long Founding Moment, 67 Stan.
L. Rev. 397, 407 (2015) (LaCroix).
Over time, Hamilton's view gained ground. So, for exam-
ple, as Justice Story saw it, Congress may raise and "appro-
priat[e]... money" to advance the "general welfare." 3 J.
Story, Commentaries on the Constitution of the United
States, p. 150 (1833). But nothing in Article I, section
eight, clause one endows Congress with a power to regulate,
for if it did, the "enumeration of specific powers" elsewhere
in Article I would be rendered largely pointless, and the Na-
tion would trade a limited federal government for "an un-
limited" one. 2 id., 906, pp. 367, 369; see also Butler,
297 U. S., at 66 (Justice Story's "reading... is the correct
one"); J. Monroe, Message From the President of the United
States 32 -- 33 (1822); E. Corwin, The Spending Power of
Congress -- Apropos the Maternity Act, 36 Harv. L. Rev.
548, 564 -- 566 (1923).
Consistent with this understanding, early courts de-
scribed federal grants not as commands but as contracts.
Consider, for example, how this Court approached a dispute
concerning the first major federal highway. The Cumber-
land Road once supplied a vital link between the East Coast
and the old Northwest. LaCroix 420. Starting in the 1830s,
the federal government gradually transferred control of the
road to several States. J. Young, A Political and Constitu-
tional Study of the Cumberland Road 78 -- 98 (1902). One
transfer to Ohio came with a condition: The State could not
charge tolls on wagons carrying federal property. Id., at
96 -- 98. When a disagreement arose about the scope of that
toll exemption, this Court looked to "the expectations of the
10 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

parties," a familiar feature of contract law, to resolve it.
Neil, Moore & Co. v. Ohio, 3 How. 720, 741 (1845). In doing
so, the Court emphasized that it was enforcing require-
ments "well known" to the parties when the "compact was
made." Ibid.; see also McGee v. Mathis, 4 Wall. 143, 155
(1866) ("It is not doubted that the grant by the United
States to the State upon conditions, and the acceptance of
the grant by the State, constituted a contract").
At the same time, the Court recognized that agreements
between state and federal governments are not exactly the
same as contracts "between individuals." Searight v.
Stokes, 3 How. 151, 167 (1845). In many respects, the Court
suggested, federal-state agreements are really more like
treaties "between two sovereignties." See Neil, Moore &
Co., 3 How., at 742. And, while treaties may seek to benefit
the citizens of the compacting nations, they generally do not
confer individually enforceable rights against a sovereign,
but "depen[d ] for the enforcement of [their] provisions on... the governments which are parties to" them. Head
Money Cases, (1884).2 Adapting this
logic to the context of federal grants, the Court concluded
that, as a rule, "Congress alone has the power to enforce"
the conditions it attaches to its grants. Emigrant Co. v.
County of Adams, (1879); see also Mills
County v. Railroad Cos., (1883).
C
For much of the Nation's history, the Court had little oc-
casion to employ these ideas. Congress rarely granted
money to States and, when it did, those grants rarely came

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Much the same holds true today. While treaties may benefit individ-

uals or groups, this Court has said, "the background presumption" is that
treaties " 'do not create private rights or provide for a private cause of
action.' " Medellín v. Texas, (2008) of Foreign Relations Law of the United States,
Comment a, p. 395 (1986); emphasis added).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

with many conditions. See D. Currie, The Constitution in
Congress: Democrats and Whigs, 1829 -- 1861, pp. 42 -- 45
(2005). But that began to change during the New Deal.
And when disputes about those grant conditions arose, this
Court returned to the old contract and treaty analogies to
ensure that spending-power legislation did not pass the
"point at which pressure turns into compulsion." Steward
Machine Co. v. Davis, (1937); see also
Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923); Butler,
297 U. S., at 73 -- 75; Oklahoma v. Civil Serv. Comm'n, -- 144 (1947). The same analogies guided the
Court, too, after federal grants exploded in the 1960s, gen-
erating "an unprecedented" wave of litigation in which pri-
vate parties sought to challenge state compliance with fed-
eral grant conditions. E. Tomlinson & J. Mashaw, The
Enforcement of Federal Standards in Grant-In-Aid Pro-
grams: Suggestions for Beneficiary Involvement, 58 Va.
L. Rev. 600, 630 (1972).3
Take Pennhurst. There, private plaintiffs sought to sue
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for failing to fulfill the
terms of a federal healthcare grant. 451 U. S., at 6. In as-
sessing whether the suit could proceed, the Court began by
observing that "legislation enacted pursuant to the spend-
ing power is much in the nature of a contract: in return for
federal funds, the States agree to comply with federally im-
posed conditions." Id., at 17. And the "typical remedy for
state noncompliance" with a federal grant's conditions is an
"action by the Federal Government to terminate funds to
the State." Id., at 28. Given these principles, the Court
reasoned, whether a private party may sue to enforce the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Between 1940 and 2023, federal outlays to state and local govern-

ments increased by more than 50 times in constant dollars. Office of
Management and Budget, Historical Tables, Budget of the United States
Government, Summary Comparison of Total Outlays for Grants to State
and Local Governments: 1940 -- 2029 (2024) (Table 12.1), https://www.
govinfo.gov/app/details/BUDGET-2025-TAB/BUDGET-2025-TAB-13-1.
12 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

terms of a federal grant depends on "whether the State vol-
untarily and knowingly" consented to answer private
claims as part of its bargain with the federal government.
Id., at 17. And to satisfy this standard, the Court held, a
plaintiff must show, at a minimum, that Congress alerted
the State in advance, "clear[ly]" and "unambiguously," that
responding to private enforcement suits was a condition of
its offer. Ibid.4
In Gonzaga, the Court restated these principles and ex-
plored how they interact with. Spending-power leg-
islation, the Court explained, cannot provide the basis for a
enforcement suit unless Congress "speaks with a
clear voice, and manifests an unambiguous intent to confer
individual rights." 536 U. S., at 280 (alteration and inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). Only that kind of "unmis-
takable" notice, the Court said, suffices to alert grantees
that they might be subject "to private suits... whenever
they fail to comply with a federal funding condition." Id.,
at 286 -- 287, and.
And, the Court concluded, because the statute at issue be-
fore it did not clearly and unambiguously confer a "right to
support a cause of action under," the plaintiff 's suit

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Beyond the rule that Congress must clearly and unambiguously alert

States to conditions associated with federal funding, our cases have ar-
ticulated other limits on spending-power legislation. First, as previously
observed, "the exercise of the spending power must be in pursuit of 'the
general welfare,' " rather than private or merely local interests. South
Dakota v. Dole, (1987); see supra, at 8 -- 9. Second,
grant conditions must relate "to the federal interest in particular na-
tional projects or programs." Dole, 483 U. S., at 207. Third, "other constitutional provisions may provide an
independent bar to the conditional grant of federal funds." Id., at 208.
Finally, spending-power conditions are legitimate only if the State's ac-
ceptance of them is in fact voluntary. National Federation of Independ-
ent Business v. Sebelius, -- 582 (2012) (opinion of
ROBERTS, C. J.); see also id., at 676 (Scalia, Kennedy, THOMAS, and ALITO,
JJ., dissenting).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

could not proceed. Id., at 283, 290.5
Just two Terms ago, we reaffirmed these points. In
Talevski, the Court faced another private suit alleg-
ing that recipients of federal funding had violated grant
conditions. To decide whether the plaintiffs could proceed,
we turned to Gonzaga, recognizing that it "sets forth our
established method" for analyzing suits like that. Talevski,
599 U. S., at 183. In doing so, we reiterated that the rele-
vant "[s]tatutory provisions must unambiguously confer in-
dividual federal rights" before a claim might proceed.
Id., at 180. That standard, we emphasized, is a "demanding
bar" and a "significant hurdle" that will be cleared only in
the "atypical case." Id., at 180, 183 -- 184. And, applying
that test, we found the statutes in question satisfied it pre-
cisely because they "expressly" employed the sort of clear
and unambiguous "rights-creating language" Gonzaga de-
mands. 599 U. S., at 184, 186.
Admittedly, this Court briefly experimented with a dif-
ferent approach, and that fact has given rise to some confu-
sion in the lower courts. For a time, as we have seen, the
Court sometimes took an expansive view of its power to im-
ply private causes of action to enforce federal laws. See
Part II -- A, supra. Moved by the same spirit, the Court
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Gonzaga involved federal funds granted to a private university, not a

State. But our spending-power cases have applied similar principles to
state and private recipients of federal aid. See, e.g., Cummings v. Prem-
ier Rehab Keller, -- 220 (2022). Whether a State or pri-
vate recipient is involved, after all, actions to enforce federal stat-
utes present a question sounding in the separation of powers, given that
it is for Congress, not the courts, to confer "rights upon a class of benefi-
ciaries" sufficient to support a cause of action. See Gonzaga, 536 U. S.,
at 285; Part II -- A, supra. And grants to private parties can risk altering
the Constitution's balance of federal-state authority, too, by expanding
federal regulation beyond Congress's enumerated powers and into areas
traditionally reserved for the States. See Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 286, and
; cf. Gregory v. Ashcroft, -- 461 (1991).
14 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

sometimes took a broad view of its authority to confer new
rights under spending-power statutes that did not ex-
pressly provide them. In Wilder v. Virginia Hospital Asso-
ciation, for example, the Court suggested that spending-
power legislation can give rise to an enforceable right under
so long as the legislation is "intended to benefit the
putative plaintiff " and the plaintiff 's interest in the statute
is not "too vague and amorphous." (1990)
(alteration and internal quotation marks omitted); see
Wright v. Roanoke Redevelopment and Housing Authority,
-- 424, 431 -- 432 (1987). Building on those
same ideas in Blessing v. Freestone, the Court outlined a
three-factor test for recognizing new privately enforceable
rights. -- 341 (1997). Some lower court
judges, including in this case, still consult Wilder, Wright,
and Blessing when asking whether a spending-power stat-
ute creates an enforceable individual right. See, e.g., 95
F. 4th, at 163 -- 165; id., at 170 (Richardson, J., concurring in
judgment).
They should not. Gonzaga "reject[ed]" any reading of our
prior cases that would "permit anything short of an unam-
biguously conferred right to support a cause of action
brought under." 536 U. S., at 283. Armstrong "repu-
diate[d]" any other approach. 575 U. S., at 330, n. And
Talevski reaffirmed that "Gonzaga sets forth our estab-
lished method" for determining whether a spending-power
statute confers individual rights. 599 U. S., at 183.
All of these warnings came for now-familiar reasons. Be-
cause spending-power legislation is "in the nature of a con-
tract," a grantee must "voluntarily and knowingly" consent
to answer private enforcement suits before they
may proceed. Pennhurst, 451 U. S., at 17; see id., at 28.
And that consent cannot be fairly inferred if the federal
spending-power statute fails to provide "clear and unambig-
uous" notice that it creates a personally enforceable right.
Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 290. To the extent lower courts feel
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

obliged, or permitted, to consider the contrary reasoning of
Wilder, Wright, or Blessing, they should resist the impulse.
III
With these principles in hand, we turn to the question
whether the plaintiffs before us may maintain a suit
to enforce Medicaid's any-qualified-provider provision. To
succeed, they must show, at a minimum, that
(23)(A) does not just seek to benefit them or serve
their interests but "clear[ly] and unambiguous[ly]" gives
them individual federal rights. Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 290.6
Since Pennhurst, this Court has identified only three sets
of spending-power statutes that confer enforceable rights
under -- those at issue in Wright, Wilder, and Talev-
ski. But given this Court's longstanding repudiation of
Wright and Wilder's reasoning, the statutes at issue in
Talevski supply the only reliable yardstick against which to
measure whether spending-power legislation confers a pri-
vately enforceable right.
Talevski addressed two provisions of the Federal Nursing
Home Reform Act (FNHRA). See 599 U. S., at 181 -- 182.
The first obliged nursing-home facilities to "protect and pro-
mote" residents' "right to be free from" unnecessary "physi-
cal or chemical restraints." 42 U. S. C. (1)(A)(ii). The second appeared in a subparagraph
titled "[t]ransfer and discharge rights." (2)(A). And both provisions sat in a subsection
called "[r]equirements relating to residents' rights.".
The any-qualified-provider provision before us looks
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 As we have seen, the plaintiffs must also show that the provision in

question displays "an unmistakable focus" on individuals like them.
Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 284 (emphasis deleted; internal quotation marks
omitted). And even then, a action may not be available if Congress
has displaced that general cause of action with a more specific remedy.
See supra, at 6. To resolve this case, however, we need not reach those
questions.
16 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

nothing like those FNHRA provisions. Section
1396a(a)(23)(A) indicates that state Medicaid plans must
"provide that... any individual eligible for medical assis-
tance (including drugs) may obtain such assistance from
any institution, agency, community pharmacy, or person,
qualified to perform the service or services required... who
undertakes to provide him such services." Doubtless, this
language speaks to what a State must do to participate in
Medicaid, and a State that fails to fulfill its duty might lose
federal funding. Doubtless, too, this provision seeks to ben-
efit both providers and patients. But missing from
(23)(A) is anything like FNHRA's clear and unam-
biguous "rights-creating language." Talevski, 599 U. S., at
186.
To be sure, Congress could have taken a different ap-
proach when drafting (23)(A). In fact, FNHRA of-
fers an example almost perfectly on point. One of its provi-
sions gives nursing-home residents the right to choose their
own attending physicians. Here is the provision in context:
"(c) Requirements relating to residents' rights
"(1) General rights
"(A) Specified rights
"A nursing facility must protect and promote the
rights of each resident, including each of the follow-
ing rights:
"(i) Free choice
"The right to choose a personal attending physi-
cian....".
As this language shows, Congress knows how to give a
grantee clear and unambiguous notice that, if it accepts fed-
eral funds, it may face private suits asserting an individual
right to choose a medical provider. Tellingly, too, Congress
adopted this FNHRA provision in legislation that also
amended (23). Yet Congress's work in the two
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

provisions could not have been more different. See 101
Stat. 1330 -- 152; Talevski, 599 U. S., at 181,. Someday,
Congress might choose to revise (23) to resemble
FNHRA. But that is not the law we have. Cf. Feliciano v.
Department of Transportation, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025).
The remainder of (23) only serves to confirm
our conclusion. After announcing that state Medicaid plans
must allow individuals to obtain care from any qualified
provider, the provision proceeds to carve out various excep-
tions to that rule. So, for example, the statute allows States
to exclude from their Medicaid programs certain providers
"convicted of a felony" -- and, what is more, to "determin[e ]"
which felony convictions qualify for that exclusion.
(23)(B). All that makes perfect sense if
(23)(A) speaks only to a State's duties to the fed-
eral government. But it is an arrangement a good deal
harder to understand if (23)(A) also confers an in-
dividually enforceable right, for that would mean Congress
sought to convey a right against the States in one breath
but let States control its scope in the next.
Expanding our view beyond (23) to the sur-
rounding statutory context yields similar clues. To con-
tinue receiving federal funding, the Medicaid Act says, a
State need only "comply substantially" with the any-
qualified-provider mandate.. And, as this Court
recognized in Gonzaga, that focus on " 'aggregate' " compli-
ance suggests that a statute addresses a State's obligations
to the federal government, not the rights " 'of any particular
person.' " 536 U. S., at 288. Sometimes, we appreciate, a
provision may overcome this weighty statutory evidence. In
Talevski, after all, the Court found two FNHRA provisions
to confer individual rights even though that statute also
speaks of "substantial compliance." See Brief for Respond-
ents 35 -- 36. But, at risk of repetition, the provisions at is-
sue there employed explicit and unmistakable " 'rights-
18 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

creating language,' " 599 U. S., at 186, and (23)(A)
does not.
Notable, too, is where Congress placed the any-qualified-
provider provision. It appears in a subsection titled "Con-
tents.". That subsection outlines scores of things
a state plan must include to qualify for federal funding.
Ibid. Those requirements do not appear in any discernible
order, and the any-qualified-provider provision does not
crop up until paragraph 23 of 87. All of 's require-
ments are directed to the Secretary of Health and Human
Services, who must "approve any plan" that meets them.
; see Armstrong, 575 U. S., at 331 -- 332 (plurality
opinion). None of this may suffice to prove that the any-
qualified-provider provision is unenforceable under.
See -- 2. But it does show, once more, that the statute
before us stands in stark contrast to the ones we faced in
Talevski, where Congress set its rights-creating provisions
apart from others and, in doing so, helped alert grantees
that accepting federal funds comes with a duty to answer
private suits.
Observe, as well, what it would mean if (23)(A)
did create an individually enforceable right. Many other
Medicaid plan requirements would likely do the same. And
instead of remaining "atypical" exceptions, as our cases
have said they are, rights-creating provisions might more
nearly become the rule. Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183.
Take one example. See Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 27 -- 29 (offering others). Section 1396a(a)(32) follows
several paragraphs down from the any-qualified-provider
provision. It requires state Medicaid plans to "provide,"
with certain exceptions, "that no payment under the plan
for any care or service provided to an individual shall be
made to anyone other than such individual or the person or
institution providing such care or service." As the plaintiffs
acknowledge, this provision "uses language with some sim-
ilarities to" (23)(A). Brief for Respondents 38 -- 39.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

Both speak in mandatory terms ("must... provide";
"shall"). Both discuss "individual[s]." Neither mentions
"rights." Yet, while the plaintiffs insist that paragraph
(23)(A) clearly and unambiguously creates an individual
right, they suggest that a court could reasonably "deter-
mine" that paragraph (32) "does not." Ibid. ). Rather than try
to square that circle, we think the better course is the one
our precedents suggest: Neither paragraph uses clear and
unambiguous rights-creating language, so neither supports
a private suit under.
IV
Seeking to persuade us otherwise, the plaintiffs and dis-
sent offer four principal counterarguments.
First, the plaintiffs and dissent appeal to legislative his-
tory. The hearings and committee reports leading to
(23)(A)'s adoption, they say, reveal that Congress
meant for the statute to secure an individual right. See
Brief for Respondents 30 -- 32; see also post, at 3, 13
(JACKSON, J., dissenting). But that does not move the nee-
dle. When it comes to interpreting the law, speculation
about what Congress may have intended matters far less
than what Congress actually enacted. See Epic Systems
Corp. v. Lewis, (2018) ("[L]egislative his-
tory is not the law"). And that goes double for spending-
power statutes, where "the key is not what a majority of the
Members of both Houses intend but what the States are
clearly told." Arlington Central School Dist. Bd. of Ed. v.
Murphy, (2006).7
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 If anything, the legislative history of the any-qualified-provider pro-

vision illustrates the pitfalls of trying to equate an unenacted legislative
record with the law. On the plaintiffs' telling, Congress first enacted the
any-qualified-provider provision "to prevent [the] second-class treat-
ment" of Medicaid patients, as exemplified by Puerto Rico's policy of re-
quiring them "to be treated only at designated government facilities."
20 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

Second, the plaintiffs and dissent contend, Congress mod-
eled (23)(A) on a Medicare provision titled " 'Free
choice by patient guaranteed.' " 79 Stat. 291, 42 U. S. C.. It reads: "Any individual entitled to insurance ben-
efits under this subchapter may obtain health services from
any... person qualified to participate under this subchap-
ter if such... person undertakes to provide him such ser-
vices.". And because that Medicare provision
"confer[s] an individual right," the plaintiffs and dissent
reason, its Medicaid offshoot must as well. Brief for Re-
spondents 34; see post, at 13 (JACKSON, J., dissenting).
This argument stumbles out of the gate. Its premise -- 
that confers an enforceable right -- is questiona-
ble. As the plaintiffs admit, "[n]o court has addressed
whether a Medicare beneficiary can enforce this provision
under Section 1983." Brief for Respondents 34,. Even
overlooking that deficiency, another quickly emerges.
While the title of "guarantee[s]" a patient's "free
choice" of provider -- and while the plaintiffs and dissent in-
sist this language can create a right -- the any-qualified-
provider provision never uses "guarantee" or its equivalent.
So if the comparison between the Medicaid and Medicare
provisions reveals anything, it is that Congress did not in-
clude in (23)(A) the language from that
the plaintiffs and dissent think most likely to confer en-
forceable rights.
Third, instead of grappling meaningfully with the test
our precedents provide, the dissent proposes to rewrite it.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Brief for Respondents 30 ). And yet (23), as it stands today, expressly ex-
cludes Puerto Rican beneficiaries from its protections. See
(23)(B) ("[T]his paragraph shall not apply in the case of Puerto
Rico, the Virgin Islands, and Guam").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

In the dissent's view, a statute confers a privately enforce-
able right whenever it uses "compulsory" and "individual-
centric terminology," as long as it also evokes "language
classically associated with establishing rights." Post, at 12
(opinion of JACKSON, J.). When it comes to that last require-
ment, the dissent reasons this way: Congress enacted
(23)(A) under the title "free choice by individuals
eligible for medical assistance," 81 Stat. 903 (capitalization
omitted); the phrase "free choice" calls to the dissent's mind
a phrase from the First Amendment ("free exercise" of reli-
gion); that Amendment declares rights; so (23)(A)
likely must as well. Post, at 12 (opinion of JACKSON, J.).
Our precedents do not authorize anything like the dis-
sent's approach -- and for good reasons. To start, while a
title may underscore that the statutory text creates a right,
"[i]t has long been established that the title of an Act cannot
enlarge or confer powers" by itself. Pennhurst, 451 U. S., at
19, ; see A. Scalia
& B. Garner, Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal
Texts 221 -- 224 (2012). That must be especially so where, as
here, Congress chose not to enact into the U. S. Code the
very title on which the dissent relies. See 81 Stat. 903 (en-
acting the title of a different section, but not "free choice by
individuals eligible for medical assistance," into the U. S.
Code (capitalization omitted)).
Even beyond that, the dissent's test would risk obliterat-
ing the longstanding line between mere benefits and en-
forceable rights. See supra, at 6, 13, 15. If, as the dissent
says, (23)(A) creates an enforceable right because
it contains "compulsory" and "individual-centric terminol-
ogy" plus an iffy analogy to the Bill of Rights, then many
other provisions (in Medicaid and elsewhere) previously
thought to confer only benefits would suddenly create rights
instead. Supra, at 18 -- 19. All despite Talevski's insight just
two Terms ago that, while many statutes supply benefits,
only "atypical" statutes confer enforceable rights under
22 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court. 599 U. S., at 183. To be sure, the dissent assures us
that other Medicaid provisions are distinguishable from
this one. Post, at 19 (opinion of JACKSON, J.). How? Not
based on their text (which the dissent never addresses) but,
it seems, based on an unspoken judicial intuition that the
provision before us is just more important than others. So,
on top of all its other flaws, the dissent's approach would
leave States guessing about the terms of their deals with
the federal government and invite courts to revive their
long-abandoned approach of usurping Congress's role in
creating rights and remedies. Supra, at 7.8
Fourth and finally, the plaintiffs and dissent advance a
policy argument. Only litigation, they submit, can
give the any-qualified-provider provision the teeth it needs.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 We agree with the dissent that we did not grant certiorari to resolve

"whether and to what extent O'Bannon [v. Town Court Nursing Center,
(1980)] bears on the scope of " (23)(A). Post, at
14,. But since the dissent relies heavily on that decision, post, at 13 -- 
14, we should make plain that we read it as consistent with all we have
said. O'Bannon held only that residents of a nursing facility had no right
under the Due Process Clause to a hearing before a State ended that
facility's participation in its Medicaid program. 447 U. S., at 775, 790.
To the extent O'Bannon addressed any right, then, it was an asserted
property right under the Due Process Clause, not a clear and unambigu-
ous statutory right under. Id., at 779. Notably, too, O'Bannon
expressly recognized that 42 U. S. C. (23) "does not confer a
right on a recipient... to continue to receive benefits for care [from a
provider] that has been decertified." 447 U. S., at 785. And that is pre-
cisely the right the plaintiffs assert here.
Separately, the dissent suggests that amicus briefs the government
filed in other cases might suffice to supply States with notice of a condi-
tion attached to federal funding. Post, at 16 -- 17, and (opinion of
JACKSON, J.). But, as this case attests, the government's views can shift
from administration to administration. And our decisions have never
suggested that anything less than clear statutory language can supply
States with the unambiguous notice required. Instead, given the sepa-
ration of powers and federalism concerns we have outlined, our decisions
have always "insist[ed] that Congress speak with a clear voice."
Pennhurst State School and Hospital v. Halderman, 
(1981).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

Yes, they acknowledge, the federal government can audit
States' compliance with (23)(A) and withhold
some or all Medicaid funds from noncompliant States. Brief
for Respondents 44. But, the plaintiffs and dissent insist,
the federal government has neither the capacity nor the ap-
petite for taking that "drastic step." Ibid.; see Tr. of Oral
Arg. 110; see also post, at 2 -- 3 (JACKSON, J., dissenting).
This argument suffers from a number of problems. For
one, this Court has specifically rejected the notion that "the
cut-off of funding" is "too massive" a remedy "to be a realis-
tic source of relief " for violations of provisions.
Armstrong, 575 U. S., at 331. To the contrary, this Court
has called funding cutoffs "the typical remedy" when a
grant recipient violates the terms of spending-power legis-
lation. Pennhurst, 451 U. S., at 17.
For another, funding cutoffs may not be the only way to
enforce (23)(A). Like other States, South Carolina
has an administrative process that lets providers challenge
their exclusion from the State's Medicaid program. See
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 30; Gillespie, 867
F. 3d, at 1038. That process can culminate with state judi-
cial review -- and, if necessary, with a petition for certiorari
to this Court. See S. C. Code Ann. -- 23 -- 380 (Cum. Supp.
2024). Indeed, Planned Parenthood itself pursued just such
an administrative claim at one point. See App. 61 -- 63.
For another thing still, if existing remedies prove insuffi-
cient, Congress can create new ones. So, for example, it
might do as it did in FNHRA and revise (23)(A) to
provide States with clear and unambiguous notice of an in-
dividually enforceable right. Of course, as we have ob-
served, a decision like that comes with tradeoffs. At their
best, individual suits under can vindicate plaintiffs'
rights while pushing States to fulfill their obligations. But
private enforcement does not always benefit the public, not
least because it requires States to divert money and atten-
tion away from social services and toward litigation. And
24 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

Opinion of the Court

balancing those costs and benefits poses a question of public
policy that, under our system of government, only Congress
may answer. See Sandoval, 532 U. S., at 286; Gonzaga, 536
U. S., at 285 -- 286.9
*
Section 1983 permits private plaintiffs to sue for viola-
tions of federal spending-power statutes only in "atypical"
situations, Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183, where the provision
in question "clear[ly]" and "unambiguous[ly]" confers an in-
dividual "right," Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 290. Section
1396a(a)(23)(A) is not such a statute. Because the Fourth
Circuit concluded otherwise, its judgment is reversed and
the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 In the end, the dissent resorts to the extravagant charge that our de-

cision represents the "latest chapter" in a "project of stymying... civil
rights." Post, at 1 (opinion of JACKSON, J.); see also post, at 22. As we
have explained at length, our decision simply applies the same test this
Court applied in Gonzaga and again in Talevski (with the support of to-
day's dissenters). And in doing so, we reach the unsurprising conclusion
that it generally belongs to the federal government to supervise compli-
ance with its own spending programs. As the dissenters themselves put
it in Talevski, spending-power legislation creates privately enforceable
rights only in "atypical case[s]." 596 U. S., at 183. Our decision merely
recognizes that this case is not an atypical one.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 1275
_________________

EUNICE MEDINA, DIRECTOR, SOUTH CAROLINA
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN
SERVICES, PETITIONER v. PLANNED
PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC,
ET AL.

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT
[June 26, 2025]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring.
Individual plaintiffs may invoke Rev. Stat., 42
U. S. C., to sue state or local officials who have de-
prived them of "any rights, privileges, or immunities se-
cured by the Constitution and laws." In other words, 
provides a mechanism for plaintiffs to enforce constitu-
tional or statutory provisions that confer personally held
federal rights. The Court correctly holds today that
(23)(A) of the Medicaid Act is not such a provision.
Its decision properly limits plaintiffs' ability to bring 
suits premised on conditional spending legislation, and I
join in full. I write separately because it behooves us to
reexamine more broadly this Court's jurisprudence,
which bears little resemblance to the statute as originally
understood. In appropriate cases, we should reassess
's bounds, including its application in the spending
context and our understanding of the "rights" enforceable
under.
I
The history of makes clear that the statute has ex-
2 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

THOMAS, J., concurring

ceeded its original limits. Section 1983 originated as a nar-
row, Reconstruction era statute.
A
Congress enacted as of the Civil Rights Act of
1871, 17 Stat. 13. The 1871 Act was designed "to enforce
the Provisions of the Fourteenth Amendment," ibid., "in re-
sponse to an ongoing pattern of violence and intimidation"
against former slaves, W. Baude, J. Goldsmith, J. Manning,
J. Pfander, & A. Tyler, Hart and Wechsler's The Federal
Courts and the Federal System 1279 (8th ed. 2025) (Hart &
Wechsler). In its original form, provided a means by
which private plaintiffs could obtain redress from state and
local officials for certain constitutional violations:
"Be it enacted... That any person who, under color
of any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or
usage of any State, shall subject, or cause to be sub-
jected, any person within the jurisdiction of the United
States to the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or
immunities secured by the Constitution of the United
States, shall... be liable to the party injured in any
action at law, suit in equity, or other proper proceeding
for redress...." 17 Stat. 13.
In 1874, Congress extended 's reach to some statu-
tory violations, amending the language on "rights, privi-
leges, or immunities" to encompass "rights... secured by
the Constitution and laws." Rev. Stat.. Congress made this change as part of a general
1874 revision that aimed to "simplify, organize, and consol-
idate all federal statutes" into a single volume. Chapman
v. Houston Welfare Rights Organization, 
(1979) (Powell, J., concurring). In undertaking this revi-
sion, Congress "did not intend... to alter the content of fed-
eral statutory law," id., at 625, but only to "reproduc[e]" the
"existing laws," with "such additions... as shall give to
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

these provisions their intended effect," H. R. Misc. Doc. No.
31, 40th Cong., 3d Sess., 2 (1869).
Section 1983 has remained virtually unchanged, with
only relatively minor revisions. The current provision al-
lows injured parties to sue state and local officials for "the
deprivation of any rights, privileges, or immunities secured
by the Constitution and laws" that they cause "under color
of " state law.
B
Although the text of has remained largely con-
stant, the judicial understanding of its scope is an entirely
different matter. At the time of its enactment, " was
the least controversial provision in the 1871 Act, attracting
little attention or debate." Crawford-El v. Britton, 93 F. 3d
813, 829 -- 830 (CADC 1996) (en banc) (Silberman, J., con-
curring). The "provision spawned relatively few cases for
many decades." Hart & Wechsler 1280. By one count,
"there were only 21 cases decided under in its first 50
years." Crawford-El, 93 F. 3d, at 830 (Silberman, J., con-
curring).
When courts did face cases, they construed the
statute narrowly. This Court early on deemed 's pro-
tection of "rights, privileges, or immunities" to "refer to civil
rights only." Holt v. Indiana Mfg. Co., 
(1900). The Court "never was precise about what these civil
rights were," but case law generally focused on "the rights
that Congress had delineated in the Civil Rights Act of
1866," which "mandated racial equality respecting a citi-
zen's ability to sue and be a party in state court, to testify,
to make contracts, and to buy, sell, and inherit property."
M. Collins, "Economic Rights," Implied Constitutional Ac-
tions, and the Scope of Section 1983, 77 Geo. L. J. 1493,
1500 -- 1501 (1989) (Collins); see 14 Stat. 27, as amended, 42
U. S. C. -- 1982. Courts later coalesced around then-
Justice Stone's view that the relevant rights were "one[s] of
4 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

THOMAS, J., concurring

personal liberty," such as free speech and assembly, but not
"property rights." Hague v. Committee for Industrial Or-
ganization, 531 (1939); see Maine v. Thi-
boutot, -- 28, and nn. 17 -- 18 (1980) (Powell, J.,
dissenting) (discussing then-Justice Stone's "prevailing
view"). The courts also adopted "a restrictive reading of the
statute's reference to rights 'secured by' the Constitution
and laws," construing that phrase to "exclud[e] rights that
did not... take their origin in or derive 'directly' from the
Constitution or federal law." Collins 1502 -- 1503, and nn.
59 -- 60.
This Court's jurisprudence took a sharp turn when
the Court decided Monroe v. Pape, (1961).
Prior to Monroe, was understood to impose liability
only for actions "taken by officials pursuant to state law."
Id., at 184; see Crawford-El v. Britton, 
(1998) (Scalia, J., dissenting). But, Monroe held that an of-
ficial acts "under color of law" and becomes subject to the
statute so long as he "is clothed with the authority of state
law," regardless of whether the State has authorized his ac-
tions. 365 U. S., at 184, 187. As a result, individuals can now bring ac-
tions for "violations committed without the authority of
any" state law or "indeed even... violations committed in
stark violation of state civil or criminal law." Crawford-El,
523 U. S., at 611 (Scalia, J., dissenting). Monroe thus
"breathed new life" into. E. Zagrans, "Under Color
Of " What Law: A Reconstructed Model of Section 1983 Lia-
bility, 71 Va. L. Rev. 499, 500 -- 501 (1985).
The Court continued to broaden in the years that
followed. In Lynch v. Household Finance Corp., (1972), it rejected then-Justice Stone's exclusion of
" 'property' rights" from the scope of. Id., at 542.
Then, in 1980, the Court recognized for the first time in Thi-
boutot that could reach statutory violations in addi-
tion to constitutional ones. See 448 U. S., at 4 -- 5; ante, at 6.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring

The upshot of these decisions was that can reach "any
and all violations" of rights secured by the Constitution or
federal law. Health and Hospital Corporation of Marion
Cty. v. Talevski, (2023) (THOMAS, J., dis-
senting); see Dennis v. Higgins, (1991);
Thiboutot, 448 U. S., at 4 -- 5. Moreover, under the Court's
modern standard, a right is "secured by" the Constitution
or federal law as long as it "unambiguously confer[s] indi-
vidual rights upon a class of beneficiaries," and Congress
did not manifest any contrary intent to make una-
vailable. Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183, 186 (internal quota-
tion marks omitted). The consequence is that litigants can
now invoke to challenge myriad "state actions that
have little or nothing to do with" civil rights. Thiboutot, 448
U. S., at 25 (Powell, J., dissenting).1
This jurisprudential shift has transformed litiga-
tion. In 1961, the year the Court issued Monroe, federal
courts heard just 296 civil rights actions. Crawford-El, 93
F. 3d, at 830 (Silberman, J., concurring). Post-Monroe,
courts have faced a "deluge" of filings numbering in
the tens of thousands each year. R. Aldisert, Judicial Ex-
pansion of Federal Jurisdiction: A Federal Judge's
Thoughts on Section 1983, Comity and the Federal Case-
load, 1973 Law & Social Order 557, 563; see Federal Judi-
cial Center, M. Schwartz, Section 1983 Litigation 4 (3d ed.
2014) ("Each year, the federal courts face dockets filled with
huge numbers of cases").2 Section 1983 has become
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 To be sure, our jurisprudence is not without guardrails. As

today's decision emphasizes, few federal laws truly "secure" individual
rights: Our cases in the spending-power context make clear that federal
laws unambiguously confer such rights "only in 'atypical case[s],' " where
a statutory provision meets a " 'stringent' and 'demanding' test." Ante,
at 6 ). But, limits like this one do not alter
the overall thrust of our case law.
2 In the 12-month period before September 30, 2024, federal district

courts docketed over 65,000 new civil rights actions. See U. S. Courts,
6 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

THOMAS, J., concurring

"easily the most important statute authorizing suits
against state officials for violations of the Constitution and
[federal] laws." Hart & Wechsler 1280. Notwithstanding
its origins as an "extraordinary remedy passed during Re-
construction to protect basic civil rights against oppressive
state action," now serves as "simply one more weapon
in the litigant's arsenal." Dennis, 498 U. S., at 465 (Ken-
nedy, J., dissenting).
II
The "scant resemblance" between today and 
as it was traditionally understood creates good reason to
doubt our modern understanding. Crawford-El, 523 U. S.,
at 611 (Scalia, J., dissenting). After all, a statute's meaning
turns on what its words "conveyed to reasonable people at
the time they were written." A. Scalia & B. Garner, Read-
ing Law 16 (2012). To ensure that we are not "elevat[ing]
demonstrably erroneous decisions" over "duly enacted fed-
eral law," we should in appropriate cases revisit the proper
bounds of. Gamble v. United States, (2019) (THOMAS, J., concurring). Although the poten-
tial problems are numerous, this case implicates two in par-
ticular: the extension of into the spending-power con-
text, and an ahistorically modern understanding of the
"rights" protected by.3
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
U. S. District Courts -- Civil Cases Commenced, by Nature of Suit, Dur-
ing the 12-Month Periods Ending Sept. 30, 2020 through 2024 (Table
C -- 2A), https://uscourts.gov/sites/default/files/2025-01/jb_c2a_0930.2024.
pdf. Although the data is not granular enough to determine the precise
number of cases within this total, cases undoubtedly make
up a sizable fraction. Cf. C. Whitman, Constitutional Torts, 79 Mich.
L. Rev. 5, 6, (1980) ("In practice, virtually all civil rights cases filed
against states in federal court include a claim").
3 I have elsewhere identified other questionable aspects of our 

jurisprudence. For example, there is reason to doubt the broad reading
of 's "under color of " language in Monroe v. Pape, 
(1961). See Baxter v. Bracey, 590 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___, (2020) (THOMAS,
J., dissenting from denial of certiorari) ( -- 6, ). Given
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

THOMAS, J., concurring

A
As I explained at length in Talevski, this Court has erred
in extending into the spending-power context. See
599 U. S., at 196 -- 230 (dissenting opinion). Section 1983
provides a means to redress the deprivation of "rights, priv-
ileges, or immunities secured by the Constitution and
laws." But, legislation enacted under Congress's spending
power cannot "secure" rights as required by.
This conclusion flows from a proper understanding of
spending legislation. An exercise of Congress's power to
spend "is no more than a disposition of funds." Id., at 196.
That description holds even when Congress imposes condi-
tions on the receipt of federal funds: Conditional spending
legislation amounts to a "contractual offer," whose condi-
tions "have no effect... unless and until they are freely ac-
cepted by the" recipient. Id., at 196, 201. It thus is " 'only
the agreement -- and not the statute -- [that] makes the
terms obligatory on the funds recipient.' " Id., at 204.
In other words, conditional spending legislation does not
itself "secure any rights." Id., at 201. It cannot "make cer-
tain" or "guarantee" the obligations imposed by the spend-
ing conditions. J. Worcester, A Dictionary of the English
Language 1299 (1860); accord, Webster's New Interna-
tional Dictionary 1911 (1909). Accordingly, any third par-
ties who benefit from those obligations cannot derive an en-
forceable federal right from the legislation: "[S]uch third-
party rights... are 'secured' (if at all)... only by the con-
tract between the recipient and the United States." Talev-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
's Reconstruction era context, it also is questionable whether stat-
utory actions can be based on laws besides those "enacted under
Congress' Reconstruction Amendments enforcement powers." Talevski,
599 U. S., at 225, (THOMAS, J., dissenting). And, reexamination
may be warranted as to whether even supplies a freestanding
cause of action. See Williams v. Reed, 604 U. S. ___, ___, n. (2025)
(THOMAS, J., dissenting) (, n.).
8 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

THOMAS, J., concurring

ski, 599 U. S., at 205 (THOMAS, J., dissenting) (some inter-
nal quotation marks omitted).
Were it otherwise, conditional spending legislation would
be unconstitutional. When the would-be recipient of federal
funds is a State, treating spending conditions as imposing
mandatory obligations "would contradict the bedrock con-
stitutional prohibition against federal commandeering of
the States." Id., at 196. That prohibition protects state sov-
ereignty by barring Congress from "conscript[ing] state gov-
ernments as its agents" or "requir[ing] the States to govern
according to [its] instructions." New York v. United States, 178 (1992). Moreover, the historical rec-
ord makes clear that Congress's "spending power is the
power to spend only" and does not "carry with it any inde-
pendent regulatory authority." Talevski, 599 U. S., at 206,
224 (THOMAS, J., dissenting).
I therefore continue to think that the Talevski majority
erred "[i]n holding that spending conditions... can directly
impose obligations on the States with the force of federal
law." Id., at 229; see id., at 177 -- 180 (majority opinion).
When "fairly possible," we ordinarily read statutes "to avoid... the conclusion that [they are] unconstitutional." United
States v. Jin Fuey Moy, (1916). Yet,
Talevski chose an implausible reading of that created
constitutional infirmity -- and substantial infirmity, at that,
given the frequency with which modern spending legisla-
tion imposes spending conditions. See 599 U. S., at 202
(THOMAS, J., dissenting).
This case does not present an occasion to remedy our er-
ror because the petitioner did not ask us to revisit our prec-
edents. But, in a case where the issue is properly pre-
sented, I would make clear that spending conditions -- 
which are by definition conditional -- cannot "secure" rights.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

THOMAS, J., concurring

B
Separately, I question whether our current understand-
ing of is overbroad with respect to the range of
"rights, privileges, or immunities" covered by that statute.
Given the degree to which the judicial conception of "rights"
evolved over the 20th century, I doubt that, as origi-
nally understood, protects the full range of "rights" that
courts now construe it to cover.
Our cases have glossed over the threshold question of
what constitutes a "right" under. As to constitutional
rights, the Court has simply assumed that the term "rights"
has the same meaning in as elsewhere. Accordingly,
the Court has allowed to evolve "into an all-purpose
constitutional litigation statute," with its reach growing in
proportion to the Court's recognition of novel constitutional
"rights" in other contexts, without consideration of whether
's original meaning can be so flexible. Collins 1537;
see Dennis, 498 U. S., at 445 ("[W]e have rejected attempts
to limit the types of constitutional rights that are encom-
passed [under ]"). As to statutory rights, the Court
has essentially collapsed the question whether a "right" ex-
ists into the broader inquiry whether there is a "righ[t]...
secured by the Constitution and laws," as requires.
Our current test asks whether a law "clearly and unambig-
uously uses rights-creating terms" and displays "an unmis-
takable focus on individuals like the plaintiff." Ante, at 6
(internal quotation marks and alterations omitted). But,
the test does not consider the meaning of the term "rights"
standing alone.
Applying these inquiries, the Court has recognized a wide
variety of constitutional and statutory "rights" enforceable
under. Particularly given how broadly the Court has
construed "the due process or cruel and unusual punish-
ment clauses, almost any common law tort committed by a
state officer" now can be "converted into a constitutional vi-
10 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

THOMAS, J., concurring

olation and thereby made the basis of a section 1983 ac-
tion." Developments in the Law: Section 1983 and Federal-
ism, 90 Harv. L. Rev. 1133, 1173 (1977).4 And, the Court
has found a variety of "rights" conferred through statutes
far removed from 's Reconstruction era roots, such as
laws concerning federal entitlement programs. See, e.g.,
Thiboutot, 448 U. S., at 4 -- 6 (Social Security); Talevski, 599
U. S., at 184 -- 186 (Medicaid).
We should revisit the threshold question of what consti-
tutes a "right" under. Because we interpret statutes
at the time of their enactment, see Loper Bright Enterprises
v. Raimondo, (2024), the answer to that
question turns on how ordinary readers would have under-
stood the phrase "rights, privileges, or immunities" in 1871.
And, it seems more than likely that contemporaneous read-
ers would have understood those terms more narrowly than
our current doctrine does. For example, such readers
presumably would have read in light of its Recon-
struction era context, especially given that the provision's
" 'rights, privileges or immunities' language suggestively
echoed the fourteenth amendment's 'privileges or immuni-
ties' clause." Collins 1505; cf. Talevski, 599 U. S., at 225,
(THOMAS, J., dissenting) (questioning whether statu-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 In one case, the Court even deemed enforceable under the neg-

ative Commerce Clause " 'right' to engage in interstate trade free from
restrictive state regulation." Dennis v. Higgins, -- 451
(1991). Setting aside that "[t]he negative Commerce Clause has no basis
in the text of the Constitution," Camps Newfound/Owatonna, Inc. v.
Town of Harrison, (1997) (THOMAS, J., dissenting), the
holding in Dennis relied on reasoning from our statutory cases
that we have since repudiated. Compare 498 U. S., at 448 -- 449, with
ante, at 13 -- 14. As the Court emphasizes today, our more recent statu-
tory case law makes clear that statutes must include "unambigu-
ous rights-creating language" to be enforceable through. Ante, at
19. In an appropriate case, we should at minimum extend similar scru-
tiny to the range of constitutional rights enforceable through.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

THOMAS, J., concurring

tory actions should be "confined to laws enacted un-
der Congress' Reconstruction Amendments enforcement
powers").
Even assuming that courts should give the term "rights"
in the broadest meaning it could have received in
1871, that meaning almost certainly was narrower than our
understanding today. Case law from the period surround-
ing emphasized a distinction between rights and
mere government benefits. For example, in cases concern-
ing military pensions, this Court made clear that pensions
were simply "bounties of the government," to which "[n]o
pensioner has a vested legal right." United States v. Teller,
(1883); accord, e.g., Frisbie v. United States,
(1895). Likewise, while serving on the
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, Justice Holmes fa-
mously summarized the once-prevailing understanding of
government employees' free speech rights when he declared
that "[t]he petitioner may have a constitutional right to talk
politics, but he has no constitutional right to be a police-
man" -- that is, he has no right to public employment.
McAuliffe v. Mayor and Bd. of Aldermen of New Bedford,
155 Mass. 216, 220, 29 N. E. 517 (1892). That view re-
mained "unchallenged dogma" for "most of th[e 20th] cen-
tury." Connick v. Myers, (1983).
Only in the 1960s and 1970s did the Court replace its tra-
ditional distinction between rights and benefits with a dra-
matically expanded conception of "rights." Most notably, in
Goldberg v. Kelly, (1970), the Court held that
welfare benefits, previously thought of as gratuities, are in
fact property for purposes of the Fourteenth Amendment's
Due Process Clause. Id., at 261 -- 262.5 Goldberg and other
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 As I have previously explained, Goldberg rests on tenuous grounds.

Forgoing "meaningful legal analysis," the decision "simply highlighted
the social importance of 'entitlements' " in modern America. Williams,
604 U. S., at ___ -- ___, n. (dissenting opinion) ( -- 4, n.) ; see also Gutierrez v. Saenz, 606
12 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

THOMAS, J., concurring

contemporaneous cases formed a "due process revolution"
that extended the Due Process Clause to cover traditionally
unprotected categories such as "a government job or bene-
fits." R. Pierce, The Due Process Counterrevolution of the
1990s? 96 Colum. L. Rev. 1973, 1974, 1977 -- 1980 (1996).
The modern framework developed during the same
period as this rights "revolution," and the Court's shift in
cases like Goldberg inevitably influenced the Court's under-
standing of "rights" in the context. Plaintiffs now
routinely bring claims alleging constitutional viola-
tions that would have been unimaginable in 1871. Com-
pare, e.g., Escoe v. Zerbst, (1935) (deem-
ing parole an "act of grace" not protected by the Due Process
Clause), with Wilkinson v. Dotson, -- 77
(2005) (allowing prisoners' challenges to state parole proce-
dures to proceed under ). And, much of our case law
on statutory actions stems from plaintiffs' efforts to
enforce so-called rights conferred through entitlement pro-
grams. See, e.g., Thiboutot, 448 U. S., at 2 -- 3. In light of
the distinctly modern nature of our jurisprudence, I
doubt that we have correctly interpreted the term "rights"
for purposes of.6
* * *
The Court properly applies our precedents to resolve the
question presented. As it makes clear, even under current
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025) (dissenting opinion) ( -- 13) (ex-
plaining how Goldberg marked a "radical redefinition of 'property' "
rights).
6 The dissent questions whether sufficient "research" supports my cur-

rent conclusions. Post, at 20 -- 21 (opinion of JACKSON, J.). But, my point
is precisely that further examination is warranted. Insofar as the dis-
sent highlights the existence of other "historical sources" beyond the
scope of this concurring opinion, the "broader" historical record at which
the dissent gestures only reinforces the need to consider the relationship
(or lack thereof ) between our current jurisprudence and 's
original meaning. Post, at 21.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

THOMAS, J., concurring

doctrine, courts should not too readily recognize a statutory
right as enforceable under. Ante, at 12 -- 14. But,
given the remarkable gap between the original understand-
ing of and its current role, a more fundamental reex-
amination of our jurisprudence is in order.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 1275
_________________

EUNICE MEDINA, DIRECTOR, SOUTH CAROLINA
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN
SERVICES, PETITIONER v. PLANNED
PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC,
ET AL.

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT
[June 26, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting.
The Civil Rights Act of 1871 was an exercise in grand am-
bition. It had to be. In the wake of the Civil War, the Amer-
ican South was consumed by a wave of terrorist violence
designed to disenfranchise and intimidate the country's
newly freed citizens and their allies. The threat was exis-
tential -- not just for the newly liberated, but for democracy
itself -- and required bold intervention. It was precisely be-
cause the goals of the 1871 Act were so ambitious that those
most committed to the structures it targeted, including
many in South Carolina, opposed the measure so vehe-
mently.
A century and a half later, the project of stymying one of
the country's great civil rights laws continues. In this latest
chapter, South Carolina urges our Court to adopt a narrow
and ahistorical reading of the 1871 Act's first section, which
is codified today at 42 U. S. C.. That venerable pro-
vision permits any citizen to obtain redress in federal court
for "the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or immunities
secured by the Constitution and laws" of the United States.
South Carolina asks us to hollow out that provision so that
2 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

the State can evade liability for violating the rights of its
Medicaid recipients to choose their own doctors. The Court
abides South Carolina's request. I would not. For that rea-
son, I respectfully dissent.
I
This case concerns South Carolina's obligations under the
Medicaid Act. Signed into law by President Lyndon B.
Johnson in 1965, the Medicaid Act establishes "a coopera-
tive federal-state program that provides medical care to
needy individuals." Douglas v. Independent Living Center
of Southern Cal., Inc., (2012). "Like other
Spending Clause legislation, Medicaid offers the States a
bargain: Congress provides federal funds in exchange for
the States' agreement to spend them in accordance with
congressionally imposed conditions." Armstrong v. Excep-
tional Child Center, Inc., (2015).
Any State that wishes to receive federal funds under the
program must submit a proposed Medicaid plan to the De-
partment of Health and Human Services (HHS). 42
U. S. C. -- 1. If HHS approves the plan, the State will
receive the funding. States enjoy relatively wide discretion
in crafting their Medicaid plans. They have significant con-
trol, for instance, over who is eligible to receive Medicaid
benefits and which types of services are covered. E.g.,
(10)(A)(ii), (70), (86).
Still, the Medicaid Act imposes certain plan requirements
on States as a condition of receiving federal funding. If a
State "fail[s] to comply substantially" with those conditions,
HHS may withhold further funding from that State.
; see also 42 CFR.12(c) (2023). In practice, how-
ever, HHS rarely invokes its authority to withhold funding
because doing so would inevitably harm the program's ben-
eficiaries.1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Kaiser Family Foundation, Focus on Health Reform: A Guide to the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

One of the conditions that the Medicaid Act imposes on
participating States is the requirement that Medicaid re-
cipients be able to choose their own healthcare providers
without government interference. The statute explicitly re-
quires that every State's Medicaid plan must "provide that... any individual eligible for medical assistance (including
drugs) may obtain such assistance from any institution,
agency, community pharmacy, or person, qualified to per-
form the service or services required." (23)(A).
Congress enacted that provision, known as the "free-choice-
of-provider provision," in order to prevent States from steer-
ing Medicaid recipients to the States' preferred healthcare
providers. See H. R. Rep. No. 544, 90th Cong., 1st Sess.,
122 (1967).
The dispute in this case arises from South Carolina's fail-
ure to comply with that provision. In 2018, the State's Gov-
ernor issued an executive order deeming all "abortion clin-
ics" unqualified to provide healthcare services and directing
the State's Department of Health and Human Services to
terminate them from the State's Medicaid program. App.
to Pet. for Cert. 157a -- 160a. That executive order would
have forced two clinics operated by Planned Parenthood
South Atlantic (PPSAT) -- one in Charleston and one in Co-
lumbia -- to stop serving any patients who rely on Medicaid.
One of those patients is respondent Julie Edwards. Be-
fore she became a PPSAT patient, Edwards had struggled
to find a healthcare provider capable of meeting her needs
as a diabetic whose condition heightened the risks associ-
ated with pregnancy. At PPSAT, she found doctors who
were able to provide her with the services she needed, as
well as a respectful and judgment-free environment to re-
ceive care.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Supreme Court's Decision on the ACA's Medicaid Expansion 1 (Aug.
2012), https://www.kff.org/affordable-care-act/issue-brief/a-guide-to-the-
supreme-courts-decision/.
4 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Edwards filed this lawsuit against state health officials
under seeking to enjoin PPSAT's termination from
the Medicaid program. She asserted that the termination
decision violated her rights under the free-choice-of-pro-
vider provision to obtain care from her doctors of choice.
The District Court entered summary judgment in Ed-
wards's favor and enjoined the State from terminating
PPSAT from its Medicaid program. Planned Parenthood v.
Baker, 487 F. Supp. 3d 443, 448 (SC 2020). The Fourth Cir-
cuit affirmed. Planned Parenthood v. Kerr, 27 F. 4th 945,
959 (2022). In a careful opinion authored by Judge Wil-
kinson, the panel held that the free-choice-of-provider pro-
vision conferred an individual right on Medicaid recipients
to select their own healthcare providers and that, as such,
that right was enforceable under. Rejecting South
Carolina's arguments to the contrary, the court concluded
that the "statutory text... unmistakably evinces Con-
gress's intention to confer on Medicaid beneficiaries a right
to the free choice of their provider." Id., at 956.
South Carolina petitioned for certiorari. While its peti-
tion was pending, this Court decided Health and Hospital
Corporation of Marion County v. Talevski, 
(2023), which considered whether a different provision of
the Medicaid Act conferred rights enforceable under.
We therefore granted South Carolina's petition, vacated the
judgment below, and remanded the case for the Fourth Cir-
cuit to reconsider the parties' arguments in light of our de-
cision in Talevski. 599 U. S. ___ (2023).
On remand, the Fourth Circuit once again determined
that the free-choice-of-provider provision establishes an in-
dividual right that can be enforced under. Planned
Parenthood South Atlantic v. Kerr, 95 F. 4th 152, 154
(2024). The panel, in another thoughtful opinion by Judge
Wilkinson, "conclude[d] that Talevski did not change the
law to an extent that would call our previous determina-
tions into question." Id., at 159. It therefore affirmed the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

District Court's order granting summary judgment to Ed-
wards and enjoining the State from terminating PPSAT
from its Medicaid program. Id., at 170.
II
Two years ago, in Health and Hospital Corporation of
Marion County v. Talevski, this Court out-
lined the test for determining whether a federal statute is
privately enforceable under. The majority accepts
that the touchstone for that inquiry is whether the law in
question "unambiguously confer[s] individual federal
rights." Id., at 180 (emphasis deleted); see ante, at 13. But
the opinion it hands down today suggests that, as a practi-
cal matter, the character of the law -- and, in particular,
whether it was enacted under Congress's spending power -- 
is all but dispositive of the required rights determination.
That view distorts the unambiguous-conferral test beyond
recognition and strains our precedential holding that
's unqualified use of the word "laws" means exactly
what it says. As I explain below, under a faithful applica-
tion of our unambiguous-conferral test, the Medicaid Act's
free-choice-of-provider provision readily creates an enforce-
able right.
A
The Civil Rights Act of 1871 was designed to bolster the
protections of the Civil War Amendments and earlier Re-
construction statutes, which had failed to "preven[t] post-
bellum state actors from continuing to deprive American
citizens of federally protected rights." Talevski, 599 U. S.,
at 176. White supremacist violence was spreading across
the South, aided at times by state and local officials, and
the mayhem posed a fundamental threat to both public
safety and the rule of law. E. Foner, Reconstruction: Amer-
ica's Unfinished Revolution 1863 -- 1877, pp. 442 -- 444 (1988).
The 1871 Act aimed to combat that threat in various
6 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

ways. One of them, embedded in the Act's very first section,
was to "ope[n] the federal courts to private citizens, offering
a uniquely federal remedy against incursions under the
claimed authority of state law upon rights secured by the
Constitution and laws of the Nation." Mitchum v. Foster,
(1972).
The text of that provision, now codified at 42 U. S. C., is straightforward. It authorizes private individuals
to sue state or local officials who deprive them of "any
rights, privileges, or immunities secured by the Constitu-
tion and laws" of the United States. Mindful of the statute's
ambitious goals, the Court has traditionally "given full ef-
fect to its broad language, recognizing that 'pro-
vide[s] a remedy, to be broadly construed, against all forms
of official violation of federally protected rights.' " Dennis v.
Higgins, (1991).
Thus, in Maine v. Thiboutot, (1980), we ex-
pressly rejected a State's contention that the phrase "and
laws" refers only to civil rights laws enacted under Con-
gress's Fourteenth Amendment powers. As we explained,
the statute's "plain language" -- and, in particular, the fact
that "Congress attached no modifiers to the phrase" -- 
makes clear that the word "laws" "means what it says" and
is not "limited to some subset of laws." Ibid.
At the same time, our cases also recognize that 
"speaks in terms of 'rights, privileges, or immunities,' not
violations of federal law" more generally. Golden State
Transit Corp. v. Los Angeles, (1989). Ac-
cordingly, we have held that a plaintiff may not prevail un-
der merely by identifying a violation of any federal
statute; rather, she must identify a violation of a statute
that creates " 'rights, privileges, or immunities.' " Ibid.
The test we apply for determining whether a statute cre-
ates such "rights, privileges, or immunities" has gradually
grown more restrictive over the years. During the 1980s
and 1990s, the Court adhered to Thiboutot's plain-language
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

approach to and thus freely recognized individual
rights in federal "laws," absent clear congressional intent to
the contrary. E.g., Livadas v. Bradshaw, -- 134 (1994) (holding that employees could use to
enforce a provision of the National Labor Relations Act);
Wright v. Roanoke Redevelopment and Housing Authority,
-- 432 (1987) (holding that public-housing
tenants could use to enforce a provision of the Hous-
ing Act of 1937 capping their rental payments).
In Wilder v. Virginia Hospital Assn., -- 
510 (1990), for instance, we held that healthcare providers
could use to enforce a provision of the Medicaid Act
that required States to reimburse them at "reasonable and
adequate" rates. We determined that the provision was en-
forceable because it left "little doubt that health care pro-
viders [were] the intended beneficiaries," and it was "cast
in mandatory rather than precatory terms." Id., at 510,
512. We also rejected the defendant's argument that the
provision's "reasonable and adequate" mandate was "too
'vague and amorphous' to be judicially enforceable," observ-
ing that the statute provided an "objective benchmark" for
States to judge those criteria. Id., at 519.
A few years after Wilder, Congress endorsed our holistic
approach to evaluating whether statutes create rights that
are enforceable under. In 1994, it passed a statute
confirming that a provision may create enforceable rights
even if the provision is framed as a directive to States as
part of a federal spending program., 108 Stat. 4057.
Congress enacted that statute in direct response to our de-
cision in Suter v. Artist M., where we had held that a provi-
sion of the Adoption Assistance and Child Welfare Act was
not enforceable under. (1992).
Our decision in that case had relied, in part, on the fact that
the provision at issue appeared in a section of the statute
that required States to submit specific plans to HHS as a
condition of receiving federal funds. Id., at 358. Rejecting
8 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

that line of reasoning, Congress adopted what has come to
be called the "Suter fix." The statute it enacted provides
that a "provision is not to be deemed unenforceable because
of its inclusion in a section of this chapter [of the U. S. Code]
requiring a State plan or specifying the required contents
of a State plan." -- 2.2 The statute explicitly "over-
turn[ed]" any suggestion in Suter that state-plan require-
ments cannot be enforced under -- an interpretive ap-
proach that, in Congress's view, had "not [been] applied in
prior Supreme Court decisions respecting enforcea-
bility." Ibid.
The Court decided Blessing v. Freestone, 
(1997), three years after Congress adopted the Suter fix.
With no mention of -- 2, Blessing summarized how
the Court had previously approached determining whether
a federal law is privately enforceable under. After
surveying our past cases on the subject, we identified three
key factors that bore on "whether a particular statutory
provision gives rise to a federal right." 520 U. S., at 340.
Those three factors were: (1) whether "Congress... in-
tended that the provision in question benefit the plaintiff ";
(2) whether "the right assertedly protected by the statute"
is "so 'vague or amorphous' that its enforcement would
strain judicial competence"; and (3) whether the statute
"unambiguously impose[s] a binding obligation on the
States." Id., at 340 -- 341.
Although the Blessing factors aimed merely to synthesize
our past decisions, they also struck a balance between
's broad remedial goals and our historical concern
that States receive fair notice of their statutory obligations
under federal law. That balance began to shift dramatically
in the years following Blessing.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The law at issue in this case -- Medicaid's free-choice-of-provider pro-

vision, 42 U. S. C. (23) -- is codified in the same chapter of Title
42 as the Suter fix.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

B
In Gonzaga University v. Doe, (2002), the
Court adopted a restrictive test for determining whether a
federal statute creates rights enforceable under.
There, we held that a university student could not use
to enforce a provision of the Family Educational
Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) -- a statute that directed
the Secretary of Education to withhold federal funds from
schools that had failed to maintain the confidentiality of
their students' educational records. We suggested that
Blessing had led to "confusion" among some lower courts
about how to determine whether a statute confers rights
that are enforceable under. Id., at 282 -- 283. Citing
a need for greater clarity, Gonzaga stated: "We now reject
the notion that our cases permit anything short of an un-
ambiguously conferred right to support a cause of action
brought under." Id., at 283.
To justify that stricter standard, the Court relied heavily
on the fact that Congress had enacted FERPA under its
spending powers. We noted that, in " 'legislation enacted
pursuant to the spending power, the typical remedy for
state noncompliance with federally imposed conditions is... action by the Federal Government to terminate funds.' "
Id., at 280 ). For that reason, we
explained, recipients of federal funds must have clear notice
that their failure to comply with a particular funding con-
dition might "subjec[t] them to private suits for money dam-
ages" under. 536 U. S., at 286 -- 287,. We thus
concluded that "if Congress wishes to create new rights en-
forceable under, it must do so in clear and unambig-
uous terms." Id., at 290. And we held that FERPA flunked
that test because its confidentiality mandate -- which was
framed principally as a directive to the Secretary of Educa-
tion -- "lack[ed] the sort of 'rights-creating' language critical
10 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

to showing the requisite congressional intent to create new
rights." Id., at 287.
But while Gonzaga made the test for evaluating the en-
forceability of statutory rights under more stringent,
it did not close the door on enforcement altogether.
Just two years ago, in Talevski, we applied Gonzaga's ana-
lytical framework and held that a pair of Medicaid provi-
sions created individual rights. 599 U. S., at 183. There,
we determined that plaintiffs could use to enforce
two provisions of the Federal Nursing Home Reform Act, or
FNHRA -- one imposing certain predischarge-notice re-
quirements on nursing facilities and the other barring those
facilities from using unnecessary chemical restraints on
their residents. Id., at 171.
Talevski's analysis began by restating "the Gonzaga test."
Id., at 183. As we
recounted, that test asks whether "the provision in question
is ' "phrased in terms of the persons benefited" ' and con-
tains 'rights-creating,' individual-centric language with an
' "unmistakable focus on the benefited class." ' " 599 U. S.,
at 183. Although
we recognized that this test was "stringent," we held that
the two FNHRA provisions at issue satisfied it. 599 U. S.,
at 186. We cited the fact that both provisions appeared in
a list of "[r]equirements 'relating to residents' rights.' " Id.,
at 184. And we outlined how the text of each provision "un-
ambiguously confer[red] rights upon the residents of nurs-
ing-home facilities ": The unnecessary-restraint provision
required nursing homes to "protect and promote... [t]he
right to be free from... any physical or chemical restraints"
not needed for treatment, while the predischarge-notice
provision referred to " 'transfer and discharge rights' " and
stated that nursing homes " 'must not transfer or discharge
[a] resident' " without notice. Id., at 184 -- 185.
Perhaps most importantly, our opinion in Talevski also
squarely rejected the defendant's argument that "
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

contains an implicit carveout for laws that Congress enacts
via its spending power." Id., at 171. The defendant, an In-
diana hospital system, had argued that " 'Spending Clause
statutes do not give rise to privately enforceable rights un-
der Section 1983' " because such statutes operate like con-
tracts, which "were not 'generally' enforceable by third-
party beneficiaries at common law." Id., at 178. In rejecting that attempt to dilute
's power, we affirmed once again that " '[l]aws' means
'laws,' no less today than in the 1870s." Id., at 172. Our
decision thus preserved 's central remedial aims, even
as it faithfully applied Gonzaga's "demanding" test for
whether statutes "unambiguously confer individual federal
rights." 599 U. S., at 180.3
C
Medicaid's free-choice-of-provider provision easily satis-
fies the unambiguous-conferral test. To start, the text of
the provision is plainly " ' "phrased in terms of the persons
benefited" ' " -- namely, Medicaid recipients. Id., at 183. The
provision states that every Medicaid plan "must... provide
that... any individual eligible for medical assistance (in-
cluding drugs) may obtain such assistance from any insti-
tution, agency, community pharmacy, or person, qualified
to perform the service or services required."
(23)(A). This "individual-cen-
tric" formulation reflects an " ' "unmistakable focus on the
benefited class." ' " Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Talevski also recognized that "[e]ven if a statutory provision unam-

biguously secures rights, a defendant 'may defeat t[he] presumption by
demonstrating that Congress did not intend' that be available to
enforce those rights." 599 U. S., at 186. South Carolina has not invoked
that proposition here as a basis for arguing that Medicaid's free-choice-
of-provider provision is not enforceable under.
12 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Congress also used rights-creating language in the head-
ing of the provision when it enacted the original session
law. The provision was entitled: "FREE CHOICE BY
INDIVIDUALS ELIGIBLE FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE," 81 Stat.
903.4 This phrasing indisputably invokes
language classically associated with establishing rights.
E.g., U. S. Const., Amdt. 1 (protecting the "free exercise" of
religion); Faretta v. California, -- 834
(1975) ("[W]hatever else may be said of those who wrote the
Bill of Rights, surely there can be no doubt that they under-
stood the inestimable worth of free choice"). And Congress
reinforced its rights-creating intent by making the provi-
sion mandatory -- it specifically inserted the word "must"
into the statute -- to make clear that the obligation imposed
on the States was binding. If Congress did not want to pro-
tect Medicaid recipients' freedom to choose their own pro-
viders, it would have likely avoided using a combination of
classically compulsory language and explicit individual-
centric terminology. As the Fourth Circuit rightly put it, it
is "difficult to imagine a clearer or more affirmative di-
rective." Planned Parenthood v. Baker, 941 F. 3d 687, 694
(2019).
The provision's history confirms what the text makes ev-
ident: that Congress intended the provision to be binding.
Congress enacted the free-choice-of-provider provision in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The majority seeks to downplay the title Congress assigned to the

free-choice-of-provider provision by noting that a title "by itself " cannot
confer rights. Ante, at 21. But the majority does not appear to dispute
that statutory titles offer at least some insight into Congress's intent, as
evidenced by the majority's own reliance on statutory titles elsewhere in
its opinion. See ante, at 15 (highlighting the title of one of FNHRA's
subprovisions); ante, at 18 ). In any event,
as the rest of the discussion above illustrates, Congress's decision to use
the "free choice" language in its session-law heading is not the only evi-
dence of its rights-creating intent with respect to the provision at issue
here.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

1967 -- just two years after the original Medicaid Act -- in di-
rect response to efforts by some jurisdictions to steer Medi-
caid beneficiaries to specific providers. See H. R. Rep. No.
544, at 122. To prevent States from interfering with Medi-
caid recipients' freedom to choose their own providers, Con-
gress adopted nearly identical language from a provision of
the Medicare Act that -- in both purpose and effect -- had
guaranteed that right to Medicare beneficiaries..
In other words, Congress made a deliberate choice to pro-
tect Medicaid recipients' ability to choose their own provid-
ers by employing statutory language that it knew, based on
its Medicare experience, would achieve that end. Con-
gress's intent could not have been clearer.
That clarity is perhaps why, in the only other case where
we have had occasion to construe the free-choice-of-provider
provision, we repeatedly used the word "right" to describe
the protection it confers. In O'Bannon v. Town Court Nurs-
ing Center, (1980), a group of elderly Medicaid
recipients sought to leverage the provision to assert "a con-
stitutional right to a hearing" before Medicaid officials
could strip their nursing home of funding. Id., at 775. In
rejecting the recipients' understanding of the provision, we
explained what the provision does protect. As we put it,
"(23)... gives recipients the right to choose
among a range of qualified providers, without government
interference." Id., at 785 (first emphasis added; citation
omitted). We used the word "right" again in the next sen-
tence to elaborate on that description: "By implication," we
said, the provision "also confers an absolute right to be free
from government interference with the choice to remain in
a home that continues to be qualified." Ibid..5

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 In their certiorari-stage briefs, the parties disputed whether and to

what extent O'Bannon bears on the scope of the free-choice-of-provider
provision. We declined to grant certiorari on that question. MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Although O'Bannon was not a case about enforce-
ability, our description of the free-choice-of-provider provi-
sion confirms that the most natural and obvious way to read
the provision's individual-centric, mandatory language is
as "rights-creating."
III
The majority's effort to resist the natural and obvious
rights-creating reading of the Medicaid Act's free-choice-of-
provider provision is, ultimately, unpersuasive. The Court
holds that the provision does not confer any individual
rights on Medicaid recipients, but reaches that conclusion
by applying a version of the unambiguous-conferral test
that we did not endorse in Talevski or Gonzaga. In doing
so, the Court adopts an approach to that not only un-
dermines the statute's core function but also stretches our
doctrine beyond anything that can be justified as a matter
of text, precedent, or first principles.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
___ (2024) (limiting our grant of certiorari to only the first question pre-
sented in the petition). Undeterred by that choice, the majority proceeds
to address the question we took off the table: It suggests that O'Bannon
is inapposite because our opinion in that case purportedly rejected the
particular right that respondent has asserted here. Ante, at 22,. But
the question of how broadly to construe the rights conferred by the free-
choice-of-provider provision is distinct from the question of whether the
provision creates rights in the first place. And as to that latter ques-
tion -- the sole question presented in this case -- O'Bannon's repeated use
of the word "right" to describe the provision's protections underscores
how the provision's text is naturally read to create rights. What is more,
the majority has quoted the O'Bannon passage completely out of context;
when read in its entirety, the quoted passage has little bearing on this
case. The full sentence states that the free-choice-of-provider provision
"clearly does not confer a right on a recipient to enter an unqualified
home and demand a hearing to certify it, nor does it confer a right on a
recipient to continue to receive benefits for care in a home that has been
decertified." 447 U. S., at 785. This language does not come close to
suggesting that the free-choice-of-provider provision does not confer a
right to choose one's provider (i.e., the right respondent has asserted
here), as the majority suggests.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

A
The approach that the Court follows today differs conspic-
uously from the approach we developed in Gonzaga and re-
affirmed in Talevski. To see how, start by observing that
the majority chooses not to frame its analysis around the
question that guided our thinking in those cases: namely,
whether "the provision in question is ' "phrased in terms of
the persons benefited" ' and contains 'rights-creating,' indi-
vidual-centric language with an ' "unmistakable focus on
the benefited class." ' " Taleveski, 599 U. S., at 183. Instead, the Court builds
its analysis around the simplistic premise that Medicaid's
free-choice-of-provider provision "looks nothing like th[e]
FNHRA provisions" we upheld in Talevski. Ante, at 15 -- 16.
That approach warps our reasoning in Talevski. No-
where in our opinion did we single out FNHRA as the sole
or definitive model for conferring individual rights. To the
contrary, the reason we went out of our way to reaffirm "the
Gonzaga test" was to remove any doubts about "our estab-
lished method for ascertaining unambiguous conferral."
599 U. S., at 183. Talevski was merely an application of
that methodology to the statutory provision at issue in that
case.
Yet, now, the majority disregards the established method
and, in its place, looks to FNHRA itself as "the only reliable
yardstick against which to measure whether spending-
power legislation confers a privately enforceable right."
Ante, at 15. In short, the majority construes our require-
ment that Congress "manifes[t] an 'unambiguous' intent to
confer individual rights," Gonzaga, 536 U. S., at 280, as a
requirement that Congress manifest an unambiguous in-
tent to imitate FNHRA.
The majority's hyperfocus on FNHRA also widens the gap
between our Gonzaga test and the text of itself. As
noted, protects against deprivations of "any rights,
16 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

privileges, or immunities secured by the... laws" of the
United States -- not just the specific rights secured by
FNHRA. (Emphasis added.) It is therefore strange to treat
FNHRA as the "only reliable yardstick," ante, at 15, for as-
sessing whether a statute unambiguously creates enforcea-
ble rights per Gonzaga. Cf. Dennis, 498 U. S., at 445 ("[W]e
have rejected attempts to limit the types of constitutional
rights that are encompassed within the phrase 'rights, priv-
ileges, or immunities' "). Put simply, the fact that FNHRA
happens to be the subject of one of the few cases this Court
has opted to review concerning enforceability does
not lend it talismanic status.
The majority's FNHRA-or-bust approach makes even less
sense when framed against the Court's concerns about en-
suring that States have fair notice of their statutory obliga-
tions. As the majority recognizes, the whole reason we re-
quire clear rights-creating language in spending statutes is
because "[o]nly that kind of 'unmistakable' notice... suf-
fices to alert grantees" that they might be sued under. Ante, at 12. But focusing myopically on a given stat-
ute's resemblance to FNHRA does little to advance the goal
of providing fair notice to federal grantees. That is because,
as we have often recognized, Congress "need not use magic
words in order to speak clearly." Henderson v. Shinseki,
(2011).
Indeed, if actual notice were the touchstone, this would
be an easy case: By the time South Carolina chose to termi-
nate PPSAT as a Medicaid provider in 2018, the State had
ample reason to know that it could be sued under -- 
even beyond the clarity of the free-choice-of-provider provi-
sion's text. By that point, the Federal Government had long
taken the position that the free-choice-of-provider provision
was privately enforceable via.6 Our decision in
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 See Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 4, 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

O'Bannon had also explicitly described the provision as
"giv[ing] recipients the right to choose" their providers
"without government interference." 447 U. S., at 785 (em-
phasis added). And Congress itself had reaffirmed, via the
Suter fix, that the Medicaid Act's "State plan requirements"
could create enforceable rights. -- 2. Our Wilder de-
cision had long since held that a similarly structured provi-
sion of the Medicaid Act -- codified in the same section as
the free-choice-of-provider provision -- was enforceable un-
der. 496 U. S., at 524. With all that information,
South Carolina could not reasonably claim surprise that its
decision to restrict Medicaid recipients' access to particular
healthcare providers might trigger a suit under the
free-choice-of-provider provision.7
In any event, the majority's FNHRA-centric approach to
fair notice fails on its own terms. The free-choice-of-pro-
vider provision mirrors the FNHRA provisions from Talev-
ski in all respects that matter: both employ individual-cen-
tric language that focuses on the relevant beneficiaries and
combine it with mandatory language directed at the rele-
vant grant recipients. The provision also employs rights-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
dating back to 2005).
7 The Court's repudiation of Wilder today does not alter any of those

historical facts. Indeed, prior to this Court's attempt to disavow Wilder
in a footnote in Armstrong v. Exceptional Child Center, Inc., n. (2015), it was widely accepted -- not just by the Government,
but by every Circuit to consider the question -- that the free-choice-of-pro-
vider provision conferred privately enforceable rights. See Planned
Parenthood Ariz. Inc. v. Betlach, 727 F. 3d 960, 963 (CA9 2013); Planned
Parenthood of Ind., Inc. v. Commissioner of Ind. State Dept. of Health,
699 F. 3d 962, 974 (CA7 2012); Harris v. Olszewski, 442 F. 3d 456, 461
(CA6 2006). South Carolina accepted Medicaid funding for years with
knowledge of those facts. Only recently -- in its brief in this case -- has
the Federal Government changed its longstanding position. That the
Court has now succeeded in injecting ambiguity where none previously
existed underscores the extent to which the Court's practical concerns
about fair notice to grantees seem to have been displaced by a general
aversion to recognizing individual rights.
18 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

creating language: As explained above, Congress explicitly
used the words "free choice" in the provision's original head-
ing -- words that plainly reflect rights-creating intent. See
Part II -- C, supra. The fact that the provision does not spe-
cifically use the word "right" is not dispositive. We have
never required Congress to use specific verbiage to estab-
lish individual rights. And forcing Congress to use the spe-
cific word "right" would make little sense in this context an-
yway in light of 's more capacious phrase "rights,
privileges, or immunities." Nor does it matter that FNHRA
contains its own free-choice provision protecting the " 'right
to choose a personal attending physician.' " Ante, at 16
(1)(A)(i)). If anything, that Congress
chose to use "Free choice" in the heading of both provisions
reflects its understanding that the two provisions would
have the same rights-protecting effect.8
Congress ultimately has wide discretion to use whatever
language it wishes to create individual rights. We require
only that it do so unambiguously. As the court below aptly
put it, it is not our role "to limit Congress to a thin thesau-
rus of our own design." 95 F. 4th, at 166.
B
In typical parade-of-horribles-like fashion, the majority
also expresses the concern that, if the Court were to hold
that the free-choice-of-provider provision confers an indi-
vidual right, it would mean that "[m]any other Medicaid
plan requirements would likely do the same." Ante, at 18.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 Compare (1)(A)(i) ("Free choice" (boldface deleted)) with, 81 Stat. 903 ("Free choice by individuals eligible for medical assis-
tance" (some capitalization omitted)). Notably, the same omnibus legis-
lation that included the FNHRA free-choice provision also included an
amendment to the original free-choice-of-provider provision that ap-
peared under the heading "Freedom of choice," further reinforcing the
view that the provision is rights creating., 101 Stat. 1330 -- 152
(some capitalization omitted).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

JACKSON, J., dissenting

But case law from the lower courts demonstrates that this
fear is unfounded. Those courts have recognized only a tiny
handful of the nearly 90 provisions contained in the Medi-
caid Act's list of state-plan requirements as actually confer-
ring individual rights. See Brief for National Health Law
Program et al. as Amici Curiae 18 -- 24 (highlighting the
small number of provisions in that lower courts
have found to confer individual rights and noting the near
unanimity of the Circuits as to each provision's enforceabil-
ity). And the lower courts have consistently refused to rec-
ognize individual rights in the Medicaid Act's various other
state-plan provisions. Ibid.
Meanwhile, the vast majority of the provisions on the
Medicaid Act's list of state-plan requirements have never
generated any litigation whatsoever. There is thus
little reason to think that a decision holding that the free-
choice-of-provider provision confers individual rights would
unleash a sudden torrent of suits under the Act's
other state-plan provisions. Indeed, recent history confirms
as much: Prior to 2017, every Circuit to consider the ques-
tion had held that the free-choice-of-provider provision con-
fers an individual right enforceable under. See,
supra. But those decisions did not spawn a bevy of 
suits seeking to enforce other state-plan provisions.
Nor were the floodgates opened by this Court's decisions
in Wilder, Blessing, or any other cases that predate the re-
strictive test for enforceability that this Court
adopted in Gonzaga. As the majority readily acknowledges,
prior to Gonzaga, the Court "experimented with a different
approach." Ante, at 13. Indeed, in Gonzaga itself, the Court
rationalized its newly restrictive approach to enforce-
ability by indicating that some lower courts had become too
permissive in recognizing enforceable statutory rights. 536
U. S., at 283. Yet, even during the pre-Gonzaga period,
there is no evidence that lower courts treated the Medicaid
Act -- which spans multiple volumes of the U. S. Code -- as a
20 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

wellspring of generally enforceable rights. Rather, the
state of affairs before our tightening of the test reinforces
that the free-choice-of-provider provision is, in fact, the
"atypical" spending statute that creates individual rights,
Talevski, 599 U. S., at 183 -- contrary to the majority's as-
sertions otherwise. Ante, at 18, 21.
C
Finally, JUSTICE THOMAS's concurrence calls for a "fun-
damental reexamination of our jurisprudence" based
on his view that the "history of makes clear that the
statute has exceeded its original limits." Ante, at 1 -- 2, 13.
Because his opinion is not tethered to the specific facts or
arguments presented in this case, an extensive response is
not necessary here. But it is worth pausing briefly to think
about whether the historical account he offers reflects the
level of depth, nuance, or context needed to support the
wholesale reappraisal he is envisioning.
Take his observation that courts decided relatively few
cases under during its first several decades. Ante, at
3. Like other skeptics, JUSTICE THOMAS seems to
view the paucity of early lawsuits as evidence that
the statute was originally understood to do very little. But
other explanations come to mind, too -- such as the fact that
filing civil rights lawsuits during the Jim Crow era could be
quite perilous, especially for the people whom the statute
was originally meant to benefit. Many would-be plaintiffs
had reason to fear that filing a lawsuit would lead to phys-
ical or economic reprisals.9 Add to that the difficulty of find-
ing a lawyer, prevailing before often-hostile juries, and (if
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 See, e.g., M. Klarman, From Jim Crow to Civil Rights: The Supreme

Court and the Struggle for Racial Equality 49 (2004) (Klarman) (explain-
ing that, "[b]y the 1890s, southern black challenges to segregation would
have invited physical retaliation and perhaps even lynching"); Equal
Justice Initiative, Bob Hudson Lynched and Wife Beaten in Weakley
County, Tennessee (last visited June 15, 2025), https://calendar.eji.org/
racial-injustice/oct/9 (recounting the lynching of a Black man whose wife
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

JACKSON, J., dissenting

successful) enforcing a judgment, and it is not hard to im-
agine that the dearth of lawsuits in the wake of Re-
construction might have myriad alternative explanations.10
JUSTICE THOMAS also suggests that the word "rights," as
used in, was originally understood more narrowly
than it is today. Ante, at 8 -- 12. But his support for that
claim is limited to a handful of late-19th-century cases,
mostly about government pensions and employment. If "a
statute's meaning turns on what its words 'conveyed to rea-
sonable people at the time they were written,' " ante, at 6, a
broader -- and more inclusive -- survey of historical sources
would seem to be in order.11
All of which is to say: more caution (and more research)
may be warranted before our longstanding precedents in
this area can be seriously scrutinized or attacked -- espe-
cially in cases where no party has made such a claim or pre-
sented any such argument.
* * *
Congress enacted the Medicaid Act's free-choice-of-pro-
vider provision to ensure that Medicaid recipients have the
right to choose their own doctors. The Court's decision to
foreclose Medicaid recipients from using to enforce
that provision thwarts Congress's will twice over: once, in
dulling the tool Congress created for enforcing all federal
rights, and again in vitiating one of those rights altogether.
The Court's decision today is not the first to so weaken
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
had filed a civil suit against a White man).
10 See Klarman 48 -- 49 (describing the dearth of lawyers willing to liti-

gate civil rights cases, the lack of sympathy among southern juries, and
the unlikelihood that local authorities would be willing to enforce judg-
ments obtained by certain civil rights plaintiffs).
11 E.g., Colored People's Convention of the State of South Carolina

(1865, Charleston, SC), Colored Conventions Project Digital Records
(last visited June 15, 2025), https://omeka.coloredconventions.org/items/
show/570 (" 'Right' is defined to be the just claim, ownership, or lawful
title which a person has to anything").
22 MEDINA v. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SOUTH ATLANTIC

JACKSON, J., dissenting

the landmark civil rights protections that Congress enacted
during the Reconstruction Era. See, e.g., Civil Rights
Cases, (1883); United States v. Cruikshank, (1876); Blyew v. United States, 13 Wall. 581
(1872). That means we do have a sense of what comes next:
as with those past rulings, today's decision is likely to result
in tangible harm to real people. At a minimum, it will de-
prive Medicaid recipients in South Carolina of their only
meaningful way of enforcing a right that Congress has ex-
pressly granted to them. And, more concretely, it will strip
those South Carolinians -- and countless other Medicaid re-
cipients around the country -- of a deeply personal freedom:
the "ability to decide who treats us at our most vulnerable."
Kerr, 95 F. 4th, at 169. The Court today disregards Con-
gress's express desire to prevent that very outcome.

============================================================

JUSTICE GORSUCH delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
Parts I and II, concluding that, to prevail under, a plaintiff
must plead and prove that she held or desired a job, and could perform
its essential functions with or without reasonable accommodation, at
the time of an employer's alleged act of disability-based discrimination.
Pp. 4 -- 11.
2 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Syllabus

(a) Section 12112(a) makes it unlawful for a covered employer to dis-
criminate against a qualified individual on the basis of disability in
regard to compensation. The parties agree that retirement benefits
qualify as "compensation" and assume the City's policy revision consti-
tuted disability-based discrimination. The disagreement centers on
whether addresses discrimination against retirees.
A "qualified individual" is someone "who, with or without reasonable
accommodation, can perform the essential functions of the employ-
ment position that [she] holds or desires.". Congress's use
of present-tense verbs ("holds," "desires," "can perform") signals that
protects individuals able to do the job they hold or seek at
the time they suffer discrimination, not retirees who neither hold nor
desire a job.
The statute's definition of "reasonable accommodation" -- "job re-
structuring," modifying "existing facilities used by employees," and al-
tering "training materials or policies," -- makes sense for cur-
rent employees or applicants but not for retirees. Section 12112(b)'s
examples of discrimination, such as "qualification standards" and "em-
ployment tests," similarly aim to protect job holders and seekers, not
retirees.
Comparing Title I of the ADA and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964 reinforces this reading. Title VII protects "employee[s],", without temporal qualification, sometimes covering former
employees. But where Title VII links "employee" to present-tense
verbs, it refers to current employees. Robinson v. Shell Oil Co.,, 343. Similarly the ADA's "qualified individual"
yoked to present-tense verbs suggests current job holders or seekers.
Court precedent supports this interpretation. In Cleveland v. Policy
Management Systems Corporation, the Court noted that a plaintiff's
assertion she is " 'unable to work' will appear to negate an essential
element of her ADA case," anticipating that someone may fall outside
's protections if she can "no longer do the job.", 806. Pp. 4 -- 7.
(b) Ms. Stanley argues that 's "qualified individual" re-
quirement is a conditional mandate -- applicable only if a plaintiff
holds or seeks a job. If neither, she contends, there are no "essential
functions" to perform, making every retiree automatically "qualified."
The Court rejects this conceivable-but-convoluted interpretation in fa-
vor of the ordinary one.
Ms. Stanley's surplusage argument -- that the Court's reading ren-
ders (5)(A)'s reference to "applicant or employee" meaning-
less -- also fails. That phrase may still serve a narrowing function, and
"[t]he canon against surplusage is not an absolute rule." Marx v. Gen-
eral Revenue Corp.,.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Syllabus

Ms. Stanley argues that Title I's broad language allowing "any per-
son alleging discrimination" to sue makes the "qualified individual"
language irrelevant. But the statute protects people, not benefits, from
discrimination -- specifically, qualified individuals.
Finally, Ms. Stanley invokes the ADA's purpose of eradicating disa-
bility-based discrimination. She argues this goal would be best served
by a judicial decision extending Title I's protections to retirees. But
"legislation [does not] pursu[e] its purposes at all costs," Rodriguez v.
United States, -- 526, and other laws may protect re-
tirees from discrimination. If Congress wishes to extend Title I to re-
tirees, it can do so. Pp. 7 -- 11.

GORSUCH, J., delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to Parts I
and II, in which ROBERTS, C. J., and THOMAS, ALITO, KAGAN, KAVANAUGH,
and BARRETT, JJ., joined, and an opinion with respect to Part III, in
which ALITO, SOTOMAYOR, and KAGAN, JJ., joined. THOMAS, J., filed an
opinion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment, in which BAR-
RETT, J., joined. SOTOMAYOR, J., filed an opinion concurring in part and
dissenting in part. JACKSON, J., filed a dissenting opinion, in which SO-
TOMAYOR, J., joined as to Parts III and IV, except for.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
United States Reports. Readers are requested to notify the Reporter of
Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 997
_________________

KARYN D. STANLEY, PETITIONER v. CITY OF
SANFORD, FLORIDA
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE GORSUCH announced the judgment of the Court
and delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to Parts
I and II, and an opinion with respect to Part III, in which
JUSTICE ALITO, JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, and JUSTICE KAGAN
join.
Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act bars em-
ployers from "discriminat[ing] against a qualified individ-
ual on the basis of disability in regard to... compensation"
and other matters. 42 U. S. C.. The statute de-
fines a "qualified individual" as "an individual who, with or
without reasonable accommodation, can perform the essen-
tial functions of the employment position that such individ-
ual holds or desires.". The question before us
concerns whether a retired employee who does not hold or
seek a job is a "qualified individual."
I
Because this case comes to us on a motion to dismiss, we
take as true the well-pleaded facts in the plaintiff 's com-
plaint, National Rifle Association of America v. Vullo, (2024), and do not consider evidence beyond
that pleading, Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 12(d); Carter v. Stanton,
2 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

(1972) (per curiam). With those con-
straints in mind, we begin by setting out the facts as the
plaintiff, Karyn Stanley, has alleged them.
Ms. Stanley started working as a firefighter for the city
of Sanford, Florida (City), in 1999. At first, she planned to
serve for 25 years. Complaint in No. 6:20 -- cv -- 00629 (MD
Fla.), ECF Doc. 1, ¶¶ 13, 16 (Complaint). Part of the reason
for that had to do with health insurance. At the time the
City hired her, it offered health insurance until age 65 for
two categories of retirees: those who retired with 25 years
of service, and those who retired earlier because of a disa-
bility. Id., ¶19. In 2003, though, the City changed its pol-
icy. Going forward, it said, it would continue to pay for
health insurance up to age 65 for retirees with 25 years of
service. Id., ¶¶20 -- 21. But for those who retired earlier due
to disability, the City announced, it would now provide
health insurance for just 24 months, unless the retiree
started receiving Medicare benefits sooner. Id., ¶20. At
some point after the City revised its policy, Ms. Stanley's
complaint does not say when, she began to suffer from an
unspecified disability. Id., ¶16. And, in 2018, that "disabil-
ity forced her to retire" earlier than she had planned. Ibid.
Under the City's revised policy, that meant she was entitled
to at most 24 months of health insurance.
Based on these facts, Ms. Stanley brought suit claiming
that the City had violated the ADA and a number of other
state and federal laws. Providing different health-insur-
ance benefits to those who retire with 25 years of service
and those who retire earlier due to disability, she con-
tended, amounted to impermissible discrimination based
on disability. The City responded by filing a motion to dis-
miss Ms. Stanley's complaint for failure to state a claim.
The district court denied that motion in part, allowing
some of Ms. Stanley's claims to proceed. But with respect
to her ADA claim, the district court saw things differently.
Ms. Stanley's complaint, the court observed, alleged that
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

the City had treated her worse than other similarly situ-
ated individuals because of her disability, App. to Pet. for
Cert. 21a -- 22a, what is known as a disparate-treatment
claim, see Raytheon Co. v. Hernandez, 
(2003). To state such a claim under the ADA, the court con-
tinued, required her to allege, among other
things, facts sufficient to show that she was a "qualified in-
dividual" at the time of the City's alleged discrimination.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 24a. But in this case, the court rea-
soned, the discrimination Ms. Stanley alleged -- reduced
healthcare benefits -- did not take place until after she re-
tired. And by that point, she was not a "qualified individ-
ual" under the ADA because she was not someone "who,
with or without reasonable accommodation, can perform
the essential functions of the employment position that
such individual holds or desires." ; see App. to
Pet. for Cert. 26a. As a result, the court held, it had no
choice but to grant the City's motion to dismiss her ADA
claim. Id., at 26a.
The Eleventh Circuit affirmed. It, too, concluded that
does not reach allegations of discrimination
against a retiree "who does not hold or desire to hold an
employment position" that she is capable of performing
with reasonable accommodation. 83 F. 4th 1333, 1337
(2023). But, the court acknowledged, not every court of ap-
peals would agree. Like the Eleventh Circuit, the Sixth,
Seventh, and Ninth Circuits have said that Title I's antidis-
crimination provision "does not protect people who neither
held nor desired a job with the defendant at the time of dis-
crimination." Id., at 1341. But the Second and Third Cir-
cuits take a different view. As those courts see it, the ADA's
definition of "qualified individual" is "ambiguous," and they
have resolved that ambiguity "in favor of " extending the
statute to reach retirees like Ms. Stanley. Ibid.
We granted certiorari to resolve the circuits' disagree-
ment over whether reaches discrimination
4 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

against retirees who neither hold nor desire a job whose es-
sential tasks they can perform with reasonable accommo-
dation. 602 U. S. ___ (2024).
II
A
The ADA contains five titles separately addressing em-
ployment, public entities, public accommodations, telecom-
munications, and miscellaneous matters. 104 Stat. 327 -- 
328. Ms. Stanley brought her suit under Title I, which
speaks to employment. Section 12112(a) provides Title I's
general liability rule for disability discrimination. It makes
it unlawful for a covered employer to "discriminate against
a qualified individual on the basis of disability in regard to... compensation," among other things.
The parties disagree about the meaning of this language,
but their dispute is a narrow one. They take as given that
retirement benefits, like those at issue here, qualify as
"compensation." See Hishon v. King & Spalding, (1984); Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Co.
v. EEOC, (1983). For purposes of our
review, we may also assume that the City's revision to its
retirement-benefits plan constituted "discrimina[tion]...
on the basis of disability." The only question that separates
the parties is whether addresses discrimination
against retirees like Ms. Stanley. She (and two circuits)
think the answer is yes; the City (and several other circuits)
believe otherwise.
To resolve that disagreement, we turn, as we must, to the
statutory terms Congress has given us. Section 12112(a)
tells us that Title I prohibits discrimination against "quali-
fied individual[s]." And a qualified individual, Title I con-
tinues, is someone "who, with or without reasonable accom-
modation, can perform the essential functions of the
employment position that [she] holds or desires.".
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

From these directions, one clue emerges immediately.
"[T]o ascertain a statute's temporal reach," this Court has
"frequently looked to Congress' choice of verb tense." Carr
v. United States, (2010). And here, Con-
gress has made it unlawful to "discriminate against" some-
one who "can perform the essential functions of " the job she
"holds or desires." Those present-tense verbs signal that
protects individuals who, with or without reason-
able accommodation, are able to do the job they hold or seek
at the time they suffer discrimination. Conversely, those
verbs tend to suggest that the statute does not reach retir-
ees who neither hold nor desire a job at the time of an al-
leged act of discrimination.
Reinforcing this assessment is the statute's definition of
"reasonable accommodation." Title I, recall, prohibits dis-
crimination against an individual who can perform essen-
tial job functions "with or without reasonable accommoda-
tion." ; see. And a "reasonable
accommodation," the ADA provides, refers to things like
"job restructuring," modifying "existing facilities used by
employees," and altering "training materials or policies.". Those kinds of accommodations make perfect
sense when it comes to current employees or applicants.
But it is hard to see how they might apply to retirees who
do not hold or seek a job.
Section 12112(b) conveys a similar message. That provi-
sion offers examples of what constitutes " 'discriminat[ion]
against a qualified individual on the basis of disability.' "
So, for instance, subsection (b)(6) defines discrimination to
include using certain "qualification standards, employment
tests or other selection criteria" unless they are "job-related
for the position in question." Plainly, that mandate aims to
protect jobseekers. But it makes no sense in the context of
retirees who do not seek employment. The same goes for
subsection (b)(7), which requires that "tests concerning em-
ployment... accurately reflect the skills" and "aptitude" of
6 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

an "employee or applicant." It would be strange for employ-
ers to test the job skills of former employees who do not plan
to return to work. This pattern repeats itself throughout, underscoring 's focus on current and
prospective employees -- not retirees.
Instructive, too, is the fact that another part of the stat-
ute speaks differently. Where prohibits certain
acts of employment discrimination against "a qualified in-
dividual," prohibits retaliation against "any indi-
vidual" who opposes a discriminatory act. That Congress
used different language in these two provisions strongly
suggests that it meant for them to work differently. After
all, when a document uses a term in one place and a mate-
rially different term in another, " 'the presumption is that
the different term denotes a different idea.' " Southwest Air-
lines Co. v. Saxon, (2022) ).
Further evidence still comes from examining Title I of the
ADA in light of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 78
Stat. 253, as amended, 42 U. S. C. et seq. The two
statutes share much in common, not least the fact that they
both address employment discrimination. See Mount Lem-
mon Fire Dist. v. Guido, (2018). But the
statutes also bear differences we have found illuminating
in the past. See, e.g., EEOC v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores,
Inc., (2015). And one difference concerns
the class of people the statutes protect. Title VII protects
"employees," -- 3(a), a term that law defines without
"any temporal qualifier," Robinson v. Shell Oil Co., (1997). In keeping with that unqualified
term, Title VII sometimes bars discrimination against for-
mer employees as well as current ones. Id., at 341. But
elsewhere in Title VII, context clarifies that "the term 'em-
ployee' refers unambiguously to a current employee." Id.,
at 343. That is true, for instance, where the statute links
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

the term "employee" to present-tense verbs like work and
has. Id., at 341, 343. The upshot? Even if the ADA's
reference to a "qualified individual," like Title VII's refer-
ence to an "employee," might be read in isolation to encom-
pass retirees, once Congress yokes those kinds of terms to
present-tense verbs -- such "holds," "desires," and "can per-
form" -- that assumption becomes considerably less plausi-
ble.
Beyond all this textual evidence lies our precedent. Con-
struing an earlier version of Title I in Cleveland v. Policy
Management Systems Corp., this Court explained that "[a]n
ADA plaintiff bears the burden of proving that she is a
'qualified individual with a disability' -- that is, a person
'who, with or without reasonable accommodation, can per-
form the essential functions' of her job." 
(1999) ). Accordingly, the
Court concluded, "a plaintiff 's sworn assertion" that she is
" 'unable to work' will appear to negate an essential element
of her ADA case." 526 U. S., at 806. In saying as much, the
Court anticipated the possibility that someone may fall out-
side the protections of if she can " 'no longer do
the job.' " Id., at 799; accord, Albertson's, Inc. v. Kirking-
burg, (1999).1
B
Against this evidence of statutory meaning, Ms. Stanley
and the dissent offer several replies. They begin by sug-
gesting that we should interpret 's "qualified in-
dividual" requirement as imposing only a "conditional man-
date." Brief for Petitioner 28; post, at 13 -- 14 (opinion of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 After Cleveland, Congress amended the ADA so that it no longer re-

quires a plaintiff to show that she was a qualified individual " 'with a
disability' " at the time of the defendant's discrimination. ADA Amend-
ments Act of 2008, 122 Stat. 3557. But this change in
statutory directions does nothing to call into question Cleveland's insight
that a plaintiff must plead and prove that she was a "qualified individ-
ual" when the defendant's discrimination took place.
8 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

JACKSON, J.). As Ms. Stanley and the dissent see it, if a
plaintiff claims discrimination with respect to a job she
seeks or holds, then she must show that she is able to per-
form that job's essential functions. Brief for Petitioner 28.
But if the plaintiff neither holds nor desires a job, the argu-
ment goes, then she must make no such showing. In that
case, the plaintiff is necessarily a "qualified individual," be-
cause it is impossible for someone to be unqualified for a
nonexistent position. Id., at 40. Through this series of
steps, we are asked to conclude, every retiree is a "qualified
individual."
As easy as it may be to imagine a statute like the one Ms.
Stanley and the dissent outline, it bears scant resemblance
to the one Congress enacted. Title I might have said, for
example, that a qualified individual is one who "can per-
form the essential functions of the employment position, if
any, that such individual holds or desires." See Brief for
Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America as
Amicus Curiae 9. But nothing like that italicized language
appears in. And even supposing Ms. Stanley's
conditional-mandate theory were a textually permissible
way to understand the statute, we do not usually pick a con-
ceivable-but-convoluted interpretation over the ordinary
one. Wisconsin Central Ltd. v. United States, (2018); cf. Tr. of Oral Arg. 15 (Ms. Stanley acknowledg-
ing that her reading may "not [be] the most intuitive" one).
Separately, Ms. Stanley attempts a surplusage argu-
ment. Brief for Petitioner 32 -- 33, 46. She contends that our
interpretation of "qualified individual" would render mean-
ingless part of (5)(A), which defines discrimina-
tion to include the failure to reasonably accommodate "an
otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an
applicant or employee." (Emphasis added.) After all, Ms.
Stanley suggests, if every "qualified individual" holds or de-
sires a job, then (5)(A)'s reference to "applicant or
employee" performs no real work. To avoid that outcome,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

she submits, the class of qualified individuals must include
retirees.
Difficulties attend this argument as well. To start, our
reading of "qualified individual" may still leave work for
"applicant or employee" to perform in (5)(A). It
might be, for example, that the phrase "applicant or em-
ployee" narrows the provision, so that it does not refer to a
"nonapplicant" who desires but does not apply for a job. Cf.
Davoll v. Webb, 194 F. 3d 1116, 1132 (CA10 1999); Daugh-
erty v. El Paso, 56 F. 3d 695, 699 (CA5 1995). But even if
the phrase "applicant or employee" is redundant, serving
only to underscore that (5)(A) extends beyond ex-
isting employees to those seeking work, "[t]he canon
against surplusage is not an absolute rule." Marx v. Gen-
eral Revenue Corp., (2013). And it cer-
tainly does not require us to favor "an unusual meaning
that will avoid surplusage" over a more natural one. Scalia
& Garner, Reading Law, at 176.
Perhaps sensing that Title I's definition of "qualified in-
dividual" goes against them, Ms. Stanley and the dissent
next effectively ask us to strike it from the statute. As they
point out, Title I allows "any person alleging discrimination
on the basis of disability" to sue.. And a plaintiff
may file that suit whenever she "is affected by" discrimina-
tion. -- 5(e)(3)(A). Finally, such suits can challenge
discriminatory "compensation." ; see Brief for Pe-
titioner 21. Putting this all together, Ms. Stanley and the
dissent reason, this case checks all the boxes: Ms. Stanley
is a "person" suing about discriminatory "compensation"
that "affected" her during retirement. And that is all Title
I requires -- making "the 'qualified individual' language...
largely beside the point." Id., at 21; see post, at 21 -- 22 (opin-
ion of JACKSON, J.).
This argument misapprehends the nature of Title I's pro-
tections. It may be that "retirement benefits are 'compen-
sation' protected by the Act." Brief for Petitioner 21. No
10 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

one before us disputes that point. But does not
protect "compensation" as such. Instead, it bars employers
from "discriminat[ing] against a qualified individual on the
basis of disability in regard to... compensation." (Empha-
sis added.) In other words, the statute protects people, not
benefits, from discrimination. And the statute also tells us
who those people are: qualified individuals, those who hold
or seek a job at the time of the defendant's alleged discrim-
ination.. So rather than resolve anything, this
argument takes us right back to where we started.2
Failing all else, Ms. Stanley and the dissent ask us to look
beyond text and precedent. Brief for Petitioner 29, 47; post,
at 18 (opinion of JACKSON, J.). Finding "pure textualism"
insufficiently pliable to secure the result they seek, they in-
voke the statute's "primary purpose" and "legislative his-
tory." Post, at 1, 15, 22. As they see it, the ADA's goal of
eradicating disability-based discrimination would be best
served by a decision extending Title I's protections beyond
those who hold or seek a job to retirees.
But this submission falters, too. For one thing, and as
this Court has "emphasized many times," what Congress
(possibly) expected matters much less than what it (cer-
tainly) enacted. Patel v. Garland, (2022).
Nobody disputes the ADA's stated ambition to root out "dis-
crimination against individuals with disabilities."
(1). But it is "quite mistaken to assume... that
any interpretation of a law that does more to advance a
statute's putative goal must be the law." Luna Perez v.
Sturgis Public Schools, (2023) (internal
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Seeking to downplay 's definition of "qualified individual"

in yet another way, the dissent suggests it does not "make any sense" to
think Congress used that "provision to moonlight as... a temporal re-
striction" on antidiscrimination protections. Post, at 16 (opinion of
JACKSON, J.). But 's express terms can hardly be so casually
dismissed. Their day job is to work together with to define the
reach of Title I's protections.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

quotation marks omitted). "Legislation is, after all, the art
of compromise, the limitations expressed in statutory terms
often the price of passage, and no statute yet known pur-
sues its stated purpose at all costs." Henson v. Santander
Consumer USA Inc., (2017) (internal quo-
tation marks and brackets omitted). Accordingly, this
Court has long recognized that the "textual limitations
upon a law's scope" must be understood as "no less a part of
its purpose than its substantive authorizations." Kucana v.
Holder, (2010).
For another, we cannot say Title I's textual limitations
necessarily clash with the ADA's broader purposes. One
court of appeals, for example, has predicted that judicial in-
novations extending 's protections to retirees
might "create perverse incentives" by encouraging employ-
ers to reduce retirement healthcare benefits for people with
disabilities. Morgan v. Joint Admin. Bd., Retirement Plan
of Pillsbury Co. and AFL-CIO-CLC, 268 F. 3d 456, 458 (CA7
2001). See how that dynamic might play out in this case.
The 24-month health-insurance benefit at issue here
bridges the typical gap between disability retirement and
the start of Medicare eligibility. Brief for Respondent 7 (cit-
ing 42 U. S. C. (2)(A)); see Becerra v. Empire Health
Foundation, for Valley Hospital Medical Center, (2022). Responding to a decision holding that
addresses discrimination against retirees, the
City might simply delete any reference to disability from its
retirement policy to ensure that it contains no "disability-
based distinction." Complaint ¶30. The result? Anyone
who served 25 years would get subsidized health insurance.
Everyone else, regardless of disability, would get nothing.
Cf. App. 42 -- 44.
Whether adopting Ms. Stanley's and the dissent's view of
the statute would encourage outcomes like that is anyone's
12 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of the Court

guess. But the possibility underscores why Congress's de-
cision to limit the scope of Title I's antidiscrimination pro-
vision is not necessarily at war with the ADA's broader
aims. Nor, of course, do the law's present limitations pre-
clude future legislation from going further. If Congress
wishes to extend Title I to reach retirees like Ms. Stanley,
it can. But the decision whether to do so lies with that body,
not this one. See, e.g., National Pork Producers Council v.
Ross, (2023) (opinion of GORSUCH, J.).
For another thing yet, other avenues may exist for retir-
ees like Ms. Stanley to seek relief. As her own complaint
suggests (but the dissent neglects), a variety of other laws
besides Title I of the ADA may protect retirees from dis-
crimination with respect to postemployment benefits. Com-
plaint ¶1 (alleging claims under state law and the Rehabil-
itation Act, and an equal protection claim under Rev. Stat., 42 U. S. C. ); see also Brief for Local Govern-
ment Legal Center et al. as Amici Curiae 13 -- 14 (discussing
state-law remedies); Weyer v. Twentieth Century Fox Film
Corp., 198 F. 3d 1104, 1112 (CA9 2000) (discussing other
potential remedies). As we discuss below, too, even Title I,
with its "qualified individual" limitation, may reach many
claims involving discrimination with respect to retirement
benefits.3
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 In a final line of attack, the dissent criticizes us for "reach[ing] out"

to decide whether the ADA addresses discrimination against retirees
who neither hold nor desire a job. Post, at 24 (opinion of JACKSON, J.).
But here is the truth of it. Ms. Stanley petitioned this Court for certio-
rari, asking us to resolve a "long-running" circuit split concerning
whether an individual who "no longer holds or seeks to hold" a job may
sue under the Title I "for discrimination that harms her post-employ-
ment." Pet. for Cert. 15. After we granted her petition, Ms. Stanley re-
newed her argument that she had suffered actionable postemployment
discrimination. Brief for Petitioner 24, 47. The City disagreed. Brief for
Respondent 27 -- 36. There is nothing remarkable about this Court resolv-
ing that dispute and the question presented. To be sure, after we granted
review, Ms. Stanley's merits briefs sought to inject an additional issue
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

III
We took this case to resolve a circuit split over whether a
retired employee who does not hold or seek a job is a "qual-
ified individual" under Title I. In her merits briefing, Ms.
Stanley invites us to address not just that question but an-
other one, too. Even if protects only those who
hold or seek a job when a challenged act of discrimination
occurs, she says, we should decide whether her complaint
satisfies that standard. The government, as amicus, joins
in this request. See Brief for United States as Amicus Cu-
riae 26 -- 28. Ordinarily, of course, this Court rejects at-
tempts to inject "an entirely new question at the merits
stage." Post, at 6 (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and con-
curring in judgment). But we find it profitable to make an
exception in this case, for while taking up Ms. Stanley's ad-
ditional question reveals some problems with her pleading,
it also highlights how Title I might provide relief for retir-
ees like her.
In addressing this additional question, we take as given
the Court's holding above that a plaintiff pursuing a claim
under must plead and prove that she held or
sought a job when the defendant discriminated against her
on the basis of disability. We take as given, too, that un-
lawful discrimination can take place at any one of three
points in time: When a defendant "adopt[s]" a "discrimina-
tory... practice," when an individual "is affected by appli-
cation of a discriminatory... practice," or when she "be-
comes subject to" such a practice. -- 5(e)(3)(A). With
all that in mind, we turn to consider whether Ms. Stanley's
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
into the case, now arguing that she also suffered discrimination "while
she was still employed." Post, at 1 (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and
concurring in judgment). But to suggest that the case before us does not
involve a postemployment discrimination, and that the Court "reaches
out" to issue an " 'advisory opinio[n]' " on the subject, ignores both why
we took this case and the arguments of the parties before us. Post, at 1 -- 
2, 10, 24 (opinion of JACKSON, J.).
14 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

pleading states a claim.
Start with the first option. Unlawful discrimination oc-
curs "when a discriminatory compensation decision or other
practice is adopted." -- 5(e)(3)(A). Here, Ms. Stanley
alleges that happened in 2003, when the City revised its
health-insurance policy for employees who retire because of
disability. Complaint ¶¶20 -- 21. At that point, her allega-
tions show, she was a "qualified individual," working as a
firefighter and able to perform the job's essential functions.
See id., ¶¶13 -- 15.
The trouble for Ms. Stanley is that does not
prohibit disability-based discrimination in the abstract. In-
stead, it bars an employer from "discriminat[ing] against a
qualified individual on the basis of disability." (Emphasis
added.) " 'Discriminate against' means treat worse," Mul-
drow v. St. Louis, (2024), and "refers to
distinctions or differences in treatment that injure pro-
tected individuals," Burlington N. & S. F. R. Co. v. White,
(2006). And Ms. Stanley's complaint pro-
vides no basis for inferring that the City's policy injured her
in 2003. To the contrary, her complaint suggests that, when
the City first issued its policy, she was not disabled and still
expected to complete 25 years of service. See Complaint
¶15; see also Brief for Appellant in No. 22 -- 10002 (CA11),
p. 22, (Ms. Stanley representing that she was "unaf-
fected by" the City's actions as of 2003). So the first option
is off the table for Ms. Stanley. Even so, it may be available
to others who happen to be retired at the time they sue, if
they can plead and prove they were both disabled and "qual-
ified" when their employer adopted a discriminatory retire-
ment-benefits policy.4

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 To be clear, not every Title I plaintiff must plead and prove she had

a disability when she suffered discrimination. As we have seen,
in its present form prohibits discrimination "against a quali-
fied individual on the basis of disability." (Emphasis added.) That pro-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

Turn next to the second option. Unlawful discrimination
also occurs "when an individual is affected by application of
a discriminatory compensation decision or other practice."
-- 5(e)(3)(A). Ms. Stanley alleges that happened to
her in 2020, when her subsidized health insurance ran out.
Complaint ¶26; see also Brief for Petitioner 24 (Ms. Stanley
was " 'affected by application of ' the policy" in "2020 when... she was denied the health care subsidy"); 83 F. 4th, at
1343. By then, however, she had been retired for two years,
could not satisfy the "requirements of " her job, and was not
seeking employment. Complaint ¶16. So this option, too,
cannot help Ms. Stanley. But, once more, it might help oth-
ers who can show that they were affected by a policy change
while they were "qualified individuals," even if they happen
to be retired by the time they bring suit.
Now turn to the third option. Unlawful discrimination
takes place when "an individual becomes subject to a dis-
criminatory compensation decision or other practice."
-- 5(e)(3)(A). This option might be especially promis-
ing for plaintiffs in Ms. Stanley's shoes. But, for reasons
that take a little unpacking, it cannot form a basis for re-
versing the Eleventh Circuit's judgment in this particular
case.
Recall that Ms. Stanley's complaint does not allege what
her disability is or when it emerged. As it happens, those
facts came out later, after the district court dismissed her
ADA claim, and after the parties proceeded to discovery and

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
vision does not require a qualified individual to be disabled. So, for in-
stance, Title I defines discrimination "on the basis of disability" to in-
clude associational discrimination -- that is, discriminating against a
qualified individual "because of the known disability of an individual
with whom the qualified individual is known to have a relationship or
association." (4). In such cases, it does not matter whether the
qualified individual also happened to have a disability. The difficulty for
Ms. Stanley, however, is that her complaint does not allege anything
along those lines either.
16 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

summary judgment on the remaining counts of her com-
plaint. From this later-developed record, it appears that
Ms. Stanley was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in
2016. 83 F. 4th, at 1336.
The government argues that these later-developed facts
are sufficient to state a claim. After all, during the 2-year
period between her diagnosis in 2016 and her retirement in
2018, Ms. Stanley was both "an individual with a disability"
and a "qualified individual" who "could still perform the es-
sential functions of her job." Brief for United States as Ami-
cus Curiae 26 -- 27. During that critical window, too, the gov-
ernment submits, Ms. Stanley was "subject to" an "allegedly
discriminatory benefits policy" that reduced her future re-
tirement compensation. Id., at 26; see also Brief for Peti-
tioner 25 -- 26; post, at 5 -- 6 (JACKSON, J., dissenting).
As promising as that theory may be, however, a number
of case-specific problems prevent it from helping Ms. Stan-
ley here. For starters, because this dispute comes to us on
a motion to dismiss, we cannot look beyond the pleadings.
See Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 12(d). And her complaint says
nothing about the timing or nature of her diagnosis, nor
does it allege that she worked for any period of time with a
disability. To be sure, a court might, with a little more,
draw a "plausible inference" that Ms. Stanley suffered dis-
crimination between 2016 and 2018. See Ashcroft v. Iqbal,
(2009). So, for instance, if she had al-
leged that she developed Parkinson's disease before 2018,
or that she worked for any period with some disability, then
her case could likely proceed. But the complaint before us
does not contain any of those facts.
Even assuming we could overcome that problem, we
would only face another. The Eleventh Circuit held that
Ms. Stanley had affirmatively disavowed the government's
theory. For support, the court pointed to Ms. Stanley's rep-
resentation in her brief below that she did "not claim she
was impacted by the discriminatory" City policy "during her
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

employment." Brief for Appellant in No. 22 -- 10002, at 22.
To be sure, at oral argument Ms. Stanley told the court of
appeals otherwise. Recording of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 10002
(CA11, Aug. 24, 2023), at 2:45 -- 2:58. And she attempted to
adopt an amicus brief the government submitted to the
Eleventh Circuit, advancing a theory much like the one it
presses here. See Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae
in No. 22 -- 10002 (CA11), pp. 11 -- 12. But applying its own
rules of argument preservation, the Eleventh Circuit de-
clined to pass on the government's theory because Ms. Stan-
ley had not presented it to the district court and had "spe-
cifically disclaimed" it in her "own brief " on appeal. 83
F. 4th, at 1344.5
Complicating matters further yet, Ms. Stanley has not ex-
pressly asked us to address the Eleventh Circuit's preser-
vation rules. Nor has she asked us to reconsider our own
general practice of allowing the courts of appeals to deter-
mine for themselves what arguments they deem properly
before them. See, e.g., Exxon Shipping Co. v. Baker, (2008); Singleton v. Wulff, 
(1976); cf. Retirement Plans Comm. of IBM v. Jander, -- 53 (2020) (KAGAN, J., concurring) ("[T]he Court
of Appeals may of course determine that under its usual
rules of waiver or forfeiture, it will not consider those argu-
ments"). So even if Ms. Stanley's complaint contained suf-
ficient facts to sustain the theory the government now ad-
vances, and even if she had preserved that theory below, we
would still face serious obstacles to reaching it.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 While Ms. Stanley disclaimed being "impacted" by the City's policy

during her employment, JUSTICE JACKSON believes that Ms. Stanley
somehow still preserved the government's theory that she was "subject
to" discrimination before she retired. Post, at 6. The Eleventh Circuit,
however, did not see it that way. Nor does the dissent explain how, con-
sistent with Article III, an individual can challenge a policy that she is
"subject to" but that does not injure (or "impact") her. See Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae 25, (acknowledging the injury re-
quirement).
18 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

In saying as much, we stress that nothing we say today
prevents future plaintiffs -- or perhaps even Ms. Stanley
herself in a future proceeding -- from pursuing a theory
along the lines the government proposes. It is simply that
the theory cannot help Ms. Stanley in the present posture
of this case.6
*
To sum up, we hold that, to prevail under, a
plaintiff must plead and prove that she held or desired a
job, and could perform its essential functions with or with-
out reasonable accommodation, at the time of an employer's
alleged act of disability-based discrimination. A variety of
suits involving retirement benefits might well proceed un-
der that rule. But, given how this particular case comes to
us, we cannot say that the court of appeals erred in uphold-
ing the dismissal of Ms. Stanley's complaint. The judgment
of the Eleventh Circuit is affirmed.

It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 One Member of the Court suggests that the government's theory can

save Ms. Stanley's complaint because it "supplie[s] the answer" to this
case. Post, at 5 (JACKSON, J., dissenting). But to proceed as JUSTICE
JACKSON suggests, we would have to abandon our precedents generally
entrusting questions of issue and argument preservation to the courts of
appeals. We would have to overrule the Eleventh Circuit's waiver ruling
without an express invitation to do so. See post, at 2 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
concurring in part and dissenting in part). And we would have to fault
the Eleventh Circuit for failing to consider facts outside the pleading be-
fore it. All to address a question that no court passed on below and that
we did not take this case to resolve. The dissent may be willing to blow
past all those complications to reach its chosen destination. But we do
not see how we might. Indeed, we have already gone out of our way -- 
too far, some of our colleagues would say, see post, at 6 -- 9 (opinion of
THOMAS, J.) -- to address Ms. Stanley's late-raised argument in order to
help future plaintiffs understand how they might avoid her missteps.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 997
_________________

KARYN D. STANLEY, PETITIONER v. CITY OF
SANFORD, FLORIDA
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE BARRETT joins,
concurring in part and concurring in the judgment.
I join Parts I and II of the Court's opinion. I write sepa-
rately to express my concern with the increasingly common
practice of litigants urging this Court to grant certiorari to
resolve one question, and then, after we do so, pivoting to
an entirely different question. This case exemplifies the
problem. We granted review to resolve a Circuit split re-
garding whether the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
permits suits by former employees who are no longer able
to perform the essential functions of their jobs at the time
of the alleged discrimination. For the first time at the mer-
its stage, petitioner Karyn Stanley urged us to decide a dif-
ferent question: whether Stanley could sue based on dis-
crimination that occurred while she was still employed and
able to work. But, that theory of liability was not passed
upon below because the Eleventh Circuit determined that
Stanley had disavowed it, and Stanley did not seek review
of the Eleventh Circuit's issue-preservation ruling. We or-
dinarily respect a lower court's application of its own
preservation rules. I therefore would not opine on the ad-
ditional question that Stanley raised for the first time in
earnest at the merits stage.
2 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

I
The ADA prohibits employers from discriminating
"against a qualified individual on the basis of disability in
regard to [the] terms, conditions, and privileges of employ-
ment." 42 U. S. C.. The statute defines a " 'qual-
ified individual' " as someone who, "with or without reason-
able accommodation, can perform the essential functions of
the employment position that such individual holds or de-
sires.".
Stanley began working as a firefighter for the city of San-
ford, Florida (City), in 1999. In 2016, Stanley was diag-
nosed with Parkinson's disease. And, in 2018, after 19
years of service, that "disability forced her to retire" early.
Complaint in No. 6:20 -- cv -- 00629 (MD Fla.), ECF Doc. 1,
p. 3, ¶16. When she retired, Stanley expected to continue
receiving the City's health insurance subsidy until she
turned 65. At the time of her hiring, the City's policy had
been to pay a subsidy until age 65 to employees who retired
after 25 years of service, as well as to employees who retired
early because of disability. But, unbeknownst to Stanley,
the City had changed its policy in 2003. Starting in 2003,
the City paid the full subsidy for retirees with 25 years of
service, but for those who retired earlier due to disability, it
provided the subsidy for a maximum of 24 months.
Stanley sued the City, alleging discrimination under the
ADA. The District Court understood Stanley to have al-
leged harm caused by discrimination that occurred after her
retirement. App. to Pet. for Cert. 24a -- 25a. In ruling on the
City's motion to dismiss, the District Court explained that
to recover under the ADA, an individual must be a "quali-
fied individual" at the time of the alleged discrimination.
Id., at 24a. The District Court determined that Stanley was
not a "qualified individual" after her retirement because
she was not someone who could, "with or without reasona-
ble accommodation," "perform the essential functions of the
employment position that such individual holds or desires."
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

; see id., at 26a. Accordingly, the District Court
dismissed her claim. The Eleventh Circuit affirmed, rea-
soning that the ADA "does not protect people who neither
held nor desired a job with the defendant at the time of dis-
crimination." 83 F. 4th 1333, 1341 (2023).
In her petition for a writ of certiorari before this Court,
Stanley asked us to resolve an "important and recurring
question": whether an individual who no longer " 'holds or
desires' " his job may sue under Title I of the ADA for dis-
crimination with respect to the " 'post-employment distribu-
tion of fringe benefits.' " Pet. for Cert. 1. In other words,
Stanley asked us to decide whether former employees who
suffer postemployment discrimination can sue under the
ADA. Id., at 15.
Stanley mentioned over two dozen times in her petition
that this question has divided the courts of appeals. In two
Circuits, Stanley explained, a plaintiff need not be a "qual-
ified individual" -- that is, someone who "holds or desires"
the employment position at issue -- at the time of the alleged
discrimination. Id., at 16 -- 18;. In four other Cir-
cuits, however, a plaintiff "must be a qualified individual at
the time that one is discriminated against to have the right
to sue under the ADA." Id., at 18 -- 20. Stanley emphasized that this Circuit split
was "dispositive" in her case, as her suit was "stymied by
the Eleventh Circuit's determination that she wasn't a
'qualified individual' at the time of the discrimination." Id.,
at 3. Stanley described the Circuit split
as " 'intractable,' " "deep," "well-recognized," and "persis-
tent." Id., at 15, 21. She also conveyed a sense of urgency,
telling us that the Circuit split is "growing," and unlikely to
be resolved without "this Court's intervention." Id., at 21.
Stanley's emphasis on the Circuit split was understand-
able, as it is no secret that Circuit splits get our attention.
See this Court's Rule 10(a) (conveying that one of our lead-
ing considerations in deciding whether to grant certiorari is
4 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

whether "a United States court of appeals has entered a de-
cision" that conflicts with "the decision of another United
States court of appeals"); see also S. Shapiro, K. Geller, T.
Bishop, E. Hartnett, & D. Himmelfarb, Supreme Court
Practice.4, p. 4 -- 11 (11th ed. 2019) ("The Supreme Court
often... will grant certiorari where the decision of a federal
court of appeals... is in direct conflict with a decision of
another court of appeals on the same matter of federal law"
(emphasis deleted)).
Stanley also emphasized in her petition that the question
dividing the courts of appeals is one of "obvious im-
portance." Pet. for Cert. 33. She conveyed that "[t]he cir-
cuit split matters for the forty-four million Americans with
disabilities whose rights under the ADA, until the split is
resolved, may depend on their employers' zip codes." Id., at
30. "[T]he persistence of the circuit split," she told us,
"means that disabled former employees only in certain
parts of the country can vindicate their rights under the
ADA." Id., at 30 -- 31.
Stanley further assured us that this case would be a good
one for resolving the Circuit split. She told us that her case
"cleanly tees the issue up for this Court's resolution as a
pure question of law with no relevant factual disputes." Id.,
at 3. She reiterated that point in her reply brief at the cer-
tiorari stage, telling us that "[t]his case is a clean vehicle
with no impediments" to settling the Circuit conflict once
and for all. Reply to Brief in Opposition 6.
We granted certiorari, adopting the question presented
as framed by Stanley.1 602 U. S. ___ (2024). I understood
us to have taken the case to resolve the question that the
"circuits are split over" -- that is, whether the ADA permits
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The question presented reads in full: "Under the Americans with Dis-

abilities Act, does a former employee -- who was qualified to perform her
job and who earned post-employment benefits while employed -- lose her
right to sue over discrimination with respect to those benefits solely be-
cause she no longer holds her job?" Pet. for Cert. i.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

suits by former employees who no longer hold or desire their
job at the time the defendant engages in a discriminatory
act. Pet. for Cert. 15 (boldface deleted);. The
Eleventh Circuit's position on that question was the basis
for its ruling against Stanley below, see 83 F. 4th, at 1341,
and Stanley had asked us to take this case to resolve pre-
cisely that question.
But, something changed after this Court granted certio-
rari. In her opening brief on the merits, Stanley told us that
we "need not even reach the court of appeals' erroneous
holding that the [ADA] only prohibits discrimination
against people who currently 'hol[d] or desir[e]' a job." Brief
for Petitioner 17. In other words, according to Stanley, we
need not resolve the issue that the District Court and the
Eleventh Circuit had decided. Instead, Stanley urged, we
should decide a materially different question: whether
Stanley could base her ADA claim on discrimination that
allegedly occurred while she was still employed by the City.
Specifically, Stanley contends that she suffered discrimina-
tion at some point after she was diagnosed with Parkinson's
disease in 2016 but before she retired in 2018. Because
Stanley held and desired to hold her job during this period,
all agree that she was a " 'qualified individual' " for at least
some portion of that time..
The Eleventh Circuit did not opine on the merits of this
theory because it determined that Stanley had expressly
disavowed it in her brief before that court. 83 F. 4th, at
1344 (explaining that Stanley "affirmatively conceded" in
her initial brief that she did not suffer discrimination at any
point " 'during her employment' "). The court acknowledged
that Stanley had attempted to raise this theory at oral ar-
gument. Id., at 1343. And, the court acknowledged that
the United States had raised this theory in its brief as ami-
cus curiae, and that Stanley had attempted to adopt that
amicus argument. Id., at 1344. But, applying its issue-
preservation rules, the Eleventh Circuit determined that
6 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Stanley had not properly presented this alternative theory.
Id., at 1343 -- 1344.
For the first time in her opening merits brief before this
Court, Stanley asked us to reconsider the Eleventh Circuit's
application of its rules. She argued that "[n]othing supports
the assertion" that she conceded her alternative theory be-
low. Brief for Petitioner 24. In her view, she "repeatedly
argued" in her Eleventh Circuit brief that she suffered dis-
crimination while employed by the City. Id., at 24 -- 25.2
As I see it, Stanley's conduct amounts to a bait-and-
switch. She urged this Court to grant certiorari to resolve
a Circuit split on one specific legal question. After we
agreed to resolve that question, she redirected us to a ma-
terially different question. Ante, at 13 (acknowledging that
"[w]e took this case to resolve a circuit split," but Stanley
invites us to address "another" question).
II
I do not join Part III of the Court's opinion because I
would not opine on the merits of a new theory that Stanley
did not develop at the certiorari stage.
Redirecting this Court's focus to an entirely new question
at the merits stage is difficult to square with this Court's
Rules. Our Rule 14.1 requires a petitioner to set forth the
questions it would like this Court to decide in the petition
for a writ of certiorari. "Only the questions set out in the
petition, or fairly included therein, will be considered by the
Court." Rule 14.1(a). Thus, our rules prevent us from
reaching any question that is not " 'fairly included' " in the

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Appearing as amicus curiae in support of Stanley, the United States

endorsed Stanley's new approach to this case. Brief for United States as
Amicus Curiae 26 -- 28. Like Stanley, the United States took issue with
the Eleventh Circuit's conclusion that Stanley had " 'disclaimed' " her al-
ternative theory of liability below. Id., at 27. And, like Stanley, the
United States urged us to focus on Stanley's new theory of liability, ra-
ther than the one the Eleventh Circuit addressed. Id., at 28 -- 29.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

question presented. Izumi Seimitsu Kogyo Kabushiki Kai-
sha v. U. S. Philips Corp., (1993) (per cu-
riam).3
Redirecting our focus to a different question is also highly
disruptive to our deliberative process, as it often leads to a
lack of adversarial briefing. We take seriously the need for
adversarial briefing. For example, when no party defends
the judgment below, we ordinarily appoint counsel to offer
argument and briefing in support of that judgment. E.g.,
Martin v. United States, 605 U. S. ___ (2025). The absence
of briefing on the legal issue before us may complicate or
even thwart our efforts to resolve it. See, e.g., City and
County of San Francisco v. Sheehan, 
(2015) (dismissing a question presented as improvidently
granted in part due to a lack of "adversarial briefing").
Moreover, redirecting our focus to a different question
has the effect of undermining this Court's efforts to manage
its merits docket. We receive thousands of petitions each
year, and the vast majority of those petitions raise issues of
deep importance to the parties involved in those cases. "To
use our resources most efficiently," we must confine our re-
view to "those cases that will enable us to resolve particu-
larly important questions." Yee v. Escondido, (1992); accord, U. S. Philips Corp., 510 U. S., at 33. If
we were "to entertain questions not presented in the peti-
tion for certiorari, much of this efficiency would vanish, as
parties who feared an inability to prevail on the question
presented would be encouraged to fill their limited briefing

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 To be sure, when read in isolation, the question presented on page i

of Stanley's petition might be read to include the question whether Stan-
ley could base an ADA claim on discrimination that allegedly occurred
while she was still employed. But, when read in the context of the peti-
tion as a whole, it is clear that Stanley was asking us to resolve the Cir-
cuit split she repeatedly identified: whether an employee who is no longer
a "qualified individual" under the ADA may sue for "discrimination that
harms her post-employment." Pet. for Cert. 15.
8 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

space and argument time with discussion of issues other
than the one on which certiorari was granted." Yee, 503
U. S., at 536.
We have reached issues outside the question presented
" 'only in the most exceptional cases,' " when required by
considerations of "urgency" or "economy." Id., at 535. I do
not object to going beyond the question presented in such
circumstances. But, there is nothing exceptional about
Stanley's case. To start, had she been more transparent at
the certiorari stage, I doubt this Court would have granted
review of her alternative question. See this Court's Rule
10. Stanley's new theory of liability is that she can base her
ADA claim on discrimination that allegedly occurred while
she was still employed by the City. To address that theory,
however, we would first need to decide whether the Elev-
enth Circuit erroneously applied its own issue-preservation
rules and erred in concluding that Stanley had disclaimed
this theory below. Stanley did not petition for review of the
Eleventh Circuit's issue-preservation determination. And,
I doubt that we would have agreed to review the factbound
application of uncontested Eleventh Circuit precedents. "A
petition for a writ of certiorari is rarely granted when the
asserted error consists of erroneous factual findings or the
misapplication of a properly stated rule of law." Ibid.
Even if this Court were willing to bypass the Eleventh
Circuit's issue-preservation determination, it is unlikely
that we would have agreed to opine on the merits of Stan-
ley's alternative theory in the first instance. Neither the
District Court nor the Eleventh Circuit passed on whether
Stanley could base her claim on events that occurred while
she was still employed. That no court has decided this ques-
tion is reason enough for us to decline to do so. We are "a
court of review, not of first view." Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005). We thus ordinarily wait to see
if "the crucible of adversarial testing..., along with the
experience of our thoughtful colleagues on the district and
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

circuit benches, [can] yield insights (or reveal pitfalls) we
cannot muster guided only by our own lights." Maslenjak
v. United States, (2017) (GORSUCH, J.,
concurring in part and concurring in judgment).
In all events, our usual practice is to respect and leave
undisturbed a lower court's issue-preservation determina-
tion when that determination is not itself under review.
Singleton v. Wulff, (1976). I see no rea-
son to depart from that practice here.
* * *
Stanley asked this Court to grant certiorari to resolve a
discrete Circuit split. After we agreed to do so, she asked
us to resolve an entirely different legal question. I do not
find it "profitable" to reward Stanley's bait-and-switch in
these circumstances. Ante, at 13.
I encourage litigants before this Court to remain focused
on the questions presented in the petition for a writ of cer-
tiorari -- and only those questions -- after this Court grants
certiorari. Redirecting us to a different legal question at
the merits stage can be disruptive, inefficient, and unfair to
all involved. Of course, Stanley is not the first litigant to
resist the question presented before this Court. I hope,
however, that this Court and future parties will take seri-
ously the obligation to adhere to the question presented.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 997
_________________

KARYN D. STANLEY, PETITIONER v. CITY OF
SANFORD, FLORIDA
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, concurring in part and dissenting
in part.
I join Parts III and IV, except footnote 12, of the dissent
because, in my view, Title I's prohibition on disability dis-
crimination does not cease the day an employee retires. As
JUSTICE JACKSON explains, when an employer makes a dis-
criminatory change in postemployment benefits that a re-
tiree earned while qualified and employed, the employer
discriminates against the person in her capacity as a qual-
ified individual. See post, at 21 -- 22; Brief for United States
as Amicus Curiae 29 -- 32. Because the Court eschews that
common-sense understanding of the statutory text, I also
respectfully dissent in part.
Notwithstanding the Court's error on that question, at
least five Justices (four in the plurality and JUSTICE
JACKSON in dissent) agree that plaintiffs in Lt. Stanley's
shoes can plead disability discrimination if they were " 'sub-
ject to a discriminatory compensation decision or other
practice' " while a qualified individual within the majority's
understanding of that term. See ante, at 15 (plurality opin-
ion); see post, at 5, and (JACKSON, J., dissenting) (ex-
plaining that Stanley and those in her " 'shoes' " could re-
cover because, "[b]efore retiring, Lt. Stanley had a
disability, was a qualified individual who performed the es-
sential functions of her job despite that disability, and was
2 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

Opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.

subjected to an allegedly discriminatory policy based on her
disability"). That remains true even if the employee does
not file her lawsuit until after she retires, as long as she
was subject to a discriminatory policy while both disabled
and a qualified individual. See Brief for Respondent 30
(agreeing that a former employee need not be a " 'qualified
individual' at the time of the lawsuit").
There is good reason to think that Stanley herself was
subject to the allegedly discriminatory policy at issue here
while she was both disabled and employed. See ante, at 14
(plurality opinion); post, at 5 (JACKSON, J., dissenting). Yet
I ultimately agree with the plurality that this theory "can-
not form a basis for reversing the Eleventh Circuit's judg-
ment in this particular case," ante, at 15, especially because
Stanley herself did not ask this Court to review the Elev-
enth Circuit's holding that she had forfeited this theory be-
fore that court, ante, at 15 -- 16 (plurality opinion). Because
Part III nevertheless makes clear that Title I may well pro-
vide relief for retirees like Stanley, I join that portion of
JUSTICE GORSUCH's opinion.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 997
_________________

KARYN D. STANLEY, PETITIONER v. CITY OF
SANFORD, FLORIDA
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR joins
as to Parts III and IV, except for footnote 12, dissenting.
Retirement benefits are essential building blocks of the
American Dream. Workers typically earn these benefits on
the job and reap the rewards after leaving the workforce.
Congress has long understood that, by enabling workers to
retire with dignity, independence, and security, retirement
benefits are a critical aspect of job-related compensation.
Thus, no one seriously disputes that the Americans with
Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA), 104 Stat. 327, 42 U. S. C.
et seq., prohibits disability discrimination with re-
spect to retirement benefits. Unfortunately, however, by
viewing this case through the distorted lens of pure textu-
alism, the Court misperceives those protections today.
As I understand today's holding, the Court has decided
that if a worker who has earned retirement benefits leaves
the workforce (as expected) and is then discriminated
against with respect to the provision of those earned bene-
fits because she is disabled, Title I offers no protection. To
get to this counterintuitive conclusion, the Court relies on
Title I's "qualified individual" definition -- a provision de-
signed to protect employers from having to employ those
who cannot do the work, not to cut off the rights of those
who already finished it. Making matters worse, the Court
has to extend itself to reach this stingy outcome, because
2 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

the case before us does not present a scenario involving dis-
crimination that took place only postemployment.
In short, the Court overlooks both the actual facts pre-
sented in this case and the clear design of the ADA to ren-
der a ruling that plainly counteracts what Congress meant
to -- and did -- accomplish. I respectfully dissent.
I
Congress passed and President George H. W. Bush
signed the ADA into law 35 years ago. This landmark leg-
islation's overarching aim was "to assure equality of oppor-
tunity, full participation, independent living, and economic
self-sufficiency" for the millions of Americans with disabili-
ties. (7). Thus, Congress designed the ADA as a
"comprehensive national mandate for the elimination of "
disability discrimination that would "provide clear, strong,
consistent, enforceable standards addressing discrimina-
tion" against disabled Americans. (1), (2).
Title I of the ADA prohibits disability discrimination in
the employment context. It protects against disability dis-
crimination with respect to the provision of, among other
things, "fringe benefits," "employee compensation," and
"other terms, conditions, and privileges of employment.", (b)(2). Section 12112(a) sets forth Title I's gen-
eral prohibition, which states: "No covered entity shall dis-
criminate against a qualified individual on the basis of dis-
ability in regard to job application procedures, the hiring,
advancement, or discharge of employees, employee compen-
sation, job training, and other terms, conditions, and privi-
leges of employment." Section 12112(b) then provides spe-
cific examples of discrimination that Title I prohibits.
As the ADA made its way through Congress, employers
worried that the bill would require them to hire and retain
individuals who -- even with reasonable accommodations -- 
could not satisfy a job's demands. Title I's qualified-indi-
vidual provision was Congress's response to that concern.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

See H. R. Rep. No. 101 -- 485, pt. 2, p. 55 (1990). Borrowing
similar language from of the Rehabilitation Act of
1973, 87 Stat. 394, 29 U. S. C., Congress inserted the
"qualified individual" phrase into Title I's general prohibi-
tion, and it elsewhere defined a "qualified individual" as one
"who, with or without reasonable accommodation, can per-
form the essential functions of the employment position
that such individual holds or desires.". The point
of inserting this definition and relying on it in the ADA was
simply and solely "to reaffirm that [Title I] does not under-
mine an employer's ability to choose and maintain qualified
workers." H. R. Rep. No. 101 -- 485, pt. 2, at 55.
Today, however, the Court takes Title I's qualified-indi-
vidual definition out of context and assigns it an additional
function: to act as a strict temporal limit on the reach of
Title I's protections. That is, the Court reads the qualified-
individual provision to mean that only those who hold or
desire a job when alleged discrimination occurs can claim
Title I's protection. See ante, at 18. It is on that ground
that the Court concludes that Lt. Karyn Stanley -- a now-
retired firefighter suffering from Parkinson's disease -- can-
not make out a Title I claim against her former employer
for (assumed) disability discrimination relating to retire-
ment benefits that she earned in the line of duty.
In my view, for the reasons explained below, the Court is
wrong twice over. It should not have used this case to make
any pronouncements about the viability of a Title I discrim-
ination claim that arises after an employee retires. And it
misreads Title I to introduce a time-related limitation that
appears nowhere in the statute Congress wrote.
II
A
Because this case arises from a Federal Rule of Civil Pro-
cedure 12(b)(6) dismissal of Lt. Stanley's complaint, we are
required to "accept as true all the factual allegations in
4 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

h[er] complaint." Manuel v. Joliet, (2017). We must also assess Lt. Stanley's complaint "as a
whole," credit all "plausibl[e]" allegations, and "draw rea-
sonable inferences" in her favor. National Rifle Association
of America v. Vullo, (2024).
Like the majority, I will start by assuming that what Lt.
Stanley alleges to be discriminatory conduct by the city of
Sanford, Florida (the City), in fact violated the ADA. Ante,
at 4. Doing so, what follows are the facts.
Lt. Stanley was employed as a firefighter by the Sanford
Fire Rescue Department for just shy of two decades. Com-
plaint in No. 6:20 -- cv -- 00629 (MD Fla.), ECF Doc. 1, p. 2,
¶ 4. She started in 1999 and was promoted to Lieutenant
in 2005. Id., at 3, ¶¶ 13 -- 15. Lt. Stanley remained contin-
uously employed in that position until November 2018,
when she was forced to take disability retirement due to her
physical disability. Id., at 3, ¶ 16.1
Notably, while Lt. Stanley was still employed, the City
changed its disability-retirement policy. At the time Lt.
Stanley was hired, the City's policy was to pay for disabled
retirees' health insurance until retirees turned 65 years old.
Id., at 4, ¶ 19. In 2003, the City changed that policy to offer
a maximum of 24 months of healthcare coverage for disa-
bled retirees. Id., at 4, ¶ 20. This change meant that Lt.
Stanley was subject to the new policy from 2003 onward,
including the period from when she became disabled (while
she was still employed) until she retired. Ibid.
Lt. Stanley's complaint alleges that the City's "taking
away" of the prior disability-insurance policy denied disa-
bled retirees like her "equal access to health insurance."
Id., at 8, ¶ 37. She further alleges that the new 24-month
coverage policy violates the ADA in and of itself. Ibid. All
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Although not alleged in Lt. Stanley's complaint, the summary-judg-

ment record on her non-ADA claims reflects that she was diagnosed with
Parkinson's disease in 2016. See Stanley v. Sanford, 83 F. 4th 1333, 1336
(CA11 2023).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

agree that, under the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, 123
Stat. 5, an unlawful employment practice occurs when a
plaintiff "becomes subject to a discriminatory compensation
decision or other practice." 42 U. S. C. -- 5(e)(3)(A).2
Based on the facts Lt. Stanley alleges, the Fair Pay Act
framework supplies the answer to the question presented
in this case.3 Before retiring, Lt. Stanley had a disability,
was a qualified individual who performed the essential
functions of her job despite that disability, and was subject
to an allegedly discriminatory policy based on her disabil-
ity, insofar as the City changed its retirement-benefits
package in a manner that disadvantaged disabled retirees.
See Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 26 -- 27. Thus,
it made no sense for the City to argue for dismissal of Lt.
Stanley's ADA claim (as it did) on the ground that she was
not a qualified individual at the relevant time.
On the facts as alleged in her complaint, the City sub-
jected Lt. Stanley to the discriminatory policy during her
employment, not only after she retired.4 So, Lt. Stanley was
performing the essential functions of her job at the prere-
tirement point at which she became disabled and was sub-
jected to the new policy. This made her a qualified individ-
ual, notwithstanding the City's counterfactual contention.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 "[A]n unlawful employment practice" also occurs under the Fair Pay

Act "when a discriminatory compensation decision or other practice is
adopted" or "when an individual is affected" by it. 42 U. S. C. -- 
5(e)(3)(A).
3 That question is: "Under the [ADA], does a former employee -- who

was qualified to perform her job and who earned post-employment bene-
fits while employed -- lose her right to sue over discrimination with re-
spect to those benefits solely because she no longer holds her job? " Pet.
for Cert. i.
4 Accordingly, I agree fully with the plurality's conclusion that -- 

5(e)(3)(A) "might be especially promising for plaintiffs in [Lt.] Stanley's
shoes." Ante, at 14.
6 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

B
1
The Court has decided not to resolve this case on that
straightforward ground. A plurality of the Court says, in-
stead, that "case-specific problems prevent [those facts]
from helping [Lt.] Stanley here." Ante, at 14 -- 15. Even set-
ting aside the plurality's failure to accept Lt. Stanley's plau-
sible factual allegations and to draw reasonable inferences
in her favor, I disagree with its analysis of the "case-specific
problems." In my view, none of the plurality's concerns pre-
cludes this Court from resolving this case based on the fac-
tual allegations in Lt. Stanley's complaint.
First, the plurality says Lt. Stanley's complaint does not
allege her diagnosis, its timing, and whether she had the
disability while she was still working. See ante, at 16. But
her complaint tells us that she had a disability and eventu-
ally had to retire because of it. This is enough to draw a
"plausible inference" that she worked with a disability and
was thus subject to the discriminatory policy some time be-
fore retiring. Ashcroft v. Iqbal, (2009).
Second, the plurality claims that, in the proceedings be-
low, Lt. Stanley "affirmatively disavowed" the argument
that she was discriminated against while still working.
Ante, at 16. Not so. All she said was that she did " 'not claim
she was impacted by the discriminatory' City policy 'during
her employment.' " Ibid., p. 22; emphasis added). But whether
someone was impacted (affected) by a policy is distinct from
whether they were subject to it. See -- 5(e)(3)(A).
Third, the plurality contends that, in "applying its own
rules of argument preservation, the Eleventh Circuit de-
clined to pass" on Lt. Stanley's "theory" that she was dis-
criminated against during her employment, and that this
Court did not grant certiorari to decide whether that assess-
ment was correct. Ante, at 17. But Lt. Stanley's "theory"
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

was merely a response to the City's argument that her com-
plaint failed to state a claim. Moreover, the allegation that
the relevant discriminatory act took place while she was
still on the job tees up the question we did grant certiorari
to address: "Under the [ADA], does a former employee -- 
who was qualified to perform her job and who earned post-
employment benefits while employed -- lose her right to sue
over discrimination with respect to those benefits solely be-
cause she no longer holds her job?" Pet. for Cert. i (empha-
sis added). Lt. Stanley maintains that she states a claim
for discrimination under the ADA with respect to retire-
ment benefits she earned while working despite the fact
that she no longer holds the job. The question presented
neither states nor suggests that the employer's act of dis-
crimination took place only after Stanley retired.5 And, to
the extent such timing is even relevant, answering the
question Lt. Stanley actually presented in light of her con-
tention that the discrimination occurred while she was still
working is the only framing that is actually consistent with
the facts alleged in Lt. Stanley's complaint.
2
What is more, "[o]ur traditional rule is that '[o]nce a fed-
eral claim is properly presented, a party can make any ar-
gument in support of that claim; parties are not limited to
the precise arguments they made below.' " Lebron v. Na-
tional Railroad Passenger Corporation, 
(1995) ;
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Indeed, as quoted, the actual question presented asks whether Lt.

Stanley "lose[s] her right to sue over discrimination with respect to [re-
tirement] benefits solely because she no longer holds her job." Pet. for
Cert. i. But, no matter, says the majority; from the
outset, it chooses to answer an entirely different query: "whether a re-
tired employee who does not hold or seek a job is a 'qualified individual.' "
Ante, at 1. That shift is telling. Even as the majority extols the virtues
of textualism, it has completely rewritten the text of the question that
Stanley actually presented, presumably to reach its desired result.
8 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

second alteration in original). And, here, nobody disputes
that Lt. Stanley preserved the claim that the City discrim-
inated against her in violation of the ADA by changing her
retirement benefits. Lt. Stanley's contention that she was
subject to the allegedly discriminatory policy while she was
still an employee "is -- at most -- 'a new argument to support
what has been [her] consistent claim.' " Citizens United v.
Federal Election Comm'n, (2010) (quot-
ing Lebron, 513 U. S., at 379).
If the traditional rule applies anywhere, it should be in a
case of this nature. This claim was brought by a disabled
firefighter suffering from Parkinson's who has consistently
maintained that the City's change to its retirement-benefits
policy (implemented while she was an employee) discrimi-
nates against disabled beneficiaries. If we extend leniency
to professional advocacy organizations when they craft al-
legations, see, e.g., Citizens United, 558 U. S., at 331, it
seems only fair to extend that same grace to those with lim-
ited resources to game out long-term litigation strategies.6
Moreover, it bears noting that this case comes to us on
review of a complaint, which need only plead facts sufficient
to support a claim, not comprehensive legal theories. See
Skinner v. Switzer, (2011). If we were
reviewing a summary judgment or trial record developed on
Lt. Stanley's district-court legal theories, the plurality
might have a point. But, at the pleading stage, a legal claim
rises or falls based on the facts -- not theories -- alleged.
If all that were not enough, the case record here estab-
lishes that Lt. Stanley tried below to make the point that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Only time will tell whether the Court is as eager to apply today's

stringent argument-preservation approach to major corporations and
professional advocacy organizations as it is to use this line of reasoning
to dismiss the claims of a retired firefighter suffering from Parkinson's.
Cf. Diamond Alternative Energy, LLC v. EPA, ___ (2025)
(JACKSON, J., dissenting).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

the discriminatory act she was complaining of occurred dur-
ing her employment, once the City made timing an issue.
For instance, Lt. Stanley's opening brief to the Eleventh
Circuit incorporated the Government's amicus brief, which
argued that, contrary to what the City had asserted, Lt.
Stanley had suffered the alleged discrimination while em-
ployed. Brief for Appellant in No. 22 -- 10002, at viii, 10;
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae in No. 22 -- 10002,
pp. 5, 11 -- 21; see also Reply for Appellant in No. 22 -- 10002,
pp. 4 -- 13. Lt. Stanley and the Government also made this
point repeatedly to the Eleventh Circuit at oral argument.
Recording of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 10002 (Aug. 24, 2023), at
0:35 -- 5:50, 6:00 -- 7:30, 8:20 -- 9:20.
It is true that, instead of accepting the facts as Lt. Stan-
ley alleged them (and as the Federal Rules and our prece-
dents require), the Eleventh Circuit rejected Lt. Stanley's
and the Government's attempts to set the record straight
about the timing question. But it is odd, to say the least,
that Lt. Stanley is now being penalized for her thwarted
earlier attempts to assert that the City's discriminatory ac-
tions occurred while she was still an employee -- especially
when she might have been able to make that point here if
she had skipped saying this to the Eleventh Circuit entirely
and had pointed it out to us in the first instance. Cf. Citi-
zens United, 558 U. S., at 331 (holding that parties can
make any argument in this Court to support their claim,
even one not raised below).7

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 One might even argue that our decision to grant certiorari in the first

place signaled our decision to set aside the alleged forfeiture problem,
which the City had asserted in its brief in opposition. Brief in Opposition
30 -- 31. Lt. Stanley, the Government, and knowledgeable observers
would be forgiven for reasonably presuming that the Court had "neces-
sarily considered and rejected" this purported obstacle to its review when
we opted to grant Lt. Stanley's petition. Stolt-Nielsen S. A. v. Animal-
Feeds Int'l Corp., (2010); see also United States
v. Williams, (1992).
10 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

3
Regardless of how the Eleventh Circuit handled the alle-
gations in this case, in my view, we need to remember that
our Court's role is to decide what the law is for the entire
Nation. That reach carries with it the heightened respon-
sibility to tether the legal principles we pronounce to the
facts of the case before us, lest we not only create unfairness
for particular parties but also allow a poor vehicle to drive
us -- and the law -- astray. Considering questions of law di-
vorced from the actual facts raises doubts about our author-
ity under Article III. See, e.g., Public Workers v. Mitchell,
(1947) ("[F]ederal courts established pur-
suant to Article III of the Constitution do not render advi-
sory opinions"). It also risks error, because it is far more
difficult to correctly address legal issues on facts that do not
implicate the question presented.
The discrepancy between real life and our legal deci-
sionmaking matters in concrete and demonstrable ways. A
retiree who alleges disability discrimination that first oc-
curs only after they have retired is in a materially different
position from one who was subjected to that same discrimi-
natory action during her employment. See Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 11 ("When an employer makes a
discriminatory change in a plaintiff 's post-employment
benefits, it retroactively alters the plaintiff 's terms or con-
ditions of employment and changes the compensation she
earned as an employee performing the essential functions
of her job -- that is, as a qualified individual"). Whether or
not Title I covers that circumstance does not answer
whether a plaintiff like Lt. Stanley -- who did not suffer a
retroactive change to her terms and conditions of employ-
ment, but was instead subjected to the allegedly discrimi-
natory policy while employed -- can sue.
When we realized that Lt. Stanley's case does not present
a circumstance of discrimination that occurs only after one's
employment ends, we had two reasonable options. We
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

could have applied our traditional rule, allowing Lt. Stanley
to make all arguments in support of her claim, and then
considered how the alleged facts of her case fare under the
law as we understand it. Alternatively, we could have dis-
missed the writ of certiorari as improvidently granted and
awaited a true case of postemployment discrimination to
decide that question. Instead, the Court chooses door num-
ber three: to close its eyes to what Lt. Stanley actually al-
leges and use her case nonetheless to answer an important
legal question that does not arise from the facts in her com-
plaint. Thus, in this of all cases, the Court abandons "its
considered practice not to decide abstract, hypothetical or
contingent questions." Alabama State Federation of Labor
v. McAdory, (1945); cf. McCoy v. Louisi-
ana, (2018) (ALITO, J., dissenting) ("The
Constitution gives us the authority to decide real cases and
controversies; we do not have the right to simplify or other-
wise change the facts of a case in order to make our work
easier or to achieve a desired result").
I think plowing forward to make new pronouncements of
law when the alleged facts do not implicate the rule we are
announcing is a mistake. That Lt. Stanley suffered dis-
crimination during her employment is not a disposable
"theory." It is the only lens through which we can accu-
rately -- and properly -- view her case.
III
The second misstep that the Court makes in this case is
to construe Title I of the ADA to allow employers to engage
in postemployment discrimination. The text of the statute
itself says nothing -- zero -- about the preemployment or
postemployment timing of an act of disability discrimina-
tion. Nevertheless, the Court homes in on one isolated pro-
vision (the qualified-individual definition), detaches it from
its place in the overall scheme, and converts it into a strict
limitation on the temporal reach of Title I's protection.
12 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

In my view, settled law requires a different path. We
should have followed the method this Court employed when
it addressed a comparable question of statutory interpreta-
tion in Robinson v. Shell Oil Co., (1997).
There, we held that "employees" in Title VII covers former
employees. Id., at 346. To reach that conclusion, we ana-
lyzed the text, context, and purposes of the provisions at
issue. Applied here, those indicators confirm that Title I
prohibits disability discrimination in the postemployment
payout of benefits earned during an employee's tenure.
A
Robinson first says to consider whether the statute's text
supplies "a plain and unambiguous" answer to the question
of what the statute allows. Id., at 340. The "inquiry must
cease" at text alone only "if the statutory language is unam-
biguous and 'the statutory scheme is coherent and con-
sistent.' " Ibid. ). Title I's text and
overall scheme do not foreclose -- much less unambiguously
so -- retirees' ability to sue over discrimination in the
postemployment payout of benefits they earned on the job.
Consider first what Title I's text does not say. Title I does
not categorically exclude former employees or retirees from
the ADA's protection. Nor does it explicitly carve out
postemployment discrimination as nonactionable. Nothing
in the statute actually says that one must currently hold or
desire a job to obtain protection from the forms of disability
discrimination that Title I prohibits. And Title I does not
place a temporal limit on the reach of its protections.
What the text of Title I does plainly convey is broad pro-
tection for workers against disability discrimination with
respect to job-related benefits. Section 12112(a)'s general
prohibition bars disability discrimination "in regard to"
both "employee compensation" and "other terms, condi-
tions, and privileges of employment." Section 12112(b)(2)
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

also specifically prohibits disability discrimination by "an
organization providing fringe benefits to an employee of the
covered entity." As I explain in Part IV, infra, those terms
capture deferred compensation that workers earn during
employment and then receive during retirement.
So where does the majority find its purported temporal
limit on Title I's protections? Almost exclusively in the stat-
ute's qualified-individual definition. Recall that 
prohibits disability discrimination against a "qualified indi-
vidual," which defines as "an individual who,
with or without reasonable accommodation, can perform
the essential functions of the employment position that
such individual holds or desires." Based on the text and
tense of this provision, the majority concludes that Title I
offers no protection to an individual who does not presently
hold or desire a job. See ante, at 5. It reaches that result
by reading the qualified-individual definition to apply
equally to two scenarios. See ante, at 7 -- 8. The first sce-
nario is where someone seeks to keep or obtain a job, but
finds that aspiration stymied by disability discrimination.
The second scenario is where someone previously had a job
(for which they were qualified), but suffers postemployment
discrimination in the payout of job-related benefits.
The false equivalence of these two very different scenar-
ios fuels the majority's effort to sustain a textualist case for
a temporal limitation. But nothing in the text compels it.
It is perfectly permissible to read the qualified-individual
definition as setting a conditional mandate: If a plaintiff re-
lies on Title I regarding a job she seeks to obtain or hold,
then she must be able to perform the essential functions of
that job. Brief for Petitioner 3. Conditional mandates like
this appear in daily life. Imagine seeing a sign that reads:
"To live in this apartment building, you must be able to
clean up after the pets that you own." Ibid. No one would
read that rule as requiring tenants to own pets; rather, it is
a conditional mandate that applies if tenants have pets.
14 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Ibid.8
Read that way, the qualified-individual mandate oper-
ates to protect employers from having to extend employ-
ment to those who cannot do a job. See Part III -- B, infra. It
says nothing about the time at which the alleged discrimi-
nation must occur relative to one's period of employment.9
The majority runs in a series of textualist circles, at-
tempting to find the explicit temporal limit it seeks in the
qualified-individual definition's text. But it comes up short
of anything to confirm that the qualified-individual defini-
tion is an expression of Congress's temporal limit on all of
Title I. And the reality is that Title I's text contains neither
an express prohibition against nor authorization for retiree
lawsuits challenging postemployment discrimination. Be-
cause text alone does not supply an unambiguous answer,
Robinson's framework tells us to proceed to understand the
context in which the "qualified individual" definition ap-
pears in Title I, as well as the point of that provision -- i.e.,
what, exactly, Congress designed that definition to do.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 Lt. Stanley offers another example from an actual statute, which pro-

vides that NASA "shall make one annual award" to "[t]he amateur as-
tronomer... who in the preceding calendar year discovered the intrinsi-
cally brightest near-Earth asteroid." 51 U. S. C. (3)(A); see
Brief for Petitioner 36. It then defines "amateur astronomer" as "an in-
dividual whose employer does not provide any funding, payment, or com-
pensation to the individual for the observation of asteroids."
(1). Does an unemployed astronomer qualify? Of course. In
context, the "amateur astronomer" definition imposes a conditional man-
date that applies if an individual is employed.
9 The majority responds that Congress could have written Title I dif-

ferently to make the conditionality of the qualified-individual mandate
clearer. See ante, at 8. But critiques of that sort cut both ways: If Con-
gress had wanted to restrict all of Title I's protections to only those who
hold or desire a job (as opposed to retirees), it surely could have made
that explicit too. See, e.g., Robinson v. Shell Oil Co., 
(1997) (" That the statute could have expressly included the phrase 'for-
mer employees' does not aid our inquiry. Congress also could have used
the phrase 'current employees' ").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

B
Congress incorporated the qualified-individual provision
into Title I of the ADA to address a particular problem. Its
legislative history makes clear that, by adding this provi-
sion, Congress simply "intend[ed] to reaffirm that [Title I]
does not undermine an employer's ability to choose and
maintain qualified workers." H. R. Rep. No. 101 -- 485, pt. 2,
at 55. Congress was responding to businesses' concerns
that protecting disabled workers would mean requiring em-
ployers to hire employees whose disabilities could threaten
"the health or safety of others," damage "property," or pre-
vent the completion of the work. Id., at 56. Could a jewelry
store in search of a security guard require "[m]obility and
dexterity" from an applicant? Ibid. Or, if a job involved
lifting 50-pound boxes, could an employer require appli-
cants to be able to lift that much weight? Id., pt. 3, at 36.
Congress added the qualified-individual provision to
make clear that the answer to these and similar questions
was yes. Ibid. It explained that, "[a]s with other civil rights
laws prohibiting discrimination in employment," Title I
would not "limit the ability of covered entities to choose and
maintain a qualified workforce." Id., at 35 -- 36. Employers
could "hire and employ employees who can perform the job"
and use "job-related criteria" in making those determina-
tions. Id., at 36. In other words, Congress designed the
provision to "ensure that employers can continue to require
that all applicants and employees, including those with dis-
abilities, are able to perform the essential, i.e., the non-mar-
ginal functions of the job." Id., pt. 2, at 55.
The "qualified" aspect of Title I's protection thus recog-
nizes that, in certain situations, employers may lawfully
discriminate against applicants and current employees
based on disability. Specifically, employers may do so if dis-
ability renders someone unable to perform the essential
functions of a job that she holds or desires. And that makes
perfect sense when a plaintiff seeks Title I's protection with
16 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

respect to hiring, promotion, or firing determinations. E.g.,
Cleveland v. Policy Management Systems Corp., (1999) (wrongful-discharge plaintiff had to show
she could " 'perform the essential functions' of her job").
A retiree seeking to remedy discrimination as to the pay-
out of benefits already earned on the job, by contrast, does
not trigger the concerns that motivated Congress to craft a
qualified-individual metric. See, e.g., Castellano v. New
York, 142 F. 3d 58, 68 (CA2 1998) ("Where the alleged dis-
crimination relates to the provision of post-employment
benefits, rather than to hiring, promotion, or firing, Con-
gress's expressed concern about qualifications is no longer
implicated"). Unlike allowing disability discrimination
against someone who is or seeks to be in the workforce but
cannot do the job, authorizing disability discrimination
against a retiree who was in the workforce, but has now left
it, has nothing to do with the problem Congress was ad-
dressing when it imposed the conditions in the qualified-
individual definition.
The long and short of it is that the qualified-individual
provision's function is to protect employers from having to
hire and maintain employees who cannot do the work. That
provision is not designed to serve as a temporal limit that
extinguishes the rights of those who already did the work
and have now left the job. Nor does it make any sense -- 
given Title I's overall scheme -- for the qualified-individual
provision to moonlight as such a temporal restriction. If
Congress had wanted the qualified-individual definition to
do the work of cutting off discrimination claims that arise
after retirement, it easily could have said so.
C
It is clear, then, that the majority has commandeered Ti-
tle I's qualified-individual definition and used it to steer to-
day's legal analysis through wholly inapposite terrain. Do-
ing this not only diverges from Congress's design but also
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

leads to anomalous results. That is, even as the majority
assumes that Title I protects retirement benefits, it adopts
an interpretation that severely undermines those protec-
tions, rendering them null just when they matter most.
Worse still, the majority's reading of this statute counter-
acts the objective of the qualified-individual provision -- the
very provision on which the majority's holding turns.
Under the majority's logic, if an employer cuts off an em-
ployee's entitlement to retiree health benefits (because of
their disability) one day before they retire, the employee can
sue. But if the employer waits until one day after that em-
ployee's retirement (assuming the employee no longer de-
sires the job they held), Title I offers them no protection.
Imagine a janitor who is a deaf. She works decades at a
school, performing all essential functions of her job. During
that time, she earns retirement benefits, including postem-
ployment health insurance and a pension. After she retires,
the school cuts off her employer-provided retirement bene-
fits on the ground that "it was always a nuisance to have to
accommodate her all those years" -- i.e., because of her deaf-
ness. Does Title I protect her against this blatant disability
discrimination? Per today's holding, the majority says no.
Even though the school has taken away job-related benefits
that the janitor earned during her working years, she is out
of luck because -- the majority reasons -- Title I's protections
are limited only to those who hold or desire a job.
Arbitrariness abounds. If the retired janitor remains
able to perform the essential functions of her job, and if she
still wants to work, then she can bring a Title I suit to chal-
lenge the school's discrimination in the payout of retire-
ment benefits she already earned. But if she can no longer
perform the essential functions of her job, or if she simply
no longer desires a job, then she cannot. See Brief for AFL -- 
CIO as Amicus Curiae 5. But why would Congress hinge
the retired janitor's protection against discrimination in the
benefits she earned while working on whether she wants
18 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

and can perform a job in the future? While she was work-
ing, she could perform the essential functions of her job and
thereby earned the benefits in question -- isn't that what
matters in any coherent and consistent scheme designed to
protect against disability discrimination?10
It is illogical to conclude that, while Congress wanted to
protect against discrimination with respect to retirement
benefits, it crafted a statute that implicitly cuts off those
protections the moment a worker last clocks out. Holding
as much allows employers to evade Title I's retirement-ben-
efit protections by bait and switch. They need not refrain
from discrimination; all they have to do is wait.
IV
Rather than unfastening the qualified-individual defini-
tion from the objective that compelled it and construing
that provision to limit the broad protections that the ADA
confers, I would adopt the statutory reading most con-
sistent with the overall design of Title I. Congress passed
the ADA to protect people with disabilities, and it crafted
Title I, in particular, to provide disabled workers with
meaningful protections against disability discrimination in
the provision of job-related retirement benefits. To properly
evaluate the intended scope of Title I's protections, courts
need to situate its provisions within that broader context.
A
At our best, this Court has appreciated the ADA's "broad
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 The majority's blinkered focus leads to other oddities too. What if

the retired janitor can no longer perform her janitorial work, but she
takes on a lighter job with a different employer? Without question, she
"can perform the essential functions of the [new] employment position
that [she] holds." 42 U. S. C.. Given that she currently holds
a job, can she now (even under the majority's reading) sue her former
employer for its disability discrimination with respect to her retirement
benefits? Following the majority's textualism to its logical conclusion,
the answer suddenly would seem to be yes.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

JACKSON, J., dissenting

mandate" and "sweeping purpose" for remedying "wide-
spread discrimination against disabled individuals." PGA
TOUR, Inc. v. Martin, -- 675 (2001). We
have called the statute's " 'comprehensive character' " one of
its " 'most impressive strengths.' " Id., at 675. And we have
seen it as Congress designed it -- " 'a milestone on the path
to a more decent, tolerant, progressive society.' " Ibid.
Reading Title I to prohibit postemployment discrimina-
tion in the provision of retirement benefits (as I do) aligns
with the broader purposes of the ADA. Retirement benefits
are an essential aspect of the "equality of opportunity, full
participation, independent living, and economic self-suffi-
ciency" that the ADA promotes. (7). They are also
one of "those opportunities for which our free society is jus-
tifiably famous," and Congress wanted to ensure that disa-
bled Americans could enjoy them, too. (8).
In other words, Title I's protections encourage disabled
Americans to enter the workforce and have an equal oppor-
tunity to earn all that a good job brings to workers and their
families. Retirement benefits are a key piece of that pie.
Brief for AARP et al. as Amici Curiae 19 (describing retire-
ment benefits as a key factor in workers' job-related deci-
sions). After all, workers often decide whether to enter the
workforce, and when to leave, based on the terms of such
benefits. Protecting disabled Americans' right to receive all
that they earned during their working years -- free from dis-
ability discrimination in retirement -- is essential to a faith-
ful application of Congress's handiwork.
The majority skips past these anchoring objectives; it
hastily assumes Congress wanted to confer protection
against job-related disability discrimination (to include dis-
crimination related to the provision of retirement benefits),
ante, at 9, but then treats the many provisions of the ADA
that demonstrate this congressional purpose as irrelevant
to an interpretation of Title I's reach, ante, at 9 -- 10. In my
view, Congress's clear aims are not so easily avoided.
20 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

A comprehensive look at Title I reveals its protection of
retirement benefits in at least three places. Section
12112(a)'s general prohibition bars disability discrimina-
tion "in regard to" both "employee compensation" and "other
terms, conditions, and privileges of employment." Addition-
ally, (2) prohibits disability discrimination by "an
organization providing fringe benefits to an employee of the
covered entity." Legislative history reinforces that Con-
gress inserted these phrases into Title I to protect pensions,
health insurance, and other benefits that employers prom-
ise to give their employees upon retirement. See H. R. Rep.
No. 101 -- 485, pt. 2, at 54 -- 55 (noting that Title I covers "the
range of employment decisions," including those concerning
"fringe benefits available by virtue of employment"); see
also id., pt. 3, at 36 (prohibiting adoption of different "ben-
efits" for disabled employees); id., at 38 ("[E]mployers may
not deny health insurance coverage completely to an indi-
vidual based on the person's... disability").
Congress also crafted Title I knowing that courts had con-
strued these terms in similar statutes to include retirement
benefits. This Court had held, for example, that a "benefit
need not accrue before a person's employment is completed
to be a term, condition, or privilege of that employment re-
lationship." Hishon v. King & Spalding, 
(1984). It had thus made clear that "[p]ension benefits"
"qualify as terms, conditions, or privileges of employment
even though they are received only after employment ter-
minates." Ibid. Five Justices had also reasoned that
"[t]here is no question that the opportunity to participate in
a deferred compensation plan constitutes a 'conditio[n] or
privileg[e] of employment,' and that retirement benefits
constitute a form of 'compensation.' " Arizona Governing
Comm. for Tax Deferred Annuity and Deferred Compensa-
tion Plans v. Norris, (1983) (Marshall,
J., joined by Brennan, White, Stevens, and O'Connor, JJ.,
concurring in judgment in part) (footnote omitted). And the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Court had further clarified that "[a] benefit that is part and
parcel of the employment relationship may not be doled out
in a discriminatory fashion." Hishon, 467 U. S., at 75.
B
This backdrop highlights not only that Congress viewed
retirement benefits to be a protected form of employee com-
pensation, but also how Congress intended for this particu-
lar form of protection from disability discrimination to op-
erate. To be specific: Retirement benefits are not payments
to retirees for something they do postemployment (i.e.,
when they neither have nor desire a job). Rather, as we
held in an analogous context just before the ADA's passage,
"retirement benefits are deferred compensation for past
years of service rendered." Davis v. Michigan Dept. of
Treasury, 810 (1989) (interpreting stat-
ute that consented to state " 'taxation of pay or compensa-
tion for personal service as an officer or employee of the
United States' " to cover federal retirement benefits, be-
cause they are compensation for service as a federal em-
ployee). Thus, as we recognized in Davis, although workers
receive these benefits after they retire, workers earn these
benefits as employees -- during their employment. Ibid.
If an employer alters the payout of benefits based on an
employee's disability after that individual's employment
ends -- say, by reducing pension benefits -- the employer has
discriminatorily changed the terms and conditions of em-
ployment that the individual was subject to while work-
ing.11 The retiree earns those benefits as an employee;
therefore, the postemployment adverse action retroactively
discriminates against that previously qualified individual.
See Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 29 -- 32. So,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 This is not what happened here, of course. Lt. Stanley was subject

to the discriminatory policy that she now challenges while she was still
working. Yet the consequence of the majority's broad holding is that the
retiree I describe above would have no recourse under Title I.
22 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

even assuming (as the majority does) that the individual's
qualifications are apposite to this particular scope-of-cover-
age question (but see Part III -- A, supra), the individual
could perform the job's essential functions when it mat-
tered -- when the individual earned the benefits.
The Government proffers an illustrative hypothetical.
Imagine "a statute prohibiting airlines from discriminating
against a 'qualified passenger' in the 'terms, conditions, or
privileges of carriage' and defining a 'qualified passenger'
to mean someone who 'meets the carrier's eligibility re-
quirements for the flight on which the passenger is flying
or seeks to fly.' " Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae
31. What happens if the airline discriminates against the
individual in the handling of their baggage at their destina-
tion, after they debark? The majority would say, too bad -- 
the individual is no longer a "qualified passenger." But I
would read the statute in context, as the Government does:
The individual was qualified during the relevant period; the
discrimination relates to their act of flying with the airline
as a passenger; and this is the type of discrimination that
the statute was designed to stop. This reading follows from
the text, context, and primary purpose of the statute -- it
renders the provision in question part of a coherent and
consistent overall scheme.
So it is here. A retiree who worked and earned benefits
as a qualified individual, then suffered discrimination at
the payout stage for those benefits in retirement, is covered
by Title I's protections. On such facts, fairly interpreted,
the employer has "discriminate[d] against a qualified indi-
vidual... in regard to... employee compensation.". That is precisely what Title I prohibits.
C
Waving off Congress's broader objectives, the majority
notes that legislation does not "pursu[e] its stated purpose
at all costs." Ante, at 11.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

JACKSON, J., dissenting

This common rejoinder attacks a strawman. Looking to a
statute's purposes helps us to understand -- not override -- 
that statute's text. And while legislators may not pursue
their purposes "at all costs," such calibrations and the com-
promises they reflect do not make legislative purposes ir-
relevant to a full and fair evaluation of what a statutory
provision means, as the majority suggests.
Too often, this Court closes its eyes to context, enactment
history, and the legislature's goals when assessing statu-
tory meaning. I cannot abide that narrow-minded ap-
proach. If a statute's text does not provide a clear answer
to a question, it is not our role to keep twisting and turning
those words until self-confirmatory observations solidify
our "first blush" assumptions. Robinson, 519 U. S., at 341.12
Courts should remember that "[l]egislation has an aim; it
seeks to obviate some mischief, to supply an inadequacy, to
effect a change of policy, to formulate a plan of govern-
ment." F. Frankfurter, Some Reflections on the Reading of
Statutes, 47 Colum. L. Rev. 527, 538 -- 539 (1947). Viewing
a statute's text in light of its aims allows us to "carr[y] out
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 The majority's contention that I reject " 'pure textualism' [a]s insuf-

ficiently pliable to secure the result [I] seek," ante, at 10, stems from an
unfortunate misunderstanding of the judicial role. Our interpretative
task is not to seek our own desired results (whatever they may be). And,
indeed, it is precisely because of this solemn duty that, in my view, it is
imperative that we interpret statutes consistent with all relevant indicia
of what Congress wanted, as best we can ascertain its intent. A method-
ology that includes consideration of Congress's aims does exactly that -- 
and no more. By contrast, pure textualism's refusal to try to understand
the text of a statute in the larger context of what Congress sought to
achieve turns the interpretive task into a potent weapon for advancing
judicial policy preferences. By "finding" answers in ambiguous text, and
not bothering to consider whether those answers align with other sources
of statutory meaning, pure textualists can easily disguise their own pref-
erences as "textual" inevitabilities. So, really, far from being "insuffi-
ciently pliable," I think pure textualism is incessantly malleable -- that's
its primary problem -- and, indeed, it is certainly somehow always flexi-
ble enough to secure the majority's desired outcome.
24 STANLEY v. CITY OF SANFORD

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Congress' likely intent in enacting the statutory provision
before us." Zuni Public School Dist. No. 89 v. Department
of Education, (2007). Crucially, this keeps
us to our proper role as judges in a democratic system. See
United States v. American Trucking Assns., Inc., (1940) (courts' role in interpreting statutes is "to
construe the language so as to give effect to the intent of
Congress").
Here, instead of rendering Title I's retirement-benefit
protections an empty promise by adopting a reading "de-
structive of [its] purpose," the Court should have adopted
the reading that is not only plainly text-based but is also
"more consistent with the broader context of [Title I] and
the primary purpose of " its protections. Robinson, 519
U. S., at 346. In my view, in the absence of any clear tem-
poral limitation on the scope of Title I, the best interpreta-
tion would permit those who were qualified enough to earn
benefits while working to seek a remedy for postemploy-
ment discrimination in the payout of those benefits.
* * *
Disabled Americans who have retired from the workforce
simply want to enjoy the fruits of their labor free from dis-
crimination. Congress plainly protected their right to do so
when it crafted Title I. Yet, the Court ignores that right
today. It reaches out to cut off postemployment protection
against disability discrimination in a case that does not re-
quire us to decide that question; seizes upon the inapposite
text of the qualified-individual definition; and converts that
text into a temporal limit it was never designed to be.
Worse still, by doing all this, the Court renders meaningless
Title I's protections for disabled workers' retirement bene-
fits just when those protections matter most.
It is lamentable that this Court so diminishes disability
rights that the People (through their elected representa-
tives) established more than three decades ago. Even so,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

JACKSON, J., dissenting

there is hope for a legislative intervention to fix the mistake
the Court has made. Americans with disabilities have
proven time and again that they can overcome long odds in
fighting for their own equality. When that happens, my one
wish would be for this Court to stay out of their way.

============================================================

JUSTICE GORSUCH delivered the opinion of the Court.
If federal officers raid the wrong house, causing property
damage and assaulting innocent occupants, may the home-
owners sue the government for damages? The answer is
not as obvious as it might be. All agree that the Federal
Tort Claims Act permits some suits for wrong-house raids.
But the scope of the Act's permission is much less clear.
This case poses two questions about the Act's application:
one concerning the FTCA's sovereign-immunity waiver,
and the other touching on the defenses the United States
may assert.
I
A
In the predawn hours of October 18, 2017, the Federal
Bureau of Investigation raided the wrong house in subur-
ban Atlanta. Officers meant to execute search and arrest
warrants at a suspected gang hideout, 3741 Landau Lane.
Instead, they stormed a quiet family home, 3756 Denville
Trace, occupied by Hilliard Toi Cliatt, his partner Curtrina
Martin, and her 7-year-old son G. W. App. to Pet. for Cert.
2 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

3a -- 4a.
A six-member SWAT team, led by FBI Special Agent
Lawrence Guerra, breached the front door and detonated a
flash-bang grenade. Id., at 7a -- 8a. Fearing a home inva-
sion, Mr. Cliatt and Ms. Martin hid in a bedroom closet. Id.,
at 8a. But the SWAT team soon found the couple's hiding
spot, dragged Mr. Cliatt from the closet, "threw [him] down
on the floor," handcuffed him, and began "bombarding [him]
with questions." Id., at 79a. Meanwhile, another officer
trained his weapon on Ms. Martin, who was lying on the
floor half-naked, having fallen inside the closet. Id., at 8a,
89a. Only then did another officer stumble across some
mail with the home's address on it and realize the team had
the wrong house. Id., at 8a.
The cause of the officers' mistake? In preparation for the
raid, Agent Guerra visited the correct house to document
its features and identify a staging area for the SWAT team.
Id., at 5a. But, he says, when he used his personal GPS to
navigate to 3741 Landau Lane on the day of the raid, it led
him to 3756 Denville Trace. 631 F. Supp. 3d 1281, 1287
(ND Ga. 2022). No one could confirm as much later because
Agent Guerra "threw... away" his GPS device "not long
after" the raid. Id., at 1288. And it seems the agents nei-
ther noticed the street sign for "Denville Trace," nor the
house number, which was visible on the mailbox at the end
of the driveway. Ibid.; Tr. of Oral Arg. 38. Apparently, too,
Agent Guerra failed to appreciate that a different car was
parked in the driveway, one "not present... during [his]
previous visit." 631 F. Supp. 3d, at 1288.
Left with personal injuries and property damage -- but
few explanations and no compensation -- Mr. Cliatt and Ms.
Martin sued the United States. They did so under the Fed-
eral Tort Claims Act, 28 U. S. C. et seq., alleging that
the officers had committed various negligent and inten-
tional torts, App. 8 -- 14.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

B
After discovery and motions practice, the district court
rejected each of the plaintiffs' claims and granted summary
judgment to the government. The Eleventh Circuit af-
firmed and, in doing so, relied on an understanding of the
FTCA that no other circuit has adopted. To appreciate
what sets the Eleventh Circuit apart and how its approach
affected its analysis of the plaintiffs' claims, it helps to
begin by outlining how this suit would have proceeded else-
where.
The FTCA allows those injured by federal employees to
sue the United States for damages. The statute achieves
that end by waiving, in 28 U. S. C., the federal gov-
ernment's sovereign immunity for "certain torts committed
by federal employees acting within the scope of their em-
ployment." Brownback v. King, (2021). But the statute's
waiver is subject to 13 exceptions that claw back the gov-
ernment's immunity in certain circumstances. Set out in, most of these 13 exceptions are obviously inapplica-
ble to suits alleging police misconduct within the United
States. But two in particular -- the discretionary-function
exception and the intentional-tort exception -- sometimes
come into play.
In a suit like this one, most courts begin by assessing the
intentional-tort exception. Located in subsection (h) of, it prohibits claims alleging any of 11 enumerated
torts. But the exception is itself subject to a "law enforce-
ment proviso." Millbrook v. United States, 
(2013). That proviso countermands the exception with re-
spect to six intentional torts (including assault, battery,
false imprisonment, and false arrest) against "investigative
or law enforcement officers.". So if a plaintiff al-
leges that a federal law enforcement officer committed one
or more of those six torts, the proviso will ensure those
4 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

claims survive an encounter with the intentional-tort ex-
ception. Id., at 55 -- 56.
Next, most courts turn to the discretionary-function ex-
ception. Housed in subsection (a) of, this exception
bars "[a]ny claim" based on the exercise of an official's "dis-
cretionary function." Faced with that instruction, most
courts ask whether the exception precludes any of the plain-
tiff 's remaining tort claims. And here, the answer is often
less clear cut. The discretionary-function exception, this
Court has said, forbids suits challenging decisions that "in-
volv[e] an element of judgment or choice" of a "kind that the... exception was designed to shield." United States v.
Gaubert, -- 323 (1991) (alteration in origi-
nal; internal quotation marks omitted). But several of our
lower court colleagues report that they have "struggl[ed]" to
discern what this direction requires of them. See, e.g., Xi v.
Haugen, 68 F. 4th 824, 842 (CA3 2023) (Bibas, J., concur-
ring). So, for example, some lower courts have held that the
discretionary-function exception does not shield "careless"
or "unconstitutional" police conduct from judicial scrutiny,
but others have taken a contrary view and read the excep-
tion much more broadly. Id., at 843; Pet. for Cert. 28 -- 34.
Finally, if any of the plaintiff 's claims survive the
discretionary-function exception and thus fall within the
FTCA's waiver of sovereign immunity, courts turn to a third
question: Is the government liable to the plaintiff on the
merits? When it comes to that question, the FTCA provides
that the government will usually be liable to the plaintiff if
a "private individual under like circumstances,",
would be liable under "the law of the place" where the gov-
ernment employee's wrongful "act or omission occurred,"
(1). Ordinarily, then, courts will find for the plain-
tiff if he can demonstrate that federal officials committed a
tort under applicable state law. See Brownback, 592 U. S.,
at 218.
Now compare that approach to the Eleventh Circuit's.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

That court begins much as others do, asking whether the
law enforcement proviso permits a plaintiff 's intentional-
tort claims to advance past subsection (h)'s intentional-tort
exception. See Nguyen v. United States, 556 F. 3d 1244,
1260 (2009).
But from there, the Eleventh Circuit proceeds quite dif-
ferently. Rather than asking whether the discretionary-
function exception bars either the plaintiff 's negligent-tort
claims or his intentional-tort claims, as most courts do, the
Eleventh Circuit applies that exception only to the plain-
tiff 's negligence claims. The Eleventh Circuit does so be-
cause, in its view, the law enforcement proviso does not just
override the intentional-tort exception, it also overrides all
the other exceptions in, the discretionary-function
exception included. Id., at 1257. Under that approach, any
intentional-tort claim covered by the proviso automatically
proceeds to the merits -- no matter what any other exception
has to say.
To compensate for its expansive and plaintiff-friendly
reading of the proviso, the Eleventh Circuit then takes a
restrictive and defendant-friendly view at the FTCA's lia-
bility stage. In other courts, an FTCA plaintiff will usually
prevail if he can show a "private individual under like cir-
cumstances,", would be liable under "the law of the
place" where the government employee's wrongful "act or
omission occurred," (1). But in the Eleventh Cir-
cuit, the government may assert a particular affirmative
defense under the Constitution's Supremacy Clause. See
Denson v. United States, 574 F. 3d 1318, 1347 (2009). And
that defense, the Eleventh Circuit holds, defeats a claim
whenever a law enforcement officer's contested actions bear
"some nexus with furthering federal policy and can reason-
ably be characterized as complying with the full range of
federal law." Id., at 1348; accord, Kordash v. United States,
51 F. 4th 1289, 1293 (CA11 2022).
Applying its unique approach to this case, the Eleventh
6 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Circuit held that the law enforcement proviso spared the
plaintiffs' intentional-tort claims from both the intentional-
tort and the discretionary-function exceptions. It dismissed
the plaintiffs' negligence claims under the discretionary-
function exception because, in its view, Agent Guerra "en-
joyed discretion in how he prepared for the warrant execu-
tion." App. to Pet. for Cert. 17a -- 18a. And on the merits of
the plaintiffs' (remaining) intentional-tort claims, the court
held that the government had a winning Supremacy Clause
defense. As a result, the Eleventh Circuit concluded, the
United States was entitled to summary judgment. Id., at
18a -- 19a.
We agreed to take this case to examine the distinctive
features of the Eleventh Circuit's approach -- namely (1)
whether the law enforcement proviso overrides not just the
intentional-tort exception but also the discretionary-function
exception, and (2) whether the Supremacy Clause affords
the United States a defense in FTCA suits. Pet. for Cert.
16, 25. 604 U. S. ___ (2025).
II
Begin with the law enforcement proviso. Does it counter-
mand only 's intentional-tort exception, as most
circuits have concluded and the government argues? Brief
for Respondents 25; Xi, 68 F. 4th, at 842 (Bibas, J., concur-
ring) (collecting cases). Or does the proviso also override
the other exceptions in, including the discretionary-
function exception in subsection (a), as the Eleventh Circuit
has held and the plaintiffs contend? Nguyen, 556 F. 3d, at
1257; Brief for Petitioners 40.
A
To answer that question, we turn to the relevant statu-
tory text. Recall that waives the federal govern-
ment's sovereign immunity, subject to a list of 13 exceptions
housed in. Those exceptions are lettered (a) through
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

(n), with one letter unused. Rather than setting the law
enforcement proviso apart as a discrete provision at the end
of that list, Congress folded it into subsection (h)'s intentional-
tort exception. Here's a sense of how the proviso (under-
lined below) appears in context.
"The provisions of this chapter and section 1346(b) of
this title shall not apply to -- 
"(a) Any claim based upon an act or omission of an
employee of the Government, exercising due care, in
the execution of a statute or regulation, whether or not
such statute or regulation be valid, or based upon the
exercise or performance or the failure to exercise or per-
form a discretionary function or duty on the part of a
federal agency or an employee of the Government,
whether or not the discretion involved be abused......
"(h) Any claim arising out of assault, battery, false
imprisonment, false arrest, malicious prosecution,
abuse of process, libel, slander, misrepresentation, de-
ceit, or interference with contract rights: Provided, That,
with regard to acts or omissions of investigative or law
enforcement officers of the United States Government,
the provisions of this chapter and section 1346(b) of this
title shall apply to any claim arising, on or after the date
of the enactment of this proviso, out of assault, battery,
false imprisonment, false arrest, abuse of process, or
malicious prosecution. For the purpose of this subsec-
tion, 'investigative or law enforcement officer' means
any officer of the United States who is empowered by
law to execute searches, to seize evidence, or to make
arrests for violations of Federal law......
"(n) Any claim arising from the activities of a Fed-
eral land bank, a Federal intermediate credit bank, or
a bank for cooperatives."
8 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

The proviso's placement supplies an immediate clue
about the scope of its application. It appears in the same
subsection (and the same sentence) as the intentional-tort
exception. Given that arrangement, an ordinary reader
would naturally presume that the proviso modifies only
subsection (h). An everyday example helps illustrate the
point. Suppose a wife leaves her husband a shopping list:
"Please buy -- Apples. Carrots. Steak: If there is a sale.
Bread. Milk." The wife, we think, would be understandably
frustrated if her husband returned home with only steak in
hand because he could find nothing else discounted. Re-
flecting that intuition about ordinary meaning, our cases
recognize that, absent reason to think otherwise, statutory
provisos generally modify only the provisions in which they
sit. See McDonald v. United States, -- 21
(1929); Alaska v. United States, (2005);
A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law 154 -- 155 (2012) (Scalia
& Garner).
Nothing about 's proviso gives us reason to think
it works differently. To the contrary, one textual clue after
another confirms that it follows the general rule. Start with
the statute's grammatical structure. Section 2680 contains
a lead-in clause ("The provisions of this chapter and section
1346(b) of this title shall not apply to -- ") followed by a list
of exceptions. In conjunction with the lead-in clause, each
exception forms a stand-alone sentence ending with a pe-
riod, operating as a "distinct," "structurally discrete" provi-
sion. Jama v. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and (2005). And, given that, it is hard
to see how the law enforcement proviso might apply beyond
subsection (h), modifying exceptions housed in separate
subsections (and separate sentences) elsewhere in.
Notice, too, that subsection (h) and its proviso work to-
gether to address the same category of claims: intentional
torts. Subsection (h)'s intentional-tort exception excludes
from the FTCA's sovereign-immunity waiver claims for
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

torts like "assault, battery, false imprisonment, [and] false
arrest." The proviso then undoes that assertion of sover-
eign immunity for some of those same torts when commit-
ted by "investigative or law enforcement officers." By con-
trast, the proviso does not so much as mention the issues
addressed by 's other exceptions, like claims for lost
mail, combat injuries, or the imposition of quarantines., (f ), (j). That the proviso is "confined" to the same
"subject-matter" as subsection (h)'s "principal clause"
stands as more evidence yet that it "refers only to the pro-
vision to which it is attached." United States v. Morrow,
(1925).
The proviso's second sentence is telling as well. It defines
the phrase "investigative or law enforcement officer." In
doing so, the sentence tells us that the definition applies
only to "this subsection" (i.e., subsection (h)), even though
the phrase "law enforcement officer" also appears in subsec-
tion (c)'s exception for claims arising from tax and customs
collection., (h). If Congress had wished the proviso
to modify each of the exceptions in, it might have pro-
vided a section-wide definition, rather than a limited defi-
nition just for subsection (h).
If more evidence were needed, comparing this statute
with others would supply it. Often, Congress drafts statu-
tory lists followed by a proviso in a separate paragraph at
the end. See, e.g., 42 U. S. C. (2)(F)(ii)(II),
6928(f )(2). Sometimes, that placement can suggest that a
proviso relates to all the preceding subparts, not just the
nearest one. Scalia & Garner 156. But here Congress chose
a different course, folding the proviso into a single excep-
tion, rather than appending it to the end of the full list of
exceptions. And that choice, too, suggests this proviso ap-
plies to subsection (h) alone. See Ysleta del Sur Pueblo v.
Texas, (2022).
10 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

B
Seeking to defend the Eleventh Circuit's view that the
proviso applies broadly across all of 's exceptions, the
plaintiffs offer a number of thoughtful arguments. But, to
our eyes, none can overcome the textual evidence we have
just laid out.
First, the plaintiffs ask us to focus on how the proviso
mirrors 's lead-in clause. Brief for Petitioners 42. The
lead-in clause, they observe, preserves the government's
sovereign immunity by instructing that 's waiver
"shall not apply to" claims covered by the exceptions.. Meanwhile, the proviso countermands
that direction by instructing that 's waiver "shall
apply" to certain claims.. Be-
cause the language of the proviso mirrors the language of
the lead-in clause, the plaintiffs submit, Congress must
have meant for the proviso to have the last word with re-
spect to each of the FTCA's exceptions. Id., at 42. That
conclusion, however, does not follow from its premise. Yes,
the proviso and lead-in clause contain similar language.
And, yes, the proviso surely countermands the lead-in
clause for purposes of subsection (h). But none of that
means the proviso speaks to other exceptions that work to-
gether with the lead-in language to form discrete instruc-
tions that "may be understood completely without reading
any further." Jama, 543 U. S., at 344.
Second, the plaintiffs remind us that the proviso's second,
definitional sentence applies to "this subsection," but the
proviso's first, substantive part contains no such limiting
language. Brief for Petitioners 42 -- 43 ).
And that difference, the plaintiffs say, suggests that the
first, substantive part applies throughout. Id., at 42 -- 
43. Again, however, we do not see it. Congress had no need
to include similar limiting language in the first part of the
proviso to confine its application to subsection (h). Con-
gress accomplished just that by placing the proviso's first
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

part in the same sentence as the intentional-tort exception.
Meanwhile, in the proviso's second sentence, Congress ar-
guably needed to confine the definition of "investigative or
law enforcement officer" to "this subsection" to ensure that
the phrase "law enforcement officer" carries a different
meaning when it appears in subsection (c).
Third, the plaintiffs resort to legislative history. They
point to a committee report discussing how Congress en-
acted the proviso in response to two wrong-house raids
much like their own. Id., at 8 -- 10, 44; see S. Rep. No. 93 -- 
588, p. 3 (1973). And, the plaintiffs argue, unless the pro-
viso is given broad effect across, it will not fulfill Con-
gress's purpose of ensuring that wrong-house-raid cases
may proceed. But this argument stumbles, too. Few pieces
of legislation pursue any single "purpos[e] at all costs."
American Express Co. v. Italian Colors Restaurant, (2013).
And Members of Congress may well have had more than
one purpose in mind when adding the proviso to the FTCA.
Perhaps some thought amending subsection (h) alone and
leaving others untouched would strike a suitable balance
between immunity and liability. Perhaps others concluded
there was no need to apply the proviso more broadly be-
cause no other exception would shield the government from
liability for wrong-house raids. Whatever the reason, no
amount of guesswork about the purposes behind legislation
can displace what the law's terms clearly direct. "[L]egisla-
tive history is not the law." Epic Systems Corp. v. Lewis,
(2018).
III
That takes us to the Eleventh Circuit's second outlier po-
sition and the second question presented. May the United
States defeat an FTCA suit by invoking the Supremacy
Clause and showing that a federal officer's acts had "some
nexus with furthering federal policy" and "compli[ed] with
12 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the full range of federal law"? App. to Pet. for Cert. 17a. Because the govern-
ment now concedes that it enjoys no such defense, the Court
appointed Christopher Mills as amicus to represent the
Eleventh Circuit's views. 604 U. S. ___ (2025). He has ably
discharged his responsibilities. But in the end, we find the
government's concession commendable and correct: The
FTCA does not permit the Eleventh Circuit's Supremacy
Clause defense.
The Supremacy Clause supplies a rule of decision when
federal and state laws conflict. It provides that the "Con-
stitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be
made in Pursuance thereof... shall be the supreme Law of
the Land... any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any
state to the Contrary notwithstanding." Art. VI, cl. 2. So,
for example, when a regulated party cannot comply with
both federal and state directives, the Supremacy Clause
tells us the state law must yield. See, e.g., Virginia Ura-
nium, Inc. v. Warren, (2019) (opinion of
GORSUCH, J.).
The FTCA is the "supreme" federal law addressing the
United States' liability for torts committed by its agents. It
supplies the "exclusive remedy" for damages claims arising
out of federal employees' official conduct. See Hui v. Cas-
taneda, (2010). And, as we have seen,
the government will usually be liable if a "private individ-
ual under like circumstances,", "would be liable to
the claimant in accordance with the law of the place where
the act or omission occurred," (1). Accordingly, a
plaintiff may generally prevail in an FTCA suit by demon-
strating that "the State in which the alleged misconduct oc-
curred would permit a cause of action for that misconduct
to go forward." Carlson v. Green, (1980).
Because the FTCA's liability rule incorporates state law,
in most cases there is no conflict for the Supremacy Clause
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

to resolve. Take this case. Georgia law supplies the rele-
vant "law of the place" where the officers' tortious conduct
occurred. (1). And Georgia law would permit a
homeowner to sue a private person for damages if that per-
son intentionally or negligently raided his house and as-
saulted him. See App. 10 -- 13, for assault and battery and Lyttle
v. United States, 867 F. Supp. 2d 1256, 1301 (MD Ga. 2012),
for negligence). So when the FTCA, the relevant federal
law in this field, instructs courts to apply those same state
rules to decide whether the United States is liable to the
plaintiffs, there is no discord between the two.
To be sure, it is possible (though rare) for federal and
state law to conflict in an FTCA suit. So, for example, in
Hess v. United States, this Court held that federal maritime
law supplied the "law of the place" governing an FTCA suit
involving an accident on the Columbia River., and (1960). Though the accident "occurred within
the State of Oregon," it happened "on navigable waters...
within the reach of admiralty jurisdiction." Id., at 318. As
a result, federal maritime law displaced state tort law, just
as it would in "an action between private parties." Ibid. In
much the same way, federal law will control other FTCA
suits where "a litigant [can] point specifically to a constitu-
tional text or a federal statute" that supplies controlling li-
ability rules, displacing contrary state law. Virginia Ura-
nium, 587 U. S., at 767 ;
see, e.g., PLIVA, Inc. v. Mensing, (2011).
In this case, however, the Eleventh Circuit did not iden-
tify any federal statute or constitutional provision displac-
ing Georgia tort law. Instead, the court of appeals pointed
to a line of cases stemming from this Court's decision in
In re Neagle, (1890). App. to Pet. for Cert.
16a -- 17a. Those
cases, the Eleventh Circuit has observed, hold that federal
14 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

officers may sometimes defeat state prosecutions against
them by demonstrating that their actions, though criminal
under state law, were "necessary and proper" in the dis-
charge of their federal responsibilities. Id., at 1346 -- 1347
(discussing In re Neagle). In the Eleventh Circuit's view,
that same logic works to foreclose FTCA suits like the plain-
tiffs'. 574 F. 3d, at 1346 -- 1347; Kordash, 51 F. 4th, at 1293 -- 
1294.
To appreciate why that view is mistaken, a little history
helps. In re Neagle involved an affair, a homicide, and a
habeas petition. In 1883, Sarah Althea Hill claimed to be
the wife of U. S. Senator William Sharon and sought a
share of his fortune in acrimonious California divorce pro-
ceedings. Sharon admitted an affair but insisted that Hill
had forged the pair's handwritten marriage contract. Hill
hired David Terry to represent her. A former Chief Justice
of the California Supreme Court, Terry had resigned that
post after killing (another) U. S. Senator in a duel. As the
litigation wore on, lawyer and client married.
Eventually, the dispute between Hill and Sharon wound
up before U. S. Supreme Court Justice Stephen Field while
he was riding circuit. Terry and Justice Field were no
strangers, having served together on the California Su-
preme Court. Even so, Justice Field issued a devastating
ruling against Hill. As he announced his decision, Hill leapt
from her seat, denounced the Justice as "bought," and had
to be carried from the courtroom. Joining the fracas, Terry
punched a marshal and brandished a bowie knife. Even af-
ter the couple spent time in jail for contempt, they contin-
ued to issue threats against Justice Field.1
Those events found their way into the U. S. Reports this
way. Aware of the threat Hill and Terry posed, the U. S.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 For a full account of the saga, see In re Neagle, 135 U. S., at 42 -- 55;

W. Lewis, The Supreme Court and a Six-Gun: The Extraordinary Story
of In re Neagle, 43 A. B. A. J. 415 (1957) (Lewis).
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

Attorney General ordered Deputy Marshal David Neagle, a
former chief of police in Tombstone, Arizona, to accompany
Justice Field when he next rode circuit in California. Lewis
478; In re Neagle, 135 U. S., at 51 -- 52. That decision proved
prescient, for Terry soon cornered the Justice on a train and
attacked him. Id., at 52 -- 54. Intervening to protect the Jus-
tice, Neagle shot and killed Terry. Ibid. After the shooting,
California authorities arrested Neagle and began prosecut-
ing him for murder. Neagle countered by filing a petition
for a writ of habeas corpus in federal court seeking his re-
lease. Ibid.
When Neagle's petition reached this Court, it agreed the
writ should issue, reasoning that the Supremacy Clause
shielded him from state criminal charges. Without some
such protection, the Court concluded, California could frus-
trate federal law by prosecuting a federal marshal "for an
act which he was authorized to do by the law of the United
States," an act "which it was his duty to do," and in circum-
stances where he "did no more than what was necessary
and proper." Id., at 75 -- 76.
Memorable as In re Neagle may be, we do not see how it
informs the prosaic task of applying the FTCA. The Court's
decision may stand for the proposition that federal law will
sometimes preempt a state criminal law when it conflicts
with a federal officer's duties -- and do so even in the ab-
sence of express federal legislation overriding the state law
in question. But In re Neagle does not speak to a situation
where, as here, Congress has entered the field and ex-
pressly bound the federal government to accept liability un-
der state tort law on the same terms as a "private individ-
ual.". After all, no private individual could deploy
In re Neagle to his advantage. It has only ever worked to
shield "[f]ederal officers who are discharging their duties."
Ohio v. Thomas, (1898); see also In re
Neagle, 135 U. S., at 62 ("officers and agents... acting...
within the scope of their authority"); Davis v. Burke, 179
16 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

U. S. 399, 402 (1900) ("an officer of the United States [who]
has been arrested under state process for acts done under
the authority of the Federal government").2
To be sure, the government may raise other defenses
against tort liability, and some may be uniquely federal in
nature. After setting forth the general rule that the gov-
ernment can be held liable under state tort law on the same
terms as a "private individual," adds that the govern-
ment may "assert any defense based upon judicial or legis-
lative immunity which otherwise would have been availa-
ble to the employee of the United States whose act or
omission gave rise to the claim, as well as any other de-
fenses to which the United States is entitled." But none of
these defenses include In re Neagle. That decision did not
recognize a "judicial or legislative immunity." Nor has it
been understood as a "defens[e] to which the United States
is entitled," but instead (and again) as a shield "[f]ederal
officers" may assert. Thomas, 173 U. S., at 283. Had Con-
gress wanted to refashion In re Neagle into a new defense
the government itself can assert under the FTCA, it might
have said so. Yet it did not.
IV
Where does all that leave the case before us? We can say
this much: The plaintiffs' intentional-tort claims survive
their encounter with subsection (h) thanks to the law en-
forcement proviso, as the Eleventh Circuit recognized. But
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 To date at least, this Court has also generally understood In re Neagle

as providing federal officers a shield against only state criminal prosecu-
tion, not (as here) state tort liability. See, e.g., Ohio v. Thomas, -- 285 (1899) (favorably citing In re Waite, a case holding that the
defense would permit "a civil action for damages," even where it barred
"a criminal prosecution," because a damages action, unlike a prosecution,
would not bring the "federal and state governments into conflict," 81 F.
359, 363 -- 364 (ND Iowa 1897)); Johnson v. Maryland, 
(1920) (suggesting that the defense would not foreclose "liability under
the common law of a State" for "negligence").
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

it remains for that court on remand to consider whether
subsection (a)'s discretionary-function exception bars either
the plaintiffs' negligent- or intentional-tort claims. As we
have explained, the Eleventh Circuit must undertake that
assessment without reference to its mistaken view that the
law enforcement proviso applies to subsection (a). Should
some or all of the plaintiffs' claims survive the discretionary-
function exception, the Eleventh Circuit must then ask
whether, under Georgia state law, a "private individual un-
der like circumstances" would be liable for the acts and
omissions the plaintiffs allege, subject to the defenses dis-
cussed in -- not a Supremacy Clause defense nowhere
mentioned there.
Having resolved that much, the plaintiffs ask us to decide
more still. See Brief for Petitioners 19 -- 40. In particular,
they call on us to determine whether and under what cir-
cumstances the discretionary-function exception bars suits
for wrong-house raids and similar misconduct. Unless we
take up that further question, they worry, the Eleventh Cir-
cuit on remand may take too broad a view of the exception
and dismiss their claims again. After all, the plaintiffs
observe, in the past that court has suggested that the
discretionary-function exception bars any claim "unless a
source of federal law 'specifically prescribes' a course of con-
duct" and thus deprives an official of all discretion. Id., at
36 ). And that approach, the plaintiffs insist, is
both seriously mistaken and at odds with how other circuits
understand the exception. Brief for Petitioners 36. Some
courts, for instance, have held that the discretionary-function
exception does not protect conduct "marked by individual
carelessness or laziness," rather than "policy considera-
tions." Rich v. United States, 811 F. 3d 140, 147 (CA4
2015). Some courts do not apply the exception when law
enforcement officers violate the plaintiffs' constitutional
rights. Xi, 68 F. 4th, at 839 ("government officials never
18 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

have discretion to violate the Constitution"). And some
have indicated that the exception does not protect "ministe-
rial" tasks. See id., at 843 (Bibas, J., concurring). The
plaintiffs ask us to endorse decisions like these, apply their
reasoning to this case, and hold it survives the discretionary-
function exception. Brief for Petitioners 39 -- 40
We readily acknowledge that different lower courts have
taken different views of the discretionary-function excep-
tion. We acknowledge, too, that important questions sur-
round whether and under what circumstances that excep-
tion may ever foreclose a suit like this one. But those
questions lie well beyond the two we granted certiorari to
address. And before addressing them, we would benefit
from the Eleventh Circuit's careful reexamination of this
case in the first instance. It is work enough for the day to
answer the questions we took this case to resolve, clear
away the two faulty assumptions on which that court has
relied in the past, and redirect it to the proper inquiry.
The judgment of the Eleventh Circuit is vacated, and the
case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 362
_________________

CURTRINA MARTIN, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS PARENT AND
NEXT FRIEND OF G. W., A MINOR, ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. UNITED STATES, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[June 12, 2025]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE JACKSON joins,
concurring.
I join in full the Court's opinion, which holds that the
Eleventh Circuit's distinctive approach to suits under the
Federal Tort Claims Act (FTCA) is wrong in two respects.
See ante, at 6, 16 -- 17. The law enforcement proviso modifies
only the subsection in which it is located: Section 2680(h)'s
intentional-tort exception. Ante, at 6 -- 11. The United
States, moreover, may not defeat an FTCA suit simply by
"showing that a federal officer's acts had 'some nexus with
furthering federal policy' and 'compli[ed] with the full range
of federal law.' " Ante, at 11 -- 12.
With those two principles clarified, I also agree that the
Eleventh Circuit must now consider on remand whether the
FTCA's discretionary-function exception bars plaintiffs'
negligent- and intentional-tort claims. Ante, at 17 -- 18. I
write separately to underscore that there is reason to think
the discretionary-function exception may not apply to these
claims.
I
The FTCA shields the United States from liability for
claims "based upon" a federal employee's "exercise or per-
2 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

formance" (or failure to exercise or perform) "a discretion-
ary function or duty," "whether or not the discretion in-
volved be abused." 28 U. S. C.. This Court has set
forth a two-part test that governs the application of, known as the discretionary-function exception.
First, courts must consider the nature of the official's con-
duct and decide whether it " 'involv[es] an element of judg-
ment or choice.' " United States v. Gaubert, (1991) ). "The requirement of judgment or choice,"
this Court has explained, "is not satisfied if a 'federal stat-
ute, regulation, or policy specifically prescribes a course of
action for an employee to follow.' " 499 U. S., at 322. In
such circumstances, " 'the employee has no rightful option
but to adhere to the directive.' " Ibid.
Even where a federal employee retains an element of
choice, however, the exception does not apply reflexively.
After all, it is rare for statutes or regulations to prescribe
an official's required course of conduct down to the very last
detail, so some degree of choice will almost invariably re-
main. Thus, this Court has required lower courts to deter-
mine, at the second step, whether "th[e] judgment is of the
kind that the discretionary function exception was designed
to shield." Berkovitz, 486 U. S., at 536. Because "[t]he basis
for the discretionary function exception was Congress' de-
sire to 'prevent judicial "second-guessing" of legislative and
administrative decisions grounded in social, economic, and
political policy through the medium of an action in tort,' "
this Court has clarified that the exception protects only
those governmental actions and decisions that are them-
selves "based on considerations of public policy." Id., at
536 -- 537 ); see
Gaubert, 499 U. S., at 323.
To that end, this Court has said, it is "obviou[s]" that
some discretionary acts performed by Government agents
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

"are within the scope of [their] employment but not within
the discretionary function exception." Id., at 325,. If a
federal banking regulator "drove an automobile on a mis-
sion connected with his official duties and negligently col-
lided with another car," for example, the Court has made
clear that "the exception would not apply." Ibid. That is
because, while "driving requires the constant exercise of
discretion, the official's decisions in exercising that discre-
tion can hardly be said to be grounded in regulatory policy."
Ibid.
It has been 34 years since this Court last weighed in on
the discretionary-function exception, see Gaubert, and despite substantial percolation in the courts of ap-
peals, the "exact boundaries of the exception remain un-
clear," 14 C. Wright, A. Miller, & H. Hershkoff, Federal
Practice and Procedure.1 (4th ed. Supp. 2025). The
Court today resolves one of the Circuit splits regarding the
exception's application: whether claims that fall within the
FTCA's law enforcement proviso must necessarily fall out-
side of the discretionary-function exception. Yet, as the
Court recognizes, ante, at 17 -- 18, several additional points
of disagreement remain, including whether allegedly "un-
constitutional conduct necessarily falls outside the excep-
tion" because officials lack discretion to violate the Consti-
tution, and "whether the exception applies when the
challenged act was careless rather than a considered exer-
cise of discretion." Xi v. Haugen, 68 F. 4th 824, 843 (CA3
2023) (Bibas, J., concurring) (describing these Circuit
splits). Given the enduring questions about how to apply
the discretionary-function exception, and the divergent ap-
proaches taken by the Circuits, it is long past time for this
Court to weigh in on the exception's scope.
Even without further intervention by this Court, how-
ever, there is reason to question the Eleventh Circuit's sug-
gestion in the decision below that the discretionary-func-
tion exception might apply " 'unless a source of federal law
4 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

"specifically prescribes" a [federal employee's] course of con-
duct.' " 2024 WL 1716235, *6 (2024) ; emphasis in
original). That approach, which even the Government does
not defend before this Court, would run headlong into
this Court's precedents. Gaubert, after all, applies the
discretionary-function exception only where an official's ac-
tions both involve an element of judgment and rely on pub-
lic policy considerations. See 499 U. S., at 322 -- 323; see also
Berkovitz, 486 U. S., at 536 -- 537. Whether federal law pre-
scribes a particular course of action resolves only the first
of Gaubert's two questions. The second question (whether
an officer's decisions were " 'based on considerations of pub-
lic policy,' " 499 U. S., at 323) remains live. Were it other-
wise, a federal official's negligent driving decisions would
fall beyond the reach of the discretionary-function excep-
tion only if federal law or policy specifically prescribed an
officer's permissible maneuvers on the road. Cf. id., at 325,.
II
Agent Guerra's preparation to execute search and arrest
warrants at 3741 Landau Lane, and his subsequent deci-
sion to raid Martin and Cliatt's home at 3756 Denville
Trace, bear some resemblance to Gaubert's negligent driv-
ing hypothetical. Like driving, executing a warrant always
involves some measure of discretion. Yet it is hard to see
how Guerra's conduct in this case, including his allegedly
negligent choice to use his personal GPS and his failure to
check the street sign or house number on the mailbox before
breaking down Martin's door and terrorizing the home's
occupants, involved the kind of policy judgments that the
discretionary-function exception was designed to protect.
The FTCA's history, too, confirms Congress's intention to
subject the United States to liability for intentional torts
committed by law enforcement officers like Agent Guerra.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

The relevant context is as follows: For several decades after
the FTCA's enactment, Congress retained the United
States' sovereign immunity for myriad intentional torts
committed by federal employees, including assault, battery,
and false arrest. See 28 U. S. C.. That changed,
however, in response to an episode that will sound familiar
to readers of the majority opinion. See ante, at 2.
In April 1973, Herbert and Evelyn Giglotto awoke in
their Collinsville, Illinois, townhouse "to the sound of some-
one smashing down their door and bursting into their
house." J. Boger, M. Gitenstein, & P. Verkuil, The Federal
Tort Claims Act Intentional Torts Amendment: An Inter-
pretative Analysis, 54 N. C. L. Rev. 497, 500 (1976). After
15 state and federal officers ransacked the Giglottos' home,
tied them up at gunpoint, and threatened to shoot Mr. Gi-
glotto if he moved, the officers realized they " 'ha[d] the
wrong people.' " Ibid. The officers eventually moved on to
the home of Donald Askew, where they terrorized yet an-
other innocent couple before confessing they had acted on a
" 'bad tip.' " Id., at 501.
The Collinsville raids garnered national attention, in-
cluding from the United States Senate. See S. Rep. No. 93 -- 
588, pp. 2 -- 3 (1973); see also Brief for Members of Congress
as Amici Curiae 8 -- 12. Noting that "[t]here [was] no effec-
tive legal remedy against the Federal Government for the
actual physical damage, much less the pain, suffering and
humiliation to which the Collinsville families ha[d] been
subjected," the Senate Committee on Government Opera-
tions proposed an amendment to the FTCA. See S. Rep.
No. 93 -- 588, at 2. The solution was to add a proviso to the
end of the intentional-tort exception that "deprive[s] the
Federal Government of the defense of sovereign immunity"
for FTCA suits arising out of the state-law torts of "assault,
battery, false imprisonment, false arrest, malicious prose-
cution, or abuse of process" by federal law enforcement of-
ficers. Id., at 3; see. The Committee designed the
6 MARTIN v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

proviso to ensure "innocent individuals who are subjected
to raids of the type conducted in Collinsville, Illinois, will
have a cause of action against the individual Federal agents
[via suits under Bivens v. Six Unknown Fed. Narcotics
Agents, (1971)] and the Federal Government
[through the FTCA]." Id., at 3.
Of course, the majority correctly holds that the proviso
does not altogether trump the discretionary-function excep-
tion: Even if an intentional-tort claim "survive[s its] en-
counter with subsection (h) thanks to the law enforcement
proviso," courts must nevertheless consider whether "sub-
section (a)'s discretionary-function exception bars... the
plaintiffs' negligent- or intentional-tort claims." Ante, at 17.
Courts, however, should not ignore the existence of the law
enforcement proviso, or the factual context that inspired its
passage, when construing the discretionary-function excep-
tion. Whatever else is true of that exception, any interpre-
tation should allow for liability in the very cases Congress
amended the FTCA to remedy. See Van Buren v. United
States, (2021) (" 'When Congress amends
legislation, courts must presume it intends the change to
have real and substantial effect' "); see also Hungary v. Si-
mon, 604 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025) ( -- 16) (rely-
ing on a statute's " 'historical backdrop' " to " 'permit adjudi-
cation of claims' " that an earlier decision of this Court had
avoided).
* * *
On remand, the court should approach the discretionary-
function exception with an eye to both steps of the Gaubert
analysis and to the existence and context of the intentional-
tort exception's law enforcement proviso.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 1
Pages 42 -- 64

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
February 8, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
42 OCTOBER TERM, 2023

Syllabus

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOP-
MENT RURAL HOUSING SERVICE v. KIRTZ
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the third circuit
No. 22 -- 846. Argued November 6, 2023 -- Decided February 8, 2024
The Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1970, as amended by the Consumer
Credit Reporting Reform Act of 1996, allows consumers to sue lenders
who willfully or negligently supply false information about them to enti-
ties that generate credit reports. Respondent Reginald Kirtz secured
a loan from a division of the United States Department of Agriculture
and later sued the agency for money damages under the FCRA. Kirtz
alleged that the USDA falsely told TransUnion -- a credit reporting
agency -- that his account was past due, thus damaging his credit score
and his ability to secure loans at affordable rates. The USDA moved
to dismiss, invoking sovereign immunity. The District Court sided
with the USDA. The Third Circuit reversed, holding that 15 U. S. C.
and 1681o authorize suits for damages against "any person"
Page Proof Pending Publication
who violates the FCRA, and expressly defnes "person" to in-
clude "any" government agency. 46 F. 4th 159, 164 -- 166.
Held: A consumer may sue a federal agency for defying the FCRA's terms.
Pp. 48 -- 64.
(a) As a sovereign, the United States is generally immune from suits
seeking money damages unless Congress chooses to waive that immu-
nity. See, e. g., United States v. Testan,. To deter-
mine whether Congress has chosen to do so, this Court applies a "clear
statement" rule, permitting suit against the government only when "the
language of the statute" is "unmistakably clear" in allowing it. Kimel
v. Florida Bd. of Regents,.
Guided by these principles, this Court has found a clear waiver of
sovereign immunity "in only two situations." Financial Oversight and
Management Bd. for P. R. v. Centro De Periodismo Investigativo, Inc.,. "The frst is when a statute says... that it is
stripping immunity from a sovereign entity." Ibid. The second "is
when a statute creates a cause of action" and explicitly "authorizes suit
against a government on that claim." Ibid. Statutes in the second
category may not directly address sovereign immunity, but dismissing
a claim against the government would negate a claim specifcally author-
ized by Congress. Id., at 348; see Kimel,.
Applying these principles leads to the conclusion that the FCRA
clearly waives sovereign immunity in cases like this one. The FCRA's
 Cite as: (2024) 43

Syllabus

requirements apply to "person[s]" who, like the federal government
here, furnish information to consumer reporting agencies. -- 2(b).
Sections 1681n and 1681o create a cause of action for money damages to
consumers injured by "[a]ny person" who willfully or negligently fails
to comply with the statute's directive. Section 1681a provides a defni-
tion of "person" that includes "any... governmental... agency,", and that applies to the entire Act. That other statutory pro-
visions in the FCRA and elsewhere address the question of sovereign
immunity in arguably more obvious terms, see, e. g., does not
make the waiver of sovereign immunity in the provisions at issue here
any less clear. Pp. 48 -- 52.
(b) The government implies that a cause of action against the govern-
ment is insuffcient to effect a waiver unless accompanied by a separate
provision addressing sovereign immunity, but the Court has held that
sovereign immunity may be waived even without a separate waiver pro-
vision. Financial Oversight and Management Bd., 598 U. S., at 347.
Next, the government turns to the canon of superfuity to extrapolate a
new rule: A statute should not be read to waive sovereign immunity
unless doing so would leave it without any work to perform. Applying
its new rule should foreclose suit here, the government submits, because
allowing federal agencies a sovereign-immunity defense would not fore-
Page Proof Pending Publication
close every suit under and 1681o. But this Court has never
endorsed the notion that a statute may effect a waiver of sovereign
immunity only if that is the sole work it performs. The government
theorizes that this Court may not fnd a waiver of sovereign immunity
where substantive provisions like and 1681o merely cross-
reference a general defnition -- such as "persons" -- that includes both
sovereign and non-sovereign entities. Under this Court's precedents,
however, Congress need not "make its clear statement in a single sec-
tion." Kimel, 528 U. S., at 76. What matters is whether Congress has
authorized a waiver of sovereign immunity that is "clearly discernible"
from the sum total of its work. Lac du Flambeau Band of Lake Supe-
rior Chippewa Indians v. Coughlin,. Alternatively
still, the government points to Atascadero State Hospital v. Scanlon, and Employees of Dept. of Public Health and Welfare of
Mo. v. Department of Public Health and Welfare of Mo., as imposing more demanding rules a court must follow before fnding a
waiver of sovereign immunity. But these cases arise from a period in
which this Court's approach to sovereign immunity was very different
than it is today. Understood in this context, Atascadero stands only for
the proposition that Congress must, at a minimum, mention the govern-
ment when it wishes to scrap sovereign immunity and permit damages
claims. The FCRA meets that requirement. Employees is factually
distinguishable. Further, the Employees Court considered legislative
44 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Syllabus

history all but dispositive despite the statutory text, 411 U. S., at 283,
285, a methodological approach the Court has since repeatedly disa-
vowed. Pp. 52 -- 59.
(c) The government requests this Court to hold that and
1681o do not clearly waive sovereign immunity because they do not "un-
ambiguously incorporate" 's defnition of "person." But a court
must respect defnitions given by Congress as "virtually conclusive,"
Sturgeon v. Frost, deviating only when applying it
would be "incompatible with Congress'[s] regulatory scheme" or would
"destro[y] one of the statute's major purposes." Digital Realty Trust,
Inc. v. Somers, -- 164. The government cannot meet
that standard given that applying the Act's defnitional and civil liability
provisions as written to allow suits against federal agencies to proceed
seems consistent with the Act's goal of "ensur[ing] fair and accurate
credit reporting." Safeco Ins. Co. of America v. Burr,.
The government notes that giving 's defnition of "person" effect
in and 1681o would render "not just the federal government,
but also individual States" susceptible to consumer suits for money dam-
ages. Brief for Petitioner 33. The government fnds that result un-
thinkable because Congress enacted the FCRA pursuant to the Consti-
tution's Commerce Clause -- a provision this Court has held does not
Page Proof Pending Publication
endow Congress with the power to abrogate state sovereign immunity.
But none of that means the Court may disregard the statute's clear
terms, see Seminole Tribe of Fla. v. Florida,, even
if state defendants might have a valid constitutional defense to a suit
that the federal government does not.
The government next points to, a criminal-enforcement provi-
sion, to argue that because the federal government cannot be subjected
to criminal prosecution, it would be absurd to apply 's defnition
of "person" to that provision. Even if the government is right, the
power to correct for an absurdity "in one portion of a statute" does not
imply a "license to distort other provisions of the statute." NLRB v.
Health Care & Retirement Corp. of America,. And
the government provides no basis here to suggest that applying
's defnition in and 1681o would lead to absurd results.
Finally, the argument that the Privacy Act of 1974 covers some of the
same ground as the FCRA, and Congress had no reason to supplement
its remedies also fails. The government acknowledges that at least
some provisions of the FCRA apply to it, and the Court's duty when
two laws are complementary -- as is the case here -- is to give effect to
both. Pp. 59 -- 64.
46 F. 4th 159, affrmed.

Gorsuch, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.
 Cite as: (2024) 45

Opinion of the Court

Benjamin W. Snyder argued the cause for petitioner.
With him on the briefs were Solicitor General Prelogar,
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton,
Deputy Solicitor General Feigin, Mark B. Stern, Sarah Car-
roll, and David L. Peters.
Nandan M. Joshi argued the cause for respondent. With
him on the brief were Matthew B. Weisberg, Allison M.
Zieve, and Scott L. Nelson.*

Justice Gorsuch delivered the opinion of the Court.
A credit report can determine everything from whether a
person can secure a credit card, purchase a home, win a new
job, or start a small business. Recognizing the importance
of accuracy in credit reporting, Congress adopted the Fair
Credit Reporting Act in 1970 (FCRA). In its present form,
the Act allows consumers to sue private lenders who will-
fully or negligently supply false information about them to
agencies that generate credit reports. The question we face
Page Proof Pending Publication
is whether one of the Nation's largest lenders -- the federal
government -- is also susceptible to suit when it supplies false
information, or whether it may invoke sovereign immunity
to avoid liability.
I
This case arises from a loan Reginald Kirtz secured from
the Rural Housing Service. The Service, a division of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), "issues
loans to promote the development of safe and affordable
housing in rural communities." Kirtz v. Trans Union LLC,
46 F. 4th 159, 163 (CA3 2022). According to Mr. Kirtz, he
repaid his loan in full by mid-2018. See Amended Complaint
in No. 2:20 -- cv -- 05231 (ED Pa.), ECF Doc. 20, p. 3, ¶11. De-
spite this, the USDA repeatedly told TransUnion, a company
*Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Constitu-
tional Accountability Center by Elizabeth B. Wydra and Brianne J. Gorod;
and for the National Consumer Law Center et al. by Seth E. Mermin,
Jeffrey Gentes, Hannah Kieschnick, Ellen Noble, Chi Chi Wu, and Stu-
art Rossman.
46 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Opinion of the Court

engaged in the business of preparing consumer credit re-
ports, that his account was past due. Ibid., ¶12. These
misrepresentations damaged his credit score and threatened
his ability to secure future loans at affordable rates. See
id., at 3 -- 4, ¶¶12 -- 14. In an effort to resolve the problem,
Mr. Kirtz alerted TransUnion to the error, and the company,
in turn, notifed the USDA. Id., at 5, ¶¶16, 20. But,
Mr. Kirtz says, the USDA failed to take "any action to inves-
tigate or correct" its records. 46 F. 4th, at 163. So he even-
tually decided to sue the agency under the FCRA. Ibid.
As originally enacted in 1970, the FCRA focused largely
on two groups. First, it addressed "consumer reporting
agenc[ies]" like TransUnion, charging them with various new
duties designed to ensure the accuracy and confdentiality of
their work. See, e.g., 84 Stat. 1129, 1132; 15 U. S. C., 1681i. Second, it imposed new regulations on "per-
son[s]" who procure credit information from consumer re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
porting agencies. So, for example, the Act provided that a
"person" who requests "an investigative consumer report on
any consumer" must inform the consumer in writing "not
later than three days after the date on which the report was
frst requested." 84 Stat. 1130; see. The FCRA
proceeded to defne the term "person" broadly to "mea[n] any
individual, partnership, corporation, trust, estate, coopera-
tive, association, government or governmental subdivision or
agency, or other entity." 84 Stat. 1128; see. The
Act further authorized consumers to seek damages for viola-
tions of its terms, but only against consumer reporting agen-
cies and those who use the information they produce. 84
Stat. 1134; see, 1681o (1970 ed.).
In the Consumer Credit Reporting Reform Act of 1996,
Congress amended the FCRA to broaden its reach. As rele-
vant here, Congress added provisions addressing those who
furnish information to consumer reporting agencies. Refer-
encing the defnition of "person" it had adopted in 1970, Con-
gress instructed that, if a consumer disputes "the complete-
 Cite as: (2024) 47

Opinion of the Court

ness or accuracy" of his credit information, the "person" who
furnished it must investigate the matter and take steps to
correct any mistake. 110 Stat. 3009 -- 448; see -- 2(b).
To enforce these new duties, Congress revised the 1970 Act's
remedial provisions. Where it had once authorized con-
sumer suits against only consumer reporting agencies and
users of their information, Congress now authorized con-
sumer suits against "[a]ny person" who willfully or negli-
gently fails to comply with "any" of the law's "require-
ment[s]." 110 Stat. 3009 -- 446; see, 1681o(a).
Mr. Kirtz sought relief under these new provisions.
According to his complaint, the USDA furnished information
to TransUnion. The agency had notice that the information
it supplied was false. That false information impaired
Mr. Kirtz's ability to access affordable credit. Yet the
agency failed to take any steps to correct its mistake -- either
willfully (in violation of ) or negligently (in violation
Page Proof Pending Publication
of ). By way of remedy, Mr. Kirtz sought money
damages consistent with what the FCRA allows. See
Amended Complaint 12.
In response, the USDA moved to dismiss the complaint.
The agency did not dispute that allegations like Mr. Kirtz's
state a viable claim for relief. Instead, it pointed to this
Court's precedents holding that, as sovereign, the federal
government enjoys immunity from suits for money damages
unless Congress waives that immunity. And, the agency
contended, nothing in the FCRA purports to render the fed-
eral government amenable to suit. The district court sided
with the USDA, but the Third Circuit reversed. Speaking
for a unanimous panel, Judge Krause observed that 
and 1681o authorize suits for damages against "any person"
who violates the Act, and expressly defnes "person"
to include "any" government agency. 46 F. 4th, at 164 -- 166.
The question whether Mr. Kirtz may sue the federal gov-
ernment holds signifcance for many. A 2021 study cited by
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau "found that over
48 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Opinion of the Court

34% of consumers surveyed were able to identify at least
one error in their credit reports." 87 Fed. Reg. 64689 -- 64690
(2022). Mistakes like these can lead lenders to insist on
higher interest rates or other terms that make it "diffcult
or impossible" for consumers "to obtain a mortgage, auto
loan, student loan, or other credit." Id., at 64689. These
days, too, federal agencies are among " `the largest furnish-
ers of credit information' " to consumer reporting agencies.
Brief for Petitioner 38 (Thomas, J., dissenting
from denial of certiorari)). Yet the lower courts have
reached different views on the question whether federal
agencies are answerable under the FCRA for their mistakes.
Like the Third Circuit, the Seventh and D. C. Circuits have
held that the FCRA authorizes suits against government
agencies no less than it does private lenders. The Fourth
and Ninth Circuits, by contrast, have held that sovereign
immunity bars consumer suits against federal agencies. We
Page Proof Pending Publication
agreed to hear this case to resolve that conflict. 599
U. S. -- -- -- (2023).
II
The parties agree on the principles that guide our analysis
even as they disagree on the answer those principles yield.
Under this Court's precedents, both sides acknowledge, the
United States, as sovereign, is generally immune from suits
seeking money damages. See, e. g., United States v. Testan,
(1976). At the same time, Congress may
choose to waive that immunity. Ibid. But because the
power to waive the federal government's immunity is Con-
gress's prerogative, not ours, this Court applies a "clear
statement" rule. Under the rule's terms, we will permit a
suit against the government only when a statute "unmistak-
abl[y]" allows it. FAA v. Cooper, (2012).
"Congress need not state its intent in any particular way."
Ibid. It need not "use magic words." Ibid. Nor must it
"make its clear statement in a single section or in statutory
 Cite as: (2024) 49

Opinion of the Court

provisions enacted at the same time." Kimel v. Florida Bd.
of Regents, (2000). But, one way or another,
a waiver of sovereign immunity must be "unmistakably clear
in the language of the statute." Id., at 73 (internal quota-
tion marks omitted).
Necessarily, this inquiry trains on statutory text rather
than legislative history. Because "[a]ny ambiguities in the
statutory language are to be construed in favor of immu-
nity," no amount of legislative history can "supply a waiver
that is not clearly evident from the language of the statute."
Cooper, 566 U. S., at 290; accord, Lane v. Peña, (1996). Conversely, when an " `unmistakably clear' "
waiver of sovereign immunity appears in a statute, no
amount of legislative history can dislodge it. Dellmuth v.
Muth, (1989); see Food Marketing Institute
v. Argus Leader Media, (2019) ("Even
those of us who sometimes consult legislative history will
Page Proof Pending Publication
never allow it to be used to muddy the meaning of clear
statutory language" ).
Either way, then, a court charged with asking whether Con-
gress has spoken clearly has its answer long before it might
have reason to consult the Congressional Record.
To date, this Court has found a clear waiver of sovereign
immunity "in only two situations." Financial Oversight
and Management Bd. for P. R. v. Centro De Periodismo In-
vestigativo, Inc., (2023). "The frst is
when a statute says in so many words that it is stripping
immunity from a sovereign entity." Ibid. Congress has
employed this approach in the Bankruptcy Code, for exam-
ple, where it has stated that, "[n]otwithstanding an assertion
of sovereign immunity, sovereign immunity is abrogated as
to a governmental unit... with respect to" enumerated pro-
visions of the Code. 11 U. S. C.. The second situa-
tion "is when a statute creates a cause of action" and explic-
itly "authorizes suit against a government on that claim."
Financial Oversight and Management Bd., 598 U. S., at 347.
50 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Opinion of the Court

Statutes like these may not discuss sovereign immunity in
so many words. But dismissing a claim against the govern-
ment in these circumstances would effectively "negat[e]" a
claim Congress has clearly authorized. Id., at 348.
The Court encountered a statute falling into this second
category in Kimel,. That case involved the
question whether the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act of 1967 (ADEA) abrogated state sovereign immunity.
As originally enacted, the ADEA authorized employees to
bring claims against employers who discriminate based on
age. 29 U. S. C., 626(c)(1). A later amendment in-
corporated into the ADEA a provision of the Fair Labor
Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) that extended the right to
bring claims for age-based discrimination "against any em-
ployer (including a public agency)." ; see. And, elsewhere, the FLSA defned
" `[p]ublic agency' " to include "the government of a State or
Page Proof Pending Publication
political subdivision thereof " and "any agency of... a State,
or a political subdivision of a State.". In light of
these amendments and their cross-references, Kimel held,
the statute's "plain language... clearly demonstrate[d] Con-
gress['s] intent to subject the States to suit for money dam-
ages at the hands of individual employees." 528 U. S., at 74.
Guided by these principles, we think the Third Circuit
reached the right decision in this case: The FCRA effects
a clear waiver of sovereign immunity. In -- 2, the Act
requires "person[s]" who furnish information to consumer re-
porting agencies to investigate consumer complaints and
make any necessary corrections. 15 U. S. C. -- 2(b).
In and 1681o, the Act authorizes consumer suits for
money damages against "[a]ny person" who willfully or negli-
gently fails to comply with this directive.,
1681o(a). In, the Act defnes the term " `person' " to
include "any... governmental... agency.".
And the same provision instructs us to apply this defnition
throughout the entire "subchapter" where and
 Cite as: (2024) 51

Opinion of the Court

1681o appear.. Through this series of statutory
directions, no less than those we encountered in Kimel, Con-
gress has explicitly permitted consumer claims for damages
against the government. Dismissing suits like Mr. Kirtz's
would effectively "negat[e]" suits Congress has clearly au-
thorized. Financial Oversight and Management Bd., 598
U. S., at 348.
We need look no further to resolve this case. But if we
do, other portions of the FCRA point to the same conclusion.
Section 1681a(y) excludes from the defnition of "consumer
report" certain communications that are "not provided to
any person except... any Federal or State offcer, agency,
or department, or any offcer, agency, or department of a unit
of general local government." (Emphasis added.) Section
1681b requires a "person" who intends to take an "adverse
[employment] action" based on a consumer credit report to
provide the affected individual with a copy of the report un-
Page Proof Pending Publication
less "an agency or department of the United States Govern-
ment" seeks to use the report as part of a national security
investigation. (3)(A), (4)(A). Both provisions
thus exempt government agencies from the Act's otherwise-
broad defnition of "person" for particular reasons in particu-
lar contexts. All of which tends to confrm what the Act
tells us explicitly: Throughout the Act, the term "person"
includes the government unless otherwise noted. See
Southwest Airlines Co. v. Saxon, -- 458
(2022) (recounting the traditional canon of construction that
material variations in usage can illuminate a statute's
meaning).
To be sure, there are other provisions in the FCRA -- just
as there are elsewhere in the U. S. Code -- that address the
question of sovereign immunity in different and arguably
even more obvious terms. For example, Congress added
to the FCRA as part of the Intelligence Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 1996. See 109 Stat. 974. That pro-
vision allows the Federal Bureau of Investigation to access
52 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Opinion of the Court

consumer information, subject to a number of constraints.
See -- (d). At the same time, the statute indicates
that the failure to respect those constraints can expose "[a]ny
agency or department of the United States" to "liab[ility] to
the consumer" for money damages.. While no-
thing in discusses sovereign immunity as such, every-
one agrees its language clearly waives sovereign immunity.
None of that, however, makes the waiver of sovereign im-
munity refected in the provisions now before us any less
clear. "If no magic words are required" to waive sovereign
immunity, then the clarity of "each statute must be evaluated
on its own terms." Pennsylvania v. Union Gas Co., (1989). And the fact that Congress chose to
use certain language to waive sovereign immunity in one
amendment to the FCRA hardly means it was "foreclose[d]... from using different language to accomplish th[e] same
goal" in a different set of amendments to the same law. Lac
du Flambeau Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians v.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Coughlin, (2023). The question we must
answer is not whether, 1681n, and 1681o speak in
the same terms as. The only question we face is
whether those provisions speak clearly to the government's
liability. Because they do, that is the end of the matter.1
III
A
While the government largely accepts our understanding
of this Court's sovereign-immunity jurisprudence, it disputes
1
The differences between (on the one hand) and and
1681o (on the other) are in any event unremarkable. Section 1681u princi-
pally concerns the liability of the United States. Understandably, then,
Congress singled out the United States by name in that section. Sections
1681n and 1681o, by contrast, address the liability of a broad array of
government agencies, corporations, and natural persons. Understandably
then, too, Congress chose a parsimonious approach in these sections by
employing the term "person[s]" -- one defnes capaciously enough
to capture them all.
 Cite as: (2024) 53

Opinion of the Court

some of the fner points. As an initial matter, the govern-
ment asserts that, "to impose liability on a sovereign, a plain-
tiff must identify both a `source of substantive law' that `pro-
vides an avenue for relief ' and `a waiver of sovereign
immunity.' " Brief for Petitioner 14 ). The implication is that a
cause of action explicitly against the government is insuff-
cient unless accompanied by a separate provision addressing
sovereign immunity. See Brief for Petitioner 14.
That implication is incorrect. At the risk of repeating
ourselves, a cause of action authorizing suit against the gov-
ernment may waive sovereign immunity even without a sep-
arate waiver provision. Financial Oversight and Manage-
ment Bd., 598 U. S., at 347; see, e.g., Seminole Tribe of Fla.
v. Florida, -- 57 (1996) (Congress abrogated
state sovereign immunity when it explicitly authorized a
cause of action against "Stat[es]," despite the absence of a
Page Proof Pending Publication
separate waiver provision). Nor does FDIC v. Meyer,
where this Court refused to recognize an implied cause of
action, say anything to the contrary. See 510 U. S., at 484.
The government must know as much. Why else would it
hold out -- a section that contains an express cause of
action against the government but no separate waiver provi-
sion -- as "a model for authorizing suits against the United
States"? Brief for Petitioner 34.
Changing tack but pursuing the same end, the government
points to the canon against superfuity. Proper respect for
Congress cautions courts against lightly assuming that any
of the statutory terms it has chosen to employ are "superfu-
ous" or "void" of signifcance. TRW Inc. v. Andrews, (2001).
From this familiar teaching, the government seeks to extrap-
olate a new rule: A provision can waive sovereign immunity
only if that provision would have no other role to play in the
statutory scheme. Brief for Petitioner 20 -- 21. That rule
should foreclose suit here, the government submits, because
54 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Opinion of the Court

allowing federal agencies a sovereign-immunity defense
would not foreclose every suit under and 1681o.
See id., at 24. After all, even if consumers injured by gov-
ernment agencies could not seek relief under these provi-
sions, other consumers harmed by private creditors still
could. See ibid.
We cannot agree with this suggestion any more than the
last. The canon against rendering statutory terms a nullity
has a long lineage. But this Court has never endorsed the
notion that a statute may effect a waiver of sovereign immu-
nity only if that is the sole work it performs. Doing so
would (again) effectively force Congress to address sover-
eign immunity in so many words in a discrete statutory pro-
vision. It would come perilously close, as well, to imposing
a "magic-words" requirement. For good reason, then, the
government's supposed rule appears in none of the decisions
it directs us to -- not in Seminole Tribe of Fla., Page Proof Pending Publication
not in Kimel, and not in Nevada Dept. of
Human Resources v. Hibbs, (2003). See Brief
for Petitioner 18 -- 19.
The government has another theory to offer. We may not
fnd a waiver of sovereign immunity, it suggests, "when a
cause of action merely cross-references a general defnition
that includes sovereigns along with non-sovereigns." Id., at
22. Running with this idea, the government concedes that
Congress would have clearly waived sovereign immunity if it
had "plug[ged]" the full defnition of "persons" from 
directly into and 1681o. Tr. of Oral Arg. 7; accord,
Brief for Petitioner 22. But, the government argues, a
waiver of sovereign immunity cannot be effected by reading
these provisions in combination.
This theory encounters its own diffculties. Under this
Court's precedents, Congress need not "make its clear state-
ment in a single section" adopted at a single moment in time.
Kimel, 528 U. S., at 76. Instead, what matters is whether
Congress has authorized a waiver of sovereign immunity
 Cite as: (2024) 55

Opinion of the Court

that is "clearly discernible" from the sum total of its work.
Lac du Flambeau, 599 U. S., at 388. Were the rule otherwise, large swathes of our
modern sovereign-immunity case law would be cast into
doubt. After all, in Kimel this Court relied on the ADEA's
incorporation of the FLSA's enforcement provision, and the
latter provision's incorporation, in turn, of a separate defni-
tional provision. See 528 U. S., at 73 -- 75. In Union Gas,
the Court relied on the defnition of "person" in the Compre-
hensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-
ity Act of 1980 along with other clues from surrounding stat-
utory provisions. 491 U. S., at 7 -- 10. And in Seminole
Tribe we "confrm[ed]" the "clear statement in one statutory
subsection by looking to provisions in [an]other subsection."
Kimel, 528 U. S., at 104 -- 105 (Thomas, J., concurring in part
and dissenting in part).
Page Proof Pending Publication
Alternatively still, the government points to Atascadero
State Hospital v. Scanlon, (1985), and Employ-
ees of Dept. of Public Health and Welfare of Mo. v. Depart-
ment of Public Health and Welfare of Mo., 
(1973). These cases, the government insists, impose still
other and more demanding rules a court must follow before
fnding a waiver of sovereign immunity. See Brief for Peti-
tioner 21, 25.
To appreciate the problem with this line of thinking, some
background helps. For a period in the mid-20th century,
this Court's approach to sovereign immunity looked consid-
erably different than it does today (or did before). Back
then, in cases like Parden v. Terminal R. Co. of Ala. Docks
Dept., (1964), this Court was content to do away
with state sovereign immunity without clear authorization
from Congress. Instead, the Court would infer a congres-
sional intention to abrogate immunity from statutory text
that made no mention of the government, id., at 187, 199
(White, J., dissenting), sometimes resting on clues found in
56 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Opinion of the Court

legislative history, see, e.g., Hutto v. Finney, (1978). In time, the Court began to break from this ap-
proach. See College Savings Bank v. Florida Prepaid Post-
secondary Ed. Expense Bd., -- 678 (1999).
But decades passed before the Court defnitively repudiated
Parden. See, e.g., Welch v. Texas Dept. of Highways and
Public Transp., (1987) (indicating that
later decisions had implicitly overruled Parden, but explic-
itly overruling Parden for good measure); Dellmuth, 491
U. S., at 230 (rejecting the use of legislative history when
assessing whether Congress abrogated sovereign immunity);
College Savings Bank, 527 U. S., at 680 (overruling "[w]hat-
ever may remain of our decision in Parden").
Atascadero was one of the decisions issued during the
course of this journey -- and it does nothing to help the gov-
ernment's cause. In Parden, the Court had held that a pri-
vate individual could sue "a railroad owned and operated by
Page Proof Pending Publication
Alabama... under the Federal Employers' Liability Act."
College Savings Bank, 527 U. S., at 676. This was so "[d]e-
spite the absence of any provision in the statute specifcally
referring to the States." Ibid. Why? Because the Act
applied "to `every' common carrier by railroad in interstate
commerce," and Alabama's railroad met that description.
Parden, 377 U. S., at 187. When later faced with a similar
statute -- one that permitted suit against " `any recipient of
Federal assistance' " -- the Atascadero Court rejected Par-
den's reasoning, holding that this sort of "general authoriza-
tion for suit in federal court is not the kind of unequivocal
statutory language suffcient to abrogate" state sovereign
immunity. 473 U. S., at 245 -- 246. "When Congress chooses
to subject the States to federal jurisdiction," the Court con-
tinued, "it must do so specifcally." Id., at 246. Understood
in context, then, Atascadero stands only for the now-familiar
proposition that Congress must, at a minimum, mention the
government when it wishes to scrap sovereign immunity
 Cite as: (2024) 57

Opinion of the Court

and permit claims for damages. The decision does not -- 
contrary to the government's submission -- counsel against
recognizing a waiver of sovereign immunity when Congress
authorizes suit against "any person" and takes the further
step of expressly defning that term to include "any... gov-
ernment... agency."
Employees was another case decided during the long re-
treat from Parden. And, on frst encounter, it might seem
more promising for the government. That case concerned
the FLSA, which authorizes actions against "employer[s]"
for unpaid overtime, and the question whether that law
clearly permitted suit against state agencies. See Employ-
ees, 411 U. S., at 282. As originally drafted, the Act defned
the term "employer" to exclude state agencies. Ibid. But
a later amendment to the statute's defnitional section
brought some state agencies within its reach. Id., at 282 -- 
283. Recognizing that "the literal language" of the Act as
Page Proof Pending Publication
amended covered some state agencies, the Court neverthe-
less concluded that Congress had not spoken clearly enough
to abrogate state sovereign immunity. See id., at 283, 285.
As the government sees it, the same logic applies with equal
force here. Brief for Petitioner 25 -- 28.
By its own terms, however, Employees is distinguishable.
The Employees Court stressed that, while Congress
amended the defnitional section of the FLSA to include
States, it had not made any changes to the underlying liabil-
ity provision. And, the Court reasoned, "it would be sur-
prising" to think Congress meant to deprive a State of im-
munity on the basis of a change to a defnitional section
alone, without any accompanying change to the pertinent lia-
bility provision. 411 U. S., at 285. But what the FLSA lacked, the FCRA supplies.
As we have seen, Congress did amend the FCRA's liability
provisions in 1996. In doing so, Congress replaced the nar-
row class of defendants originally subject to suit for money
58 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Opinion of the Court

damages -- consumer reporting agencies and users of the in-
formation they supply. See Part I, supra; 84 Stat. 1134;, 1681o (1970 ed.). In its stead, Congress provided
that a different and much larger class of defendants -- "[a]ny
person," 110 Stat. 3009 -- 446 -- may be sued for violating "any
requirement" of the FCRA., 1681o(a). And
from the statute's start, Congress has defned the term "per-
son" to include "any" government agency. 84 Stat. 1128;
see.
There is another problem with the government's invoca-
tion of Employees. Despite recognizing that "the literal
language of the" FLSA permitted suits against States, the
Employees Court considered it all but dispositive that it
could not fnd "a word" in the Act's legislative history indi-
cating that Congress wanted "to make it possible for a citizen
of that State or another State to sue the State in the federal
courts." 411 U. S., at 283, 285. As should be clear by now,
Page Proof Pending Publication
that is not how this Court's contemporary sovereign-immunity
doctrine works. With time, this Court has resolved that our
task is to look for "a clear statement in the text of the stat-
ute." Sossamon v. Texas, (2011). And
just as it is error to displace sovereign immunity based on
inferences from legislative history without clear statutory
direction (Parden), so it is error to grant sovereign immunity
based on inferences from legislative history in the face of
clear statutory direction waiving that immunity (Employ-
ees). The government itself has elsewhere recognized that
such notions are "relic[s] from a `bygone era of statutory con-
struction.' " Food Marketing Institute, 588 U. S., at 437.
In saying this much, we do not wash our hands of Employ-
ees. No one before us questions that the decision is entitled
to stare decisis effect with respect to the portions of the
FLSA it addressed. We recognize only that the Court has
since repeatedly disavowed the decision's methodological ap-
 Cite as: (2024) 59

Opinion of the Court

proach and cautioned against its use when considering claims
of sovereign immunity in other contexts.2

B
In a fnal set of arguments, the government pursues a dif-
ferent theme. Now accepting the contemporary sovereign-
immunity principles we have outlined, the government
contends the provisions of the FCRA before us are still in-
suffcient to abrogate immunity. Here, the government ac-
knowledges that and 1681o expressly authorize suits
against "any person." It acknowledges that ex-
pressly defnes "person" to include "any" federal agency.
But the government asks us to hold that and 1681o
do not clearly waive sovereign immunity because they do not
"unambiguously incorporate" 's defnition. Brief for
Petitioner 28.
That is no small ask. When Congress takes the trouble
to defne the terms it uses, a court must respect its defni-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tions as "virtually conclusive." Sturgeon v. Frost, (2019). This
Court will not deviate from an express statutory defnition
merely because it "varies from [the] term's ordinary mean-
ing." Digital Realty Trust, Inc. v. Somers, (2018). Nor will we disregard a statutory defnition sim-
ply because the question before us happens to involve sover-
eign immunity. See Seminole Tribe, 517 U. S., at 57,.
2
Employees also appears to have rested in part on the Court's views
about the constraints Congress faces when seeking to abrogate state
sovereign immunity, given the Constitution's federal structure and the
Eleventh Amendment. 411 U. S., at 284; see id., at 288 (Marshall, J., con-
curring in result) (noting "[p]ortions of the Court's opinion convey th[at]
impression"). It is yet another point of distinction between our case and
that one. We do not face today any question about Congress's power
under the Constitution to abrogate state sovereign immunity, only a claim
against the USDA, a federal agency whose immunity Congress is free to
waive as it wishes. See United States v. Nordic Village, Inc., (1992).
60 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Opinion of the Court

Rather, this Court has said it will deviate from a statutory
defnition only when applying the defnition would be "in-
compatible with Congress['s] regulatory scheme" or would
"destro[y] one of the statute's major purposes." Digital
Realty Trust, 583 U. S., at 163 -- 164 (internal quotation marks
and alterations omitted).
The government does not even try to meet that standard
in this case. How could it? The government acknowledges
that federal agencies are among " `the largest furnishers of
credit information in the country.' " Brief for Petitioner 38
).
So applying the Act's defnitional and civil liability provisions
as written and allowing suits against federal agencies to pro-
ceed would, if anything, seem consistent with the Act's goal
of "ensur[ing] fair and accurate credit reporting." Safeco
Ins. Co. of America v. Burr, (2007).
Recognizing this problem, the government suggests a dif-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ferent kind of "[i]ncongruit[y]" would arise if and
1681o incorporated 's defnition of "person." Brief
for Petitioner 33. The government focuses on the fact that
's defnition of "person" includes not just federal agen-
cies but state entities as well. So giving that defnition ef-
fect in and 1681o would render "not just the federal
government, but also individual States" susceptible to con-
sumer suits for money damages. Ibid. And that result, the
government contends, is unthinkable. Unthinkable because
Congress enacted the FCRA pursuant to the Constitution's
Commerce Clause -- a provision this Court has held does not
endow Congress with the power to abrogate state sovereign
immunity. Id., at 34; see Florida Prepaid Postsecondary
Ed. Expense Bd. v. College Savings Bank, 
(1999) ("Congress may not abrogate state sovereign immu-
nity" through "the Commerce Clause").
While the premise of the government's argument is cor-
rect, its conclusion is not. If the FCRA is a piece of Com-
 Cite as: (2024) 61

Opinion of the Court

merce Clause legislation, the waiver of sovereign immunity
effected by and 1681o might be constitutionally in-
valid as applied against individual States. But none of that
means we may disregard the statute's clear terms. See
Seminole Tribe, 517 U. S., at 57, ("We already have found
the clear statement rule satisfed, and that fnding renders
the preference for avoiding a constitutional question inappli-
cable"); United States v. Oakland Cannabis Buyers' Cooper-
ative, (2001) ("[T]he canon of constitutional
avoidance has no application in the absence of statutory am-
biguity"). Instead, we ask two distinct questions in cases
involving claims of state sovereign immunity: "frst, whether
Congress unequivocally expressed its intent to abrogate that
immunity; and second, if it did, whether Congress acted pur-
suant to a valid grant of constitutional authority." Kimel,
528 U. S., at 73. Often, this Court has found, a federal stat-
ute does clearly seek to abrogate a State's immunity but
Page Proof Pending Publication
lacks constitutional authority to accomplish that objective.
See, e.g., id., at 67; Seminole Tribe, 517 U. S., at 47; Allen v.
Cooper, -- 256 (2020). Analytically, today's
case is no different. "[P]erson" means what the FCRA says
it means, even if state defendants might be able to raise a
valid constitutional defense to a consumer suit that the fed-
eral government cannot.
Perhaps recognizing as much, the government pivots to a
discussion of the Act's other enforcement mechanisms.
Most notably, the government points to, which makes
it a crime -- punishable by a fne, imprisonment, or both -- for
"[a]ny person" to "knowingly and willfully obtai[n]" con-
sumer information "under false pretenses." As the govern-
ment sees it, the term "person" in this provision cannot pos-
sibly bear its statutory defnition because it is "absur[d]" to
think Congress might have authorized criminal enforcement
against federal agencies. Brief for Petitioner 31. What's more, the government
62 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Opinion of the Court

submits, because the term "person" cannot include "govern-
ment" in, it cannot include "government" in 
and 1681o either. Id., at 30 -- 31.
Again, however, that much does not follow. Suppose, as
the Third Circuit did when analyzing Mr. Kirtz's claim, that
"[i]t would be absurd... to subject the federal government
to criminal prosecution." 46 F. 4th, at 171 -- 172. Suppose,
too, that this absurdity supplies the exceptional reason nec-
essary to deviate from 's defnition of "person" in
's criminal-enforcement provision. Even spotting the
government that much for argument's sake, absurdity is not
contagious: The power to correct for an absurdity "in one
portion of a statute" does not imply a "license to distort
other provisions of the statute." NLRB v. Health Care &
Retirement Corp. of America, (1994).
And the government offers no basis for us to think that
applying 's defnition to the Act's consumer-suit provi-
sions in and 1681o -- as opposed to its criminal provi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sions in -- would lead to absurd results. Our obliga-
tion therefore remains "to enforce" the statutes presently
before us, each "according to its terms." Hartford Under-
writers Ins. Co. v. Union Planters Bank, N. A., (2000).
Consider the alternative. If we could ignore 's
defnition of "person" when it comes to and 1681o
simply because applying that defnition to other statutory
provisions could lead to absurd results, where would
's defnition apply? Before the Seventh Circuit, the
government proposed this solution: treating federal agencies
as "person[s]" subject to all the Act's "substantive require-
ments" but exempt from any of its liability provisions.
Bormes v. United States, 759 F. 3d 793, 795 (2014). That
kind of "wholly artifcial," if surely convenient, distinction
lacks any grounding in the statutory text, 46 F. 4th, at 166,
and has no proper place in our jurisprudence, cf. Niz-Chavez
v. Garland, (2021) ("[W]ords are how the
law constrains power").
 Cite as: (2024) 63

Opinion of the Court

Venturing even further from the relevant statutory text,
the government offers one last argument. It observes that
the Privacy Act of 1974 covers some of the same ground we
attribute to the FCRA. Passed "to protect the privacy of
individuals identifed in [federal] information systems," 88
Stat. 1896, the Privacy Act addresses the government's re-
tention and disclosure of personal information, see 5 U. S. C., including the disclosure of that information to con-
sumer reporting agencies, see 31 U. S. C.. If a fed-
eral agency supplies inaccurate information, the Privacy Act
allows individuals to seek a court order requiring it to cor-
rect its records. See 5 U. S. C. (1) -- (2). Money
damages are also sometimes available. (4). Be-
cause these remedies have long been available to address
agency misconduct under the Privacy Act, the government
reasons, there was no reason for Congress to supplement
them with additional remedies under the FCRA.
That's an unusual argument. Even the government con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cedes that, the Privacy Act notwithstanding, it is subject to
and liable under at least some provisions of the FCRA.
E. g., Brief for Petitioner 34 -- 35 (conceding the government
may be held liable under ); id., at 28 ("Sometimes,"
the Act's "use of the word `person'... refers to the default
statutory defnition in [§ ]1681a(b)"). Nor is the need to jug-
gle multiple and sometimes overlapping legal obligations an
unusual feature of contemporary American life for the gov-
ernment any more than it is for the governed. Recognizing
this fact -- and mindful our role is to apply the law, not re-
write it -- we approach federal statutes touching on the same
topic with a "strong presumption" they can coexist harmoni-
ously. See Epic Systems Corp. v. Lewis, 
(2018) (internal quotation marks and alterations omitted).
Only by carrying a "heavy burden" can a party convince us
that one statute "displaces" a second. Ibid. Where two
laws are merely complementary -- as is undisputedly the case
here -- our duty lies not in preferring one over another but
in giving effect to both. Gallardo v. Marstiller, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT
RURAL HOUSING SERV. v. KIRTZ
Opinion of the Court

420, 432 (2022); see 46 F. 4th, at 176 ("USDA has not identi-
fed any actual inconsistency between the Privacy Act and
the [FCRA]").
*
The Executive Branch may question the wisdom of holding
federal agencies accountable for their violations of the Fair
Credit Reporting Act; certainly the many and resourceful
arguments it advances today suggest as much. But Con-
gress's judgment commands our respect and the law it has
adopted speaks clearly: A consumer may sue "any" federal
agency for defying the law's terms. Because it faithfully fol-
lowed this legislative direction, the judgment of the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit is
Affrmed.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 43, line 6: "government" is replaced with "governmental"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 1
Pages 234 -- 245

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
March 19, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
234 OCTOBER TERM, 2023

Syllabus

FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION et al. v.
FIKRE

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the ninth circuit
No. 22 -- 1178. Argued January 8, 2024 -- Decided March 19, 2024
Respondent Yonas Fikre, a U. S. citizen and Sudanese emigree, brought
suit alleging that the government placed him on the No Fly List unlaw-
fully. In his complaint, Mr. Fikre alleged that he traveled from his
home in Portland, Oregon, to Sudan in 2009 to pursue business opportu-
nities there. At a visit to the U. S. embassy, two FBI agents informed
Mr. Fikre that he could not return to the United States because the
government had placed him on the No Fly List. The agents questioned
him extensively about the Portland mosque he attended, and they of-
fered to take steps to remove him from the No Fly List if he agreed to
become an FBI informant and to report on other members of his reli-
gious community. Mr. Fikre refused. He then traveled to the United
Arab Emirates, where he alleges authorities interrogated and detained
Page Proof Pending Publication
him for 106 days at the behest of the FBI. Unable to fy back to the
United States, he ended up in Sweden, where he remained until Febru-
ary 2015. While there, he fled this suit, alleging that the government
had violated his rights to procedural due process by failing to provide
either meaningful notice of his addition to the No Fly List or any appro-
priate way to secure redress. He further alleged that the government
had placed him on the list for constitutionally impermissible reasons
related to his race, national origin, and religious beliefs. Mr. Fikre
sought, among other things, an injunction prohibiting the government
from keeping him on the No Fly List and a declaratory judgment con-
frming the government had violated his rights. In May 2016, the gov-
ernment notifed Mr. Fikre that he had been removed from the No Fly
List and sought dismissal of his suit in district court, arguing that its
administrative action had rendered the case moot. The district court
agreed with the government, but the Ninth Circuit reversed, holding
that a party seeking to moot a case based on its own voluntary cessation
of challenged conduct must show that the conduct cannot "reasonably be
expected to recur." 904 F. 3d 1033, 1039. On remand, the government
submitted a declaration asserting that, based on the currently available
information, Mr. Fikre would not be placed on the No Fly List in the
future, and the district court again dismissed Mr. Fikre's claim as moot.
The Ninth Circuit once again reversed, holding that the government had
failed to meet its burden because the declaration did not disclose the
 Cite as: (2024) 235

Syllabus

conduct that landed Mr. Fikre on the No Fly List and did not ensure
that he would not be placed back on the list for engaging in the same
or similar conduct in the future. 35 F. 4th 762, 770 -- 772.
Held: The government has failed to demonstrate that this case is moot.
A court with jurisdiction has a "virtually unfagging obligation" to hear
and resolve questions properly before it. Colorado River Water Con-
servation Dist. v. United States,. But the converse
is also true as a federal court must dismiss a case that is moot. Al-
ready, LLC v. Nike, Inc.,. The limited authority vested
in federal courts by Article III of the U. S. Constitution to decide cases
and controversies means that federal courts may no more pronounce on
past actions that have no "continuing effect" in the world than they may
neglect their obligation to hear and resolve questions properly before
them. Spencer v. Kemna,. This does not imply that a
defendant may "automatically moot a case" by the simple expedient of
suspending its challenged conduct after it is sued. Instead, a defend-
ant's "voluntary cessation of a challenged practice" will moot a case
only if the defendant can show that the practice cannot "reasonably be
expected to recur." Friends of the Earth, Inc. v. Laidlaw Environ-
mental Services (TOC), Inc.,. This standard holds
for governmental defendants no less than for private ones. Applying
Page Proof Pending Publication
these principles to the uncontested factual allegations here, this case is
not moot. While the government's representation that it will not relist
Mr. Fikre may mean that his past conduct is not enough to warrant
relisting, that does not speak to whether the government might relist
him if he engages in the same or similar conduct in the future. The
government contends that because Mr. Fikre has been delisted since
2016 and has presumably interacted freely with his co-religionists dur-
ing that time, it is unlikely he will face relisting in the future. This too
is insuffcient to warrant dismissal. A defendant's speculation about a
plaintiff 's actions cannot make up for a lack of assurance about its own.
The burden here is on the defendant to establish that it cannot reason-
ably be expected to resume its challenged conduct, see West Virginia
v. EPA, and nothing the government offers here satis-
fes that formidable standard. The government claims the Ninth Cir-
cuit erred by requiring it to repudiate its past conduct to prove moot-
ness, but what matters is not whether a defendant repudiates its past
actions, but what the defendant can prove about its future conduct.
Coming as this case does in a preliminary posture, the Court's judgment
is a necessarily provisional one. As the complaint's allegations are tes-
ted, different facts may emerge that may call for a different result. But
adhering to traditional mootness principles, the government has so far
failed to meet its burden. Pp. 240 -- 245.
35 F. 4th 762, affrmed.
236 FBI v. FIKRE

Opinion of the Court

Gorsuch, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Alito, J.,
fled a concurring opinion, in which Kavanaugh, J., joined, post, p. 245.

Sopan Joshi argued the cause for petitioners. With him
on the briefs were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal
Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solic-
itor General Kneedler, and Sharon Swingle.
Gadeir Abbas argued the cause for respondent. With him
on the brief were Lindsay C. Harrison, Lena Masri, Justin
Sadowsky, Hannah Mullen, Andrianna D. Kastanek, Benja-
min D. Alter, David A. Strauss, and Sarah M. Konsky.*

Justice Gorsuch delivered the opinion of the Court.
Yonas Fikre, a U. S. citizen, brought suit alleging that the
government placed him on the No Fly List unlawfully.
Later, the government removed him from the list. The only
question we are asked to decide is whether the government's
action suffces to render Mr. Fikre's claims moot.
Page Proof Pending Publication
I
A
In the aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terrorist at-
tacks, the federal government rapidly expanded its No Fly

*Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the American
Civil Liberties Union et al. by Hina Shamsi, Cecillia D. Wang, and An-
drew Kim; for Asian Americans Advancing Justice et al. by Koren Bell,
Michael J. Gottlieb, Mark T. Stancil, and Niyati Shah; for the Cato Insti-
tute by Russ Falconer, Daniel R. Adler, Matt Aidan Getz, and Clark M.
Neily III; for the Constitutional Law Center for Muslims in America by
Christina A. Jump and Chelsea G. Glover; for the Institute for Justice by
Samuel B. Gedge; for the Liberty Justice Center by Jacob Huebert; for
the Sikh Coalition et al. by John M. Reeves, Kelly Shackelford, Jeff Ma-
teer, David Hacker, and Hiram Sasser; and for Patrick G. Eddington by
Anastasia P. Boden and Thomas A. Berry.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the Becket Fund for Religious
Liberty by Joseph C. Davis; and for Restore the Fourth, Inc., et al., by
Mahesha P. Subbaraman.
 Cite as: (2024) 237

Opinion of the Court

List. By 2016, the government forbade approximately
81,000 individuals from fying into, out of, within, or over the
United States. Brief for American Civil Liberties Union
et al. as Amici Curiae 5. Many of the details surrounding
the No Fly List are not publicly available. Some are classi-
fed, and it appears no statute or publicly promulgated regu-
lation describes the standards the government employs when
adding individuals to, or removing them from, the list. Id.,
at 6.
In his complaint, Mr. Fikre challenged his placement on
the No Fly List. In support of his suit, he pleaded a number
of facts. Those as-yet uncontested factual allegations, the
truth of which we do not pass upon, aver as follows:*
When he was a child and war broke out in his home coun-
try of Eritrea, Mr. Fikre and his family moved to Sudan be-
fore eventually immigrating to the United States. App. to
Pet. for Cert. 126a, Seventh Amended Complaint ¶4; id., at
137a, ¶51. In time, Mr. Fikre became a U. S. citizen, and as
Page Proof Pending Publication
an adult he lived in Portland, Oregon. Id., at 137a -- 138a,
¶¶51 -- 52. After working for an American cell phone com-
pany, he decided to start his own business involving the dis-
tribution and retail sale of consumer electronic products in
his native East Africa. Id., at 138a, ¶52. In pursuit of this
new venture, he traveled to Sudan in late 2009 where some
of his extended family still lived. Ibid.
On arrival, Mr. Fikre informed U. S. offcials of his interest
in pursuing business opportunities in the country. Ibid.
Eventually, he received an invitation to the U. S. embassy -- 
ostensibly for a luncheon. Id., at 138a -- 139a, ¶¶53 -- 55. But,

*Responding to Mr. Fikre's complaint with a motion to dismiss for lack
of jurisdiction, the government did not contest his factual allegations, and
the courts below thus assumed their truth. See Gibbs v. Buck, (1939); 5C C. Wright & A. Miller, Federal Practice and Procedure, p. 107 (3d ed. 2004) ("The general rule" for Rule 12(b)(1) motions
challenging subject-matter jurisdiction is to take allegations "as true un-
less denied or controverted by the movant"). We do the same.
238 FBI v. FIKRE

Opinion of the Court

once there, Fikre was whisked instead to a small meeting
room with two FBI agents. Id., at 139a, ¶¶55 -- 56. The
agents told him that the government had placed him on the
No Fly List, so he "could not return to the United States."
Ibid., ¶57. The agents then questioned him "extensively
about the events, activities, and leadership" of the Portland
mosque he attended. Ibid., ¶58. They asked him to serve
as an FBI informant and report on other members of his
religious community, offering to "take steps to remove [him]
from the No Fly List" if he agreed. Id., at 140a, ¶59.
Mr. Fikre refused and eventually departed. Ibid. The
next day, an agent told him over the phone that, " `[w]hen-
ever you want to go home[,] you come to the embassy.' " Id.,
at 140a -- 141a, ¶62. Mr. Fikre took this to mean that he
"would not be removed from the No Fly List and he could
not travel to the United States unless he became" an FBI
informant. Id., at 141a, ¶62.
Several weeks later, Mr. Fikre traveled to the United Arab
Page Proof Pending Publication
Emirates to advance his business plans. Id., at 142a, ¶68.
Eventually, however, authorities there "arrested, impris-
oned, and tortured him." 35 F. 4th 762, 766 (CA9 2022);
App. to Pet. for Cert. 142a -- 143a, Seventh Amended Com-
plaint ¶¶69 -- 71. They interrogated him, too, about his Port-
land mosque, its events, leader, and fundraising activities.
Id., at 143a, ¶72. One interrogator told Mr. Fikre that the
FBI had solicited his interrogation and detention. Id., at
147a, ¶88. After holding him for 106 days, authorities ar-
ranged to have Mr. Fikre fown to Sweden where he had a
relative. Id., at 147a, ¶86, 148a, ¶90. He remained there
until February 2015, when the Swedish government re-
turned him to Portland by private jet. Id., at 152a, ¶105.

B
While still in Sweden, Mr. Fikre fled this suit. In his
complaint, he alleged that the government had violated his
rights to procedural due process by failing to provide any
 Cite as: (2024) 239

Opinion of the Court

meaningful notice of his addition to the No Fly List, any
information about the factual basis for his listing, and any
appropriate way to secure redress. Id., at 165a, ¶164. Fur-
ther, he claimed, the government had placed him on the list
for constitutionally impermissible reasons, including his race,
national origin, and religious beliefs. Id., at 168a, ¶176.
By way of relief, he sought a declaratory judgment confrm-
ing that the government had violated his rights, as well as
an injunction prohibiting it from keeping him on the No Fly
List. Id., at 169a -- 170a.
Eventually, in May 2016, the government notified
Mr. Fikre that it had removed him from the No Fly List.
No explanation accompanied the decision. See Notice Re-
garding Plaintiff 's Status in No. 3:13 -- cv -- 899 (D Ore.), ECF
Doc. 98, p. 1. But, in court, the government argued that its
administrative action rendered his lawsuit moot; even ac-
cepting all his allegations as true, the government said, dis-
Page Proof Pending Publication
missal had to follow as a matter of law. Supp. Memorandum
Regarding Plaintiff 's Removal From the No Fly List, ECF
Doc. 104, pp. 2 -- 4.
The district court agreed with the government's assess-
ment, but the Ninth Circuit reversed. 904 F. 3d 1033 (2018).
When a party seeks to moot a case based on its own volun-
tary cessation of challenged conduct, the Ninth Circuit held,
it must show that its " `allegedly wrongful behavior' " cannot
" `reasonably be expected to recur.' " Id., at 1039. And, the
court continued, the government's "mere announcement that
Fikre was removed" from the No Fly List fell short of sat-
isfying this standard. Ibid.
On remand, the government tried again. Once more, it
did not contest the truth of Mr. Fikre's allegations concern-
ing his experiences. See Memorandum in Support of De-
fendants' Motion To Dismiss in No. 3:13 -- cv -- 899 (D Ore.),
ECF Doc. 146, pp. 21 -- 23. But, this time, the government
relied on a declaration from Christopher R. Courtright, the
Acting Deputy Director for Operations of the Terrorist
240 FBI v. FIKRE

Opinion of the Court

Screening Center. The declaration represented that
Mr. Fikre "will not be placed on the No Fly List in the future
based on the currently available information." App. to Pet.
for Cert. 118a, ¶5. Persuaded by the government's latest
motion, the district court again dismissed Mr. Fikre's claims
as moot. 35 F. 4th, at 769.
Again, however, the Ninth Circuit reversed. The govern-
ment's declaration might mean that Mr. Fikre "will not be
placed on the No Fly List now based on what he did in the
past." Id., at 772. But, the Ninth Circuit reasoned, the
declaration does not disclose what conduct landed Mr. Fikre
on the No Fly List, and it does not ensure that he will "not
be placed on the List if... he... engag[es] in the same or
similar conduct" in the future. Ibid. As a result, the court
concluded, the government had still failed to meet its burden
of establishing that its allegedly unlawful conduct cannot
" `reasonably be expected to recur.' " Id., at 770.
Shortly after the Ninth Circuit issued its decision, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Fourth Circuit held that a similar declaration was suffcient
to moot another American citizen's lawsuit challenging his
placement on the No Fly List. See Long v. Pekoske, 38
F. 4th 417, 427 (CA4 2022). To resolve this confict in lower
court authority, the government asked us to hear Mr. Fikre's
case, and we agreed to do so. 600 U. S. -- -- -- (2023).

II
The Constitution grants federal courts jurisdiction to de-
cide "Cases" or "Controversies." Art. III, 2. A court
with jurisdiction has a "virtually unfagging obligation" to
hear and resolve questions properly before it. Colorado
River Water Conservation Dist. v. United States, (1976). But the converse also holds true. Some-
times, events in the world overtake those in the courtroom,
and a complaining party manages to secure outside of litiga-
tion all the relief he might have won in it. When that hap-
pens, a federal court must dismiss the case as moot. Al-
 Cite as: (2024) 241

Opinion of the Court

ready, LLC v. Nike, Inc., (2013). It must
because federal judges are not counselors or academics; they
are not free to take up hypothetical questions that pique a
party's curiosity or their own. The limited authority vested
in federal courts to decide cases and controversies means
that they may no more pronounce on past actions that do not
have any "continuing effect" in the world than they may
shirk decision on those that do. Spencer v. Kemna, (1998).
None of this implies that a defendant may "automatically
moot a case" by the simple expedient of suspending its chal-
lenged conduct after it is sued. Already, 568 U. S., at 91.
Instead, our precedents hold, a defendant's " `voluntary ces-
sation of a challenged practice' " will moot a case only if the
defendant can show that the practice cannot " `reasonably be
expected to recur.' " Friends of the Earth, Inc. v. Laidlaw
Environmental Services (TOC), Inc., 
Page Proof Pending Publication
(2000); see United States v. W. T. Grant Co., -- 633 (1953).
We have described this as a "formidable burden. "
Friends of the Earth, 528 U. S., at 190. And the reason for
it is simple: "The Constitution deals with substance," not
strategies. Cummings v. Missouri, 4 Wall. 277, 325 (1867).
Were the rule more forgiving, a defendant might suspend its
challenged conduct after being sued, win dismissal, and later
pick up where it left off; it might even repeat "this cycle" as
necessary until it achieves all of its allegedly "unlawful
ends." Already, 568 U. S., at 91. A live case or controversy
cannot be so easily disguised, and a federal court's constitu-
tional authority cannot be so readily manipulated. To show
that a case is truly moot, a defendant must prove " `no rea-
sonable expectation' " remains that it will "return to [its] old
ways." W. T. Grant Co., 345 U. S., at 632 -- 633. That much
holds for governmental defendants no less than for private
ones. See, e. g., West Virginia v. EPA, 
(2022); Trinity Lutheran Church of Columbia, Inc. v. Comer,
242 FBI v. FIKRE

Opinion of the Court, (2017); Parents Involved in Commu-
nity Schools v. Seattle School Dist. No. 1, -- 
720 (2007).
The parties dispute none of these principles; the only ques-
tion we face concerns their application. Proceeding as the
courts below did, we accept Mr. Fikre's uncontested factual
allegations as true for purposes of this motion to dismiss.
See supra, at 237, n.*. As the lower courts did, too, we ac-
cept as true the supplemental evidence the government of-
fered: its declaration representing that Mr. Fikre "will not
be placed on the No Fly List in the future based on the
currently available information." App. to Pet. for Cert.
118a, ¶5.
Viewed in that light, this case is not moot. To appreciate
why, it is enough to consider one aspect of Mr. Fikre's com-
plaint. He contends that the government placed him on
the No Fly List for constitutionally impermissible reasons,
Page Proof Pending Publication
including his religious beliefs. In support of his claim,
Mr. Fikre alleges (among other things) that FBI agents in-
terrogated him about a mosque in Portland he once attended
and threatened to keep him on the No Fly List unless he
agreed to serve as an informant against his co-religionists.
Accepting these as-yet uncontested allegations, the govern-
ment's representation that it will not relist Mr. Fikre based
on "currently available information" may mean that his past
actions are not enough to warrant his relisting. But, as the
court of appeals observed, none of that speaks to whether
the government might relist him if he does the same or simi-
lar things in the future -- say, attend a particular mosque or
refuse renewed overtures to serve as an informant. Put
simply, the government's sparse declaration falls short of
demonstrating that it cannot reasonably be expected to do
again in the future what it is alleged to have done in the
past. Friends of the Earth, 528 U. S., at 190.
If its declaration alone will not do, the government asks
us to consider two further things. First, it points to the fact
 Cite as: (2024) 243

Opinion of the Court

that it removed Mr. Fikre from the No Fly List in 2016.
The government acknowledges that it took this action only
after he fled suit. But, it stresses, the parties have now
sparred in court for some years since his delisting. Second,
the government surmises that, during this period, Mr. Fikre
"presumably has joined religious organizations" and inter-
acted freely with his co-religionists. Reply Brief 9. To-
gether, the government submits, these points make it un-
likely he will face relisting in the future.
That, too, is insuffcient to warrant dismissal. A case does
not automatically become moot when a defendant suspends
its challenged conduct and then carries on litigating for some
specifed period. Nor can a defendant's speculation about a
plaintiff 's actions make up for a lack of assurance about its
own. (For that matter, given what little we know at this
stage in the proceedings, Mr. Fikre may have done none of
the things the government presumes he has, perhaps wish-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing to but refraining for fear of fnding himself relisted.) In
all cases, it is the defendant's "burden to establish" that it
cannot reasonably be expected to resume its challenged
conduct -- whether the suit happens to be new or long linger-
ing, and whether the challenged conduct might recur imme-
diately or later at some more propitious moment. West Vir-
ginia, 597 U. S., at 719. Nothing the government offers here
satisfes that formidable standard. See Parents Involved,
551 U. S., at 719 (declining to dismiss a case as moot fve
years after the defendant voluntarily ceased its challenged
conduct); City of Mesquite v. Aladdin's Castle, Inc., -- 289 (1982) (similar).
Aiming now in a different direction, the government con-
tends that the Ninth Circuit erred by confating mootness
with the merits. The government reads portions of that
court's decisions as suggesting that, to win dismissal, it had
to admit it lacked any lawful basis for including Mr. Fikre on
the No Fly List in the frst place. For his part, Mr. Fikre
disputes this characterization of the Ninth Circuit's work;
244 FBI v. FIKRE

Opinion of the Court

never, he says, did that court require the government to re-
pudiate its past conduct to prove mootness.
Rather than resolve who has the better reading of another
court's decisions, it is enough to underline the reason for our
own. Yes, a party's repudiation of its past conduct may
sometimes help demonstrate that conduct is unlikely to
recur. See, e. g., County of Los Angeles v. Davis, -- 633 (1979). But often a case will become moot even
when a defendant "vehemently" insists on the propriety of
"the conduct that precipitated the lawsuit." Already, 568
U. S., at 91. What matters is not whether a defendant repu-
diates its past actions, but what repudiation can prove about
its future conduct. It is on that consideration alone -- the
potential for a defendant's future conduct -- that we rest our
judgment.
Necessarily, our judgment is a provisional one. Just be-
cause the government has not yet demonstrated that
Page Proof Pending Publication
Mr. Fikre's case is moot does not mean it will never be able
to do so. This case comes to us in a preliminary posture,
framed only by uncontested factual allegations and a terse
declaration. As the case unfolds, the complaint's allegations
will be tested rather than taken as true, and different facts
may emerge that may call for a different conclusion. That
is a possibility courts must be alive to in this (and any) case,
for a federal court's duty to ensure itself of Article III juris-
diction may begin at the inception of a lawsuit, but it persists
throughout the life of the proceedings. Spencer, 523 U. S.,
at 7.
To be sure, litigating disputes that potentially touch on
matters of national security beyond the motion-to-dismiss
stage can present evidentiary challenges for parties and
courts alike. Careful attention must be paid to the handling
of classifed or privileged information. For our present pur-
poses, however, it is enough to know both sides agree that
"[a]dhering to traditional mootness principles is especially
important in this national-security context." Reply Brief
 Cite as: (2024) 245

Alito, J., concurring

18; see Brief for Petitioners 34; Brief for Respondent 45.
And adhering to those principles here, "it is impossible to
conclude" the government has so far "borne [its] burden" of
proving that this dispute is moot. Adarand Constructors,
Inc. v. Slater, (2000) (per curiam).
*
The judgment of the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit is
Affrmed.

Justice Alito, with whom Justice Kavanaugh joins,
concurring.
I join the Court's opinion, but write to clarify my under-
standing that our decision does not suggest that the Govern-
ment must disclose classifed information to Mr. Fikre, his
attorney, or a court to show that this case is moot. In at
least some instances, requiring the Government to disclose
Page Proof Pending Publication
sensitive information regarding its grounds for placing or re-
moving a person from the No-Fly List could undermine the
Government's signifcant interests in airline safety and the
prevention of terrorist attacks. Indeed, some of the Na-
tion's 600-plus district courts are poorly positioned to handle
classifed documents, and most court personnel lack security
clearance. Recognizing such limitations, I do not under-
stand the Court's opinion to require the Government to dis-
close classifed information as a matter of course. On the
contrary, non-classifed information or information obtained
in discovery from the plaintiff in this and other cases may be
suffcient to show that the allegedly unlawful listing is un-
likely to recur, thereby proving mootness.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None