JUSTICE JACKSON delivered the opinion of the Court.
An employer that stops participating in an underfunded
Multiemployer Pension Plan must pay the plan "with-
drawal liability" -- i.e., its share of the plan's unfunded
vested benefits. Calculating the unfunded vested benefits
is a complicated endeavor because the plan's actuary must
predict the value of the plan's future assets and obligations.
To do so, the actuary makes certain assumptions about, for
example, retirees' life expectancies and the anticipated
growth rate of the plan's investments. By statute, an em-
ployer's withdrawal liability is based on the value of the
plan's unfunded vested benefits "as of " the last day of the
plan year preceding the employer's withdrawal, also known
as the measurement date. 29 U. S. C..
The question presented in this case is whether the "as of "
language sets the measurement date as the deadline by
which actuaries must select the assumptions that underlie
the withdrawal-liability calculation. The Court of Appeals
for the D. C. Circuit held that it does not, concluding that
actuaries may select their assumptions after the measure-
ment date. We agree. The statute governing the selection
2 M & K EMPLOYEE SOLUTIONS, LLC v. TRUSTEES OF
IAM NAT. PENSION FUND
Opinion of the Court

and use of actuarial assumptions in the withdrawal-liabil-
ity context contains no requirement that actuaries use as-
sumptions adopted prior to the measurement date.
I
A
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
(ERISA) provides "comprehensive regulation for private
pension plans." Connolly v. Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-
poration, (1986). One type of pension
plan that ERISA regulates is a Multiemployer Pension Plan
(MPP). An MPP is a plan "to which more than one employer
contributes" and is "maintained to fulfill the terms of collec-
tive-bargaining agreements." Concrete Pipe & Products of
Cal., Inc. v. Construction Laborers Pension Trust for South-
ern Cal., (1993); see 29 U. S. C..
As amended by the Multiemployer Pension Plan Amend-
ments Act of 1980, ERISA requires employers that with-
draw from an underfunded MPP to pay "withdrawal liabil-
ity." ; see Milwaukee Brewery Workers' Pension
Plan v. Jos. Schlitz Brewing Co., (1995).
Withdrawal liability reflects the employer's share of the
plan's unfunded vested benefits (UVBs) -- that is, the differ-
ence between the present value of the benefits owed to em-
ployees and the current value of the plan's assets.
(1), 1393(c). By requiring employers to pay their
share of the UVBs, ERISA seeks to ensure that plans do not
become insolvent when employers withdraw. Milwaukee
Brewery, 513 U. S., at 416 -- 417.
Section 1391 specifies the methods that plans may use to
calculate withdrawal liability. The common feature of each
method is the requirement that withdrawal liability be cal-
culated based on the plan's UVBs "as of " the last day of the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

plan year preceding the employer's withdrawal -- the meas-
urement date. See (2)(E)(i), (c)(2)(C)(i), (3)(A),
(4)(A); Milwaukee Brewery, 513 U. S., at 417 -- 418.
Determining a plan's UVBs is not a matter of simple
arithmetic. The value of the UVBs depends upon both hard
data about the plan (such as the number of beneficiaries
and the value of the plan's assets) and a variety of predic-
tions about the future. For example, how many employees
will draw on their benefits and for how long? And what is
the value of those future benefits in today's dollars?
To make these predictions, a plan's actuary must select
demographic and economic assumptions about how the
plan's assets and obligations will change over time. Amer-
ican Academy of Actuaries, Issue Brief: Selection of Actuar-
ial Assumptions for Multiemployer Plans 3 (July 2020). A
key actuarial assumption -- the one relevant here -- is the
discount rate: the interest rate "used to discount future ben-
efit payments to their present value." 87 Fed. Reg. 62317
(2022); see Actuarial Standards Board, Actuarial Standard
of Practice No. 27,.3 (2023) (ASOP). A higher discount
rate reduces the value of the plan's UVBs. 87 Fed. Reg.
62317. Lower UVBs, in turn, correspond to a lower with-
drawal liability for employers. Ibid.
Actuaries select the assumptions underlying their UVB
calculations based on relevant "current and historical
data," ASOP No. 27,.5, including growth in the plan's
earnings, inflation, yields on securities, and other macroe-
conomic conditions, id.,.7. ERISA imposes few substan-
tive requirements on the selection of these assumptions.
Section 1393, which governs the use of actuarial assump-
tions in calculating withdrawal liability, says only that the
actuary must use "actuarial assumptions and methods
which, in the aggregate, are reasonable (taking into account
the experience of the plan and reasonable expectations) and
4 M & K EMPLOYEE SOLUTIONS, LLC v. TRUSTEES OF
IAM NAT. PENSION FUND
Opinion of the Court

which, in combination, offer the actuary's best estimate of
anticipated experience under the plan." (1).1
B
The IAM National Pension Fund (Fund) is an MPP serv-
ing employees who are covered by collective bargaining
agreements with the International Association of Machin-
ists and Aerospace Workers. In November 2017, its actuar-
ial firm, Cheiron, published the annual valuation of the
Fund's assets and liabilities for the 2016 Plan Year. Using
a discount rate of 7.50%, Cheiron valued the Fund's UVBs
at close to $500 million. Two months later, on January 24,
2018, Cheiron met with the Fund's trustees to discuss the
actuarial assumptions it would use to calculate withdrawal
liability for employers who withdrew in 2018. They settled
on a discount rate of 6.50%, 1% lower than the rate previ-
ously used. Cheiron published its actuarial valuation for
Plan Year 2017 on April 17, 2019. Using the 6.50% discount
rate, it valued the Fund's UVBs at just over $3 billion -- six
times the prior year's figure.
Petitioners are four employers who used to contribute to
the Fund. Each withdrew from the Fund between April and
December 2018. Pursuant to, the Fund assessed
each employer's withdrawal liability "as of " December 31,
2017 (the last day of the plan year preceding the year in
which they withdrew). The Fund applied the 6.50% dis-
count rate adopted in January 2018 to calculate their with-
drawal liability. Using the 6.50% discount rate, as com-
pared to the previously adopted 7.50% discount rate,
dramatically increased petitioners' withdrawal liability;
M&K Employee Solutions, for example, was assessed with-
drawal liability of around $6.2 million, whereas it would
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In the alternative, the actuary can use "assumptions and methods set

forth in the [Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation's] regulations." 29
U. S. C. (2); see (4). This alternative is not at issue
here.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

have owed only around $1.8 million using the prior assump-
tions.
Petitioners initiated separate arbitrations to challenge
their withdrawal-liability assessments. See. Each
of the arbitrators determined that the assessment was er-
roneous because the Fund had applied actuarial assump-
tions adopted after December 31, 2017. Doing so, the arbi-
trators reasoned, conflicted with 's requirement that
withdrawal liability be calculated "as of " the measurement
date. The arbitrators instead required the Fund to use the
actuarial assumptions that were "in effect" on the measure-
ment date -- i.e., the 7.50% discount rate. App. 293 (empha-
sis deleted); see also id., at 26 -- 27, 49, 71.
The Fund sought review of the arbitral awards in Federal
District Court. Three of the actions were consolidated,
while the fourth proceeded separately. In both cases, the
District Courts disagreed with the arbitrators, holding that
actuaries could use assumptions adopted after the meas-
urement date to calculate withdrawal liability. 2022 WL
4534998, *11 (D DC, Sept. 28, 2022); Trustees of the IAM
Nat. Pension Fund v. Ohio Magnetics, Inc., 656 F. Supp. 3d
112, 136 -- 137 (DC 2023).
In a consolidated appeal, the Court of Appeals for the
D. C. Circuit affirmed. 92 F. 4th 316, 322 (2024). The court
reasoned that "requir[ing] an actuary to determine what as-
sumptions to use before the close of business on the meas-
urement date" would conflict with Congress's instruction in
(1) "that an actuary use its 'best estimate' of the
plan's anticipated experience as of the measurement date."
Id., at 322 -- 323. Accordingly, the court held that actuaries
could adopt assumptions after the measurement date as
long as the assumptions were "based on the body of
knowledge available up to the measurement date." Id., at
322.
The D. C. Circuit's decision conflicted with a decision of
the Second Circuit, which held that MPPs must adopt their
6 M & K EMPLOYEE SOLUTIONS, LLC v. TRUSTEES OF
IAM NAT. PENSION FUND
Opinion of the Court

interest rate assumptions for withdrawal-liability purposes
on or before the measurement date. National Retirement
Fund v. Metz Culinary Mgmt., Inc., 946 F. 3d 146, 152
(2020). We granted certiorari to resolve this split over when
actuarial assumptions may be selected for purposes of cal-
culating withdrawal liability., amended (2025).2 For the reasons that follow, we now hold
that withdrawal liability can be calculated based on actu-
arial assumptions adopted after the measurement date.
II
Two sections of ERISA govern the calculation of with-
drawal liability: and 1393. Neither requires that
actuarial assumptions be selected on or before the measure-
ment date.
A
Section 1391 lays out the various methods that plans can
use to calculate withdrawal liability. It does not mention
actuarial assumptions at all. Nevertheless, petitioners ask
us to identify a deadline for the selection of assumptions
from 's directive that withdrawal liability be calcu-
lated based on the plan's UVBs "as of " the measurement
date. See, e.g., (2)(E)(i). But the "as of " language
sets no such deadline.
Dictionaries define "as of " to mean "at the date men-
tioned." Oxford American Dictionary 34 (1980); see also
Webster's Third New International Dictionary 129 (1976)
("at or on (a specific time or date)"). In context, the term is
understood "to assign an event to one time and the recogni-
tion of it to another." W. Follett, Modern American Usage
41 (rev. ed. 1998). Thus, 's use of "as of " means two
things. First, the hard data about the plan that feeds the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The parties also disputed below whether actuarial assumptions must

be based on only the information available as of the measurement date.
We leave that question for another day.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

UVB calculation must be fixed on the measurement date.
Second, and as all agree, the actual UVB calculation can be
performed after the measurement date. For purposes of
this case, then, the key question is whether actuarial as-
sumptions are akin to the facts about the plan that must be
fixed on the measurement date, or whether they are a part
of the UVB calculation itself and can therefore be selected
after the measurement date.
Petitioners argue that actuarial assumptions are factual
inputs into the UVB calculation, much like hard data such
as the number of plan beneficiaries. On this view, to comply
with, the actuarial assumptions must be "frozen" on
the measurement date. Brief for Petitioners 23. In other
words, they say, the actuary must use the assumptions that
are "in effect" on the measurement date -- i.e., the assump-
tions most recently adopted before the measurement date -- 
to value the UVBs. Brief for Petitioners 37.
But petitioners' argument is based on a flawed under-
standing of actuarial assumptions. These assumptions are
not factual inputs. Instead, they are predictive judgments
about a plan's anticipated future performance -- tools actu-
aries use to calculate the plan's UVBs. The distinction be-
tween tool and fact is clear from the text of ERISA: Section
1393 groups actuarial assumptions together with "meth-
ods" in prescribing how withdrawal liability must be calcu-
lated. See (1). The relevant similarity between as-
sumptions and methods is that both are tools used to make
actuarial valuations. See, e.g., (referring to actu-
arial assumptions as something "used" to determine UVBs);
(3)(B)(i) (same).
The Actuarial Standards of Practice likewise support our
conclusion that actuarial assumptions are not observable
facts about the plan that are "in effect" on a particular
8 M & K EMPLOYEE SOLUTIONS, LLC v. TRUSTEES OF
IAM NAT. PENSION FUND
Opinion of the Court

date.3 These professional guidelines instruct actuaries to
select assumptions for the purpose of making a particular
calculation or measurement. See ASOP No. 27,.3 ("The
actuary should identify the types of assumptions to use for
a specific measurement," taking into account, among other
things, "the purpose of the measurement"); id.,.8 ("The
actuary should take into account the purpose of the meas-
urement as a primary factor in selecting a discount rate").
In other words, actuaries make assumptions when the need
for an actuarial valuation arises.
In this case, for example, the Fund's actuary adopted as-
sumptions for purposes of its 2016 Plan Year annual valu-
ation. The Fund then adopted new actuarial assumptions
for purposes of calculating withdrawal liability for employ-
ers who withdrew in 2018, and later for its 2017 Plan Year
annual valuation. As this case illustrates, actuarial as-
sumptions are adopted for the purpose of a particular cal-
culation or measurement; they are not generally "in effect"
in the way that petitioners urge.
With this understanding of actuarial assumptions, peti-
tioners' proposed interpretation of falls apart. Be-
cause actuarial assumptions are tools used to calculate
UVBs rather than hard data about the plan, they cannot be
"frozen" on the measurement date. Section 1391's "as of "
requirement sets the reference point for the factual inputs
into the UVB calculation. It has no bearing on when actu-
aries must select the tools, including assumptions, they use
to calculate a plan's UVBs.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Consulting the Actuarial Standards of Practice is appropriate here

because this is a statute "addressed to specialists," so it "must be read by
judges with the minds of the specialists." Becerra v. Empire Health
Foundation, for Valley Hospital Medical Center, (2022).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

B
Section 1393, the section of ERISA that governs the use
of actuarial assumptions for assessing withdrawal liability,
confirms that the measurement date is not a deadline by
which actuaries must select their assumptions. Indeed,
provides no deadline at all. The statute merely says
that the actuary's assumptions must be "reasonable," must
"tak[e] into account the experience of the plan and reason-
able expectations," and must "offer the actuary's best esti-
mate of anticipated experience under the plan."
(1). We generally do not read limitations into stat-
utes that do not appear in their text, Romag Fasteners, Inc.
v. Fossil Group, Inc., (2020), and we dis-
cern no basis for doing so here.
The omission of any deadline in is significant given
Congress's inclusion of a similar deadline in a different sec-
tion of the statute. Specifically: The amortization period for
an employer's withdrawal-liability payments must be de-
termined based on "the assumptions used for the most re-
cent actuarial valuation for the plan." (1)(A)(ii).
But Congress imposed no similar limit for the actuarial as-
sumptions used to calculate withdrawal liability; we pre-
sume this omission is intentional. See Russello v. United
States, (1983) ("[W]here Congress includes
particular language in one section of a statute but omits it
in another section of the same Act, it is generally presumed
that Congress acts intentionally and purposely in the dis-
parate inclusion or exclusion" ).
Moreover, 's instruction that actuarial assumptions
reflect the actuary's "best estimate of anticipated experi-
ence under the plan," (1), supports the conclusion
that actuaries can select their assumptions after the meas-
urement date. Recall that actuaries choose assumptions
based on the plan's past performance, changes in the mar-
ket, and other relevant information. ASOP No. 27,.5.
10 M & K EMPLOYEE SOLUTIONS, LLC v. TRUSTEES OF
IAM NAT. PENSION FUND
Opinion of the Court

Thus, the assumptions should "reflect the actuary's
knowledge as of the measurement date." id.,.4.6. But
the relevant information about the plan's performance or
macroeconomic conditions, as it stood on the measurement
date, may not become available until after the measure-
ment date. See American Academy of Actuaries, Issue
Brief: Selection of Actuarial Assumptions for Multiem-
ployer Plans 4. Requiring actuaries to use assumptions se-
lected before the measurement date could therefore prevent
them from relying on the most up-to-date data when select-
ing their assumptions. This, in turn, could mean that their
assumptions do not reflect their "best estimate."
(1).
More fundamentally, requiring actuaries to use assump-
tions based on stale data would result in an incoherent stat-
utory scheme. Under petitioners' view, actuaries must
value a plan's UVBs based on hard data as it stood on the
measurement date while at the same time applying as-
sumptions selected based on an older set of facts. The stat-
ute does not mandate this mismatch. Instead, actuaries
may select their assumptions after the measurement date
in order to value the UVBs as of the measurement date.
III
Unable to identify a deadline for adopting actuarial as-
sumptions in the text of ERISA, petitioners turn to two
other arguments -- one about statutory context and the
other related to policy concerns. Neither has merit.
First, petitioners contend that the statute contains a
broad antiretroactivity principle. They point to a different
section of ERISA, for support. This section prohibits
plans from applying any new "plan rule or amendment" to
an employer's withdrawal liability if the rule or amendment
is adopted after the employer withdraws..
But this section hurts rather than helps petitioners. As
they acknowledge, actuarial assumptions are not plan rules
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

or amendments. Accordingly, the retroactivity limits in
do not apply to actuarial assumptions. Congress
chose not to enact a similar antiretroactivity rule in,
which strongly suggests that actuarial assumptions are not
subject to any such limitation. See Russello, 464 U. S., at
23. Inferring an antiretroactivity rule for the selection of
actuarial assumptions would override Congress's choice.
So petitioners fall back on a policy argument. They con-
tend that allowing plans to adopt actuarial assumptions af-
ter the measurement date will open the door to manipula-
tion. Plans and their actuaries, petitioners worry, will
retroactively select assumptions in order to increase with-
drawing employers' liability. But their proposed rule -- that
withdrawal liability must be based on assumptions adopted
before the measurement date -- does nothing to address
these concerns. Plans and actuaries could still select as-
sumptions with an eye towards inflating withdrawal liabil-
ity before the measurement date given the significant dis-
cretion they enjoy in selecting assumptions.
In any event, "policy concerns cannot trump the best in-
terpretation of the statutory text." Patel v. Garland, (2022). Congress chose which limits to im-
pose on the selection of actuarial assumptions. The statute
requires that actuarial assumptions be "reasonable" and re-
flect actuaries' "best estimate." (1). And the stat-
ute permits employers to challenge actuarial assumptions
in arbitration, including on the ground that they were "un-
reasonable." (3)(B)(i). Indeed, many of the worst-
case scenarios petitioners posit -- for example, that actuar-
ies will adopt intentionally low discount rates for with-
drawal liability but high discount rates for other pur-
poses -- are subject to challenge in arbitration. It is not the
role of the Court to supplant Congress's choices, as reflected
in the statutory text, with our own.
12 M & K EMPLOYEE SOLUTIONS, LLC v. TRUSTEES OF
IAM NAT. PENSION FUND
Opinion of the Court

* * *
ERISA does not require pension plans to assess with-
drawal liability based on actuarial assumptions adopted be-
fore the measurement date. We therefore affirm the judg-
ment of the D. C. Circuit.
It is so ordered.

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR joins,
dissenting from grant of application to vacate stay.
Edward Busby's expert concluded that Busby is intellec-
tually disabled. Texas's expert agreed. Recognizing the
constitutional implications of that assessment, Texas joined
Busby in asking the Texas courts to find Busby ineligible
for execution. After the Texas courts refused, Texas
changed its mind, opting to proceed with the execution it
once tried to abandon. The Fifth Circuit then temporarily
stayed the execution. This was a modest, responsible step
taken to allow that court to determine whether Busby is en-
titled to habeas relief before it is too late.
Today, the Court finds itself unable to tolerate even a
brief delay. Lifting the Fifth Circuit's stay, the Court
grants emergency relief to ensure that Texas's current
inclination (that it must execute Busby tonight) wins out
over its former one (that it could not execute Busby at all).
In capital cases, we rarely intervene to preserve life. I
cannot understand the Court's rush to extinguish it, much
less in the circumstances of this case. With respect, I dis-
sent.

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON delivered the opinion of the Court.
Petitioners Douglas Humberto Urias-Orellana, his wife
Sayra Iliana Gamez-Mejia, and their minor child
G. E. U. G. are Salvadoran natives who sought asylum af-
ter entering the United States without authorization. An
Immigration Judge (IJ) denied their applications and or-
dered their removal, determining that they had neither
demonstrated past "persecution" nor established a "well-
founded fear" of future "persecution" as required under the
Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), 66 Stat. 163, 8
U. S. C. (42)(A). After unsuccessfully challenging
their removal order with the Board of Immigration Appeals
(BIA), petitioners sought review in federal court. The Court
of Appeals affirmed the BIA's ruling, holding that "substan-
tial evidence" supported the agency's persecution determi-
nation. Urias-Orellana v. Garland, 121 F. 4th 327, 335 -- 
338 (CA1 2024).
We granted certiorari to determine whether the Court of
Appeals applied the appropriate standard of review under
the INA. We conclude that the statute requires application
of the substantial-evidence standard to the agency's
2 URIAS-ORELLANA v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

conclusion that a given set of undisputed facts does not con-
stitute persecution. Accordingly, we affirm.
I
A
Petitioners entered the United States without authoriza-
tion in 2021. Soon after they arrived, the Government
served petitioners with notices to appear in federal immi-
gration court for a removal hearing. When they appeared
as scheduled in an immigration court in Boston, petitioners
conceded their removability but claimed asylum (along with
other forms of relief from removal that are no longer at is-
sue).
Petitioner Urias-Orellana was the sole witness at the re-
moval hearing. He testified that a "sicario" (i.e., hitman)
from his hometown had been targeting him since 2016.
That year, the sicario shot two of Urias-Orellana's half-
brothers and vowed to kill every member of his family. Id.,
at 332. To escape the sicario's threats, Urias-Orellana,
Gamez-Mejia, and G. E. U. G. relocated within El Salvador
several times over the next few years. After each move,
Urias-Orellana was threatened by men who demanded
money and warned that they would leave him like his
brothers if he did not pay up. One of the men even physi-
cally assaulted Urias-Orellana when he returned to his
hometown for a brief visit. Id., at 333.
The last straw came soon after Urias-Orellana's fourth
and final move in 2021, when he learned that men had been
asking around town about the arrival of any newcomers. It
was at this point that Urias-Orellana, Gamez-Mejia, and
G. E. U. G. left El Salvador for the United States.
Under the INA, the U. S. Government "may grant asy-
lum" to a noncitizen if it "determines" that he "is a refugee."
8 U. S. C. (1)(A). An asylum seeker qualifies as a
"refugee," and is thus eligible for asylum, if he "is unable or
unwilling to return" to his country of nationality "because
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

of persecution or a well-founded fear of persecution on ac-
count of race, religion, nationality, membership in a partic-
ular social group, or political opinion." (42)(A). An
asylum seeker can submit an affirmative application to the
Department of Homeland Security, see, or raise
asylum eligibility as a defense to removal proceedings be-
fore an IJ, see (4). Urias-Orellana and his family
chose the latter path: When the Government initiated re-
moval proceedings against them, they defended by assert-
ing asylum eligibility.
The IJ credited Urias-Orellana's account of the facts but
concluded that those facts were insufficient to establish ei-
ther past persecution or a well-founded fear of future per-
secution. The IJ explained that, under First Circuit prece-
dent, death threats may establish past persecution only
when they are " 'so menacing as to cause significant actual
suffering or harm.' " App. to Pet. for Cert. 31a ). The IJ
concluded that Urias-Orellana's past-persecution claim
failed under that standard, as he had not submitted any
medical, psychiatric, or psychological evaluations indicat-
ing that he had experienced such suffering or harm. App.
to Pet. for Cert. 31a -- 32a. The IJ further found the evidence
regarding Urias-Orellana's alleged fear of future persecu-
tion to be lacking. He observed that Urias-Orellana had
successfully escaped danger after many of his relocations
and that any risk resurfaced only when Urias-Orellana re-
turned to his hometown or nearby areas. Id., at 32a -- 35a.
Given the dearth of evidence establishing past or future
persecution, the IJ determined that Urias-Orellana did not
qualify as a refugee eligible for asylum under (42).
See id., at 44a. The IJ determined that Gamez-Mejia and
G. E. U. G. were likewise ineligible for asylum, as their
claims were "derivativ[e]" of Urias-Orellana's. Id., at 28a.
So, the IJ ordered all three petitioners' removal. Id., at 44a.
4 URIAS-ORELLANA v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

B
Petitioners appealed the IJ's ruling to the BIA. See 8
CFR.1(b) (2025) (providing authority for such an ap-
peal). But the BIA affirmed the IJ's conclusion that Urias-
Orellana's testimony "did not establish that he suffered
past harm in the aggregate rising to the level of persecu-
tion." App. to Pet. for Cert. 21a. It also agreed that because
Urias-Orellana "only had problems when he returned to his
hometown," his testimony did not establish a well-founded
fear of future persecution. Id., at 22a.
Petitioners then sought further review in the U. S. Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit pursuant to 8 U. S. C.
(2). See 121 F. 4th, at 331. Petitioners did not dis-
pute that death threats may establish past persecution only
when they are "so menacing as to cause significant actual
suffering or harm." Opening Brief for Petitioners in No. 24 -- 
1042 (CA1), pp. 9 -- 10.
Instead, they argued that the undisputed facts of this case
met that standard. The Court of Appeals emphasized that
its review was "cabin[ed]" to "whether the Agency conclu-
sion [that petitioners] had not demonstrated past persecu-
tion or a well-founded fear of future persecution was sup-
ported by substantial evidence." 121 F. 4th, at 335. Under
that standard, reversal was warranted only "if, in reviewing
the record as a whole, any reasonable adjudicator would be
compelled to conclude to the contrary." Ibid. (internal quo-
tation marks omitted).
The Court of Appeals ultimately affirmed, concluding
that Urias-Orellana's testimony did not compel a finding of
either past persecution or a well-founded fear of future per-
secution. See id., at 336 -- 338. In particular, it determined
that "[t]he Agency reasonably concluded that the threats
experienced by Urias-Orellana" were not "so menacing as to
cause significant actual suffering or harm." Id., at 336 (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). It similarly determined
that, because "Urias-Orellana was able to live in towns
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

across El Salvador for years without harassment and only
encountered difficulties once he returned to his hometown,"
a reasonable factfinder would not be compelled to find a
well-founded fear of future persecution. Id., at 338.
We granted certiorari, (2025), to evaluate
whether the Court of Appeals applied the appropriate
standard of review when evaluating Urias-Orellana's asy-
lum claim.1
II
Section 1252(b)(4) does not use the phrase "substantial
evidence." But it does specifically address the "[s]cope and
standard for review" that the courts of appeals must apply
when evaluating IJ and BIA removal orders.
As relevant here, each of (4)'s four subpara-
graphs truncates the court's review in a particular manner.
Subparagraph (A) states that "the court of appeals shall de-
cide the petition only on the administrative record on which
the order of removal is based." Subparagraph (C) says that
"a decision [by the agency] that [a noncitizen] is not eligible
for admission to the United States is conclusive unless
manifestly contrary to law." And, per subparagraph (D),
"the Attorney General's discretionary judgment whether to
grant relief under section 1158(a) of this title shall be con-
clusive unless manifestly contrary to the law and an abuse
of discretion."
This case involves subparagraph (B), which provides that
"the administrative findings of fact are conclusive unless
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Because petitioners have not challenged the standard of persecution

that the agency applied -- i.e., that death threats are sufficient to estab-
lish past persecution only when they are so menacing as to cause signif-
icant actual suffering or harm, see App. to Pet. for Cert. 31a -- we con-
sider only the appropriate standard of review for the agency's application
of that standard to the facts. We note the Solicitor General agrees with
petitioners that "purely legal questions about the appropriate standard"
of persecution are subject to de novo review. Brief for Respondent 40; see
Tr. of Oral Arg. 48.
6 URIAS-ORELLANA v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

any reasonable adjudicator would be compelled to conclude
to the contrary." (4)(B). This Court has previously
interpreted subparagraph (B) to prescribe a deferential,
"substantial-evidence standard" for review of agency fac-
tual findings. Nasrallah v. Barr, (2020).
Substantial evidence, we have long emphasized, is " 'more
than a mere scintilla,' " but "means -- and means only -- 
'such relevant evidence as a reasonable mind might accept
as adequate to support a conclusion.' " Biestek v. Berryhill,
(2019) ). Or, to come full circle,
" 'findings of fact are conclusive unless any reasonable ad-
judicator would be compelled to conclude to the contrary.' "
Nasrallah, 590 U. S., at 584 (4)(B)).
Whether a given agency determination fits within the
purview of subparagraph (B) -- and is thus reviewed for sub-
stantial evidence -- is not always clear. Indeed, the courts
of appeals have split over the standard of review that
should apply to the agency's determination that an asylum
applicant has not established past "persecution" or a "well-
founded fear of [future] persecution" within the meaning of
(42)(A).
Some courts review the entire inquiry (both the underly-
ing factual findings about what happened to the applicant
in her home country and the agency's application of the
statute to those findings) under the substantial-evidence
standard.2 Other courts break down the inquiry into two
parts, reviewing the agency's factual findings for substan-
tial evidence and its legal conclusions de novo.3 Yet even
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 See Gómez-Medina v. Barr, 975 F. 3d 27, 31, 33 (CA1 2020); Ai Hua

Chen v. Holder, 742 F. 3d 171, 177 -- 178 (CA4 2014); Yu v. Ashcroft, 364
F. 3d 700, 702 -- 703 (CA6 2004); Ahmed v. Gonzales, 467 F. 3d 669, 673
(CA7 2006); Vicente-Elias v. Mukasey, 532 F. 3d 1086, 1091 (CA10 2008).
3 See Diallo v. INS, 232 F. 3d 279, 287 (CA2 2000); Herrera-Reyes v.

Attorney Gen., 952 F. 3d 101, 106 (CA3 2020); Lopez-Gomez v. Ashcroft,
263 F. 3d 442, 444 (CA5 2001) (per curiam); Njong v. Whitaker, 911 F. 3d
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

those courts are not always careful when differentiating be-
tween factual findings and the application of the law to
those findings, sometimes applying substantial-evidence
review to the entire inquiry.4
Today we resolve the proper-standard question as it re-
lates to the courts of appeals' review of the agency's perse-
cution determination. As explained in Part III, infra, we
hold that (4)(B) requires courts to review the en-
tirety of the agency's conclusions -- both the underlying fac-
tual findings and the application of the INA to those find-
ings -- for substantial evidence. Thus, in the language of the
statute, the agency's determination whether a given set of
undisputed facts rises to the level of persecution under
(42)(A) is generally "conclusive unless any reason-
able adjudicator would be compelled to conclude to the con-
trary." (4)(B).
III
Though the courts of appeals apply varying standards to
the agency's persecution determination, we have already
concluded that these determinations receive substantial-
evidence review. Specifically, in INS v. Elias-Zacarias, (1992), we held that "to obtain judicial reversal"
of the agency's persecution determination, an asylum appli-
cant "must show that the evidence he presented was so com-
pelling that no reasonable factfinder could fail to find the
requisite fear of persecution." Id., at 483 -- 484. To be sure,
Congress amended the INA shortly after our decision. But
those amendments -- and the addition of (4) in par-
ticular -- codified the Elias-Zacarias standard. As such, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
919, 922 (CA8 2018); Kaur v. Wilkinson, 986 F. 3d 1216, 1221 (CA9
2021); Mejia v. Attorney Gen., 498 F. 3d 1253, 1256 (CA11 2007).
4 See Scarlett v. Barr, 957 F. 3d 316, 328, 336 (CA2 2020); Thayalan v.

Attorney Gen., 997 F. 3d 132, 137 -- 138, (CA3 2021); Gjetani v. Barr,
968 F. 3d 393, 396 -- 397, and (CA5 2020); Brizuela v. Garland, 71
F. 4th 1087, 1093 (CA8 2023); Sharma v. Garland, 9 F. 4th 1052, 1060
(CA9 2021); Martinez v. Attorney Gen., 992 F. 3d 1283, 1292 (CA11 2021).
8 URIAS-ORELLANA v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

statute as it reads today requires substantial-evidence re-
view for the entirety of the persecution determination.
A
Like this case, Elias-Zacarias began with an IJ's deter-
mination that a noncitizen was ineligible for asylum. Id.,
at 480. Elias-Zacarias had testified that he feared retalia-
tion in his home country of Guatemala after he refused to
join a group of guerillas who had attempted to recruit him.
Id., at 479 -- 480. But the IJ concluded that this testimony
"failed to demonstrate persecution or a well-founded fear of
persecution on account of race, religion, nationality, mem-
bership in a particular social group, or political opinion" as
the INA requires. Id., at 480 (42), 1158(a)). After the BIA affirmed, Elias-Zac-
arias sought review in federal court. 502 U. S., at 480.
The Court of Appeals sided with Elias-Zacarias, holding
that "a guerilla organization's attempt to conscript a person
into its military forces necessarily constitutes 'persecution
on account of... political opinion,' because 'the person re-
sisting forced recruitment is expressing a political opinion
hostile to the persecutor.' " Id., at 481 ). We reversed
the Court of Appeals, however, reading the INA to require
substantial-evidence review. See 502 U. S., at 481, 483 -- 
484.
The version of the INA in place at the time of our decision
did not contain what is now (4)(B). But it con-
tained a similar provision, which specified that agency
"findings of fact, if supported by reasonable, substantial,
and probative evidence on the record considered as a whole,
shall be conclusive." 8 U. S. C. (4) (1988 ed.). We
interpreted that provision to require substantial-evidence
review of the BIA's determination that Elias-Zacarias was
ineligible for asylum. More specifically, we explained that
the provision set forth the substantial-evidence standard
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

for review, allowing reversal "only if the evidence presented... was such that a reasonable factfinder would have to con-
clude that the requisite fear of persecution existed." 502
U. S., at 481. Though we did not explicitly use the term
"substantial evidence," our explanation accorded with how
we have long understood that standard to apply in the ad-
ministrative context. See Consolidated Edison, 305 U. S.,
at 229 (explaining that a statute providing that an agency's
"findings... as to the facts, if supported by evidence, shall
be conclusive" means "substantial evidence" and requires
only "such relevant evidence as a reasonable mind might
accept as adequate to support a conclusion" (internal quo-
tation marks omitted)).
We then went on to apply the substantial-evidence stand-
ard to the entirety of the agency's persecution determina-
tion -- including its conclusion that Elias-Zacarias's testi-
mony did not satisfy the legal standard for persecution. We
explained that Elias-Zacarias had failed to establish a
"well-founded fear" that the guerillas would "persecute him
because of " his political opinion "with the degree of clarity
necessary to permit reversal of a BIA finding to the con-
trary." 502 U. S., at 483 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). In other words, even accepting his allegations as true,
they were not "so compelling that no reasonable factfinder
could fail to find the requisite fear of persecution." Id., at
484.
Elias-Zacarias thus clarified that the INA's provision for
substantial-evidence review encompassed not only the
agency's factual findings but also the application of those
findings to the statutory standard for persecution. Indeed,
following our decision, the courts of appeals overwhelm-
ingly understood it to require substantial-evidence review
of the entirety of the persecution determination. See, e.g.,
Klawitter v. INS, 970 F. 2d 149, 152 (CA6 1992) ("According
to the Supreme Court, the Board's determination [a noncit-
izen] is not eligible for asylum must be upheld unless the
10 URIAS-ORELLANA v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

[noncitizen] shows that the evidence he or she presented
was 'so compelling that no reasonable factfinder could fail
to find the requisite fear of persecution' " ).5
B
Just a few years after we decided Elias-Zacarias, Con-
gress passed the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immi-
grant Responsibility Act of 1996 (IIRIRA), amending sev-
eral provisions of the INA governing judicial review.
(2), 110 Stat. 3009 -- 607. Among other things,
IIRIRA added (4), clarifying the relevant stand-
ards of review for IJ and BIA removal orders. But
(4) did not depart from our decision in Elias-Zaca-
rias. To the contrary, (4) stayed the course.
Indeed, subparagraph (B) largely tracks our opinion in
Elias-Zacarias. Compare (4)(B) (providing that
"administrative findings of fact are conclusive unless any
reasonable adjudicator would be compelled to conclude to
the contrary") with 502 U. S., at 483 -- 484 (stating that, if an
asylum applicant "seeks to obtain judicial reversal of the
BIA's determination, he must show that the evidence he
presented was so compelling that no reasonable factfinder
could fail to find the requisite fear of persecution"). Thus,
(4)(B) effectively restates the pre-IIRIRA practice
of applying the INA's deferential standard for factual find-
ings to the persecution determination. Cf. Bartenwerfer v.
Buckley, (2023) ("This Court generally as-
sumes that, when Congress enacts statutes, it is aware of
this Court's relevant precedents" ).
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See also Huaman-Cornelio v. BIA, 979 F. 2d 995, 999 (CA4 1992) (cit-

ing Elias-Zacarias, 502 U. S., at 483 -- 484); Chun v. INS, 40 F. 3d 76, 78
(CA5 1994) (per curiam) (same); Milosevic v. INS, 18 F. 3d 366, 370 (CA7
1994) (same); Yacoub v. INS, 999 F. 2d 1296, 1297 (CA8 1993) (per cu-
riam) (same); Kazlauskas v. INS, 46 F. 3d 902, 905 (CA9 1995) (same).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

Supporting this reading of (4)(B) are IIRIRA's
other amendments to the INA, which tend to restrict (ra-
ther than expand) review of immigration-related determi-
nations in federal court. IIRIRA added, for instance,
(2)(D), which strips courts of jurisdiction to review
certain types of removal orders entirely, restoring jurisdic-
tion only for "constitutional claims or questions of law."
IIRIRA similarly limited the scope of review under
(4), even in the areas where courts retain their ju-
risdiction over removal orders. Not only does subparagraph
(B) require deference toward "administrative findings of
fact," but subparagraphs (C) and (D) mandate that certain
agency determinations are "conclusive unless manifestly
contrary to the law." Against this backdrop, it would make
little sense to interpret subparagraph (B) as expanding ju-
dicial review beyond the pre-IIRIRA practice of applying
deference to agency persecution determinations.
IV
Given the force of Elias-Zacarias and IIRIRA's enact-
ment history, we cannot accept petitioners' arguments
about the applicable standard of review. Petitioners pri-
marily contend that Congress meant for de novo review to
apply to persecution determinations because (4)(B)
requires deference only for "findings of fact" and no subpar-
agraph of (4) explicitly addresses the "mixed ques-
tion of law and fact" that is the determination of past per-
secution and fear of future persecution. See Brief for
Petitioners 15 -- 16.
With their focus on the metaphorical trees, we think pe-
titioners have missed the forest. It is certainly true that
the required persecution determination turns on more than
just the facts: The INA's legal standard for "persecution"
must be applied to the IJ's findings of fact. But Elias-Zac-
arias and the subsequent statutory history suggest that
Congress meant for the entirety of this kind of "mixed"
12 URIAS-ORELLANA v. BONDI

Opinion of the Court

determination -- including both the IJ's factual findings and
the application of the statute to those findings -- to receive
deference under (4)(B). That makes sense because
the overall determination of refugee status primarily re-
quires the IJ to make critical factual findings about a given
applicant's experiences in his country of nationality. And
even where, as here, the IJ accepts the applicant's testi-
mony as true, the IJ must make an antecedent determina-
tion on the factual question of the applicant's credibility.
See Garland v. Ming Dai, (2021) (ex-
plaining that, during immigration proceedings, the IJ
"makes findings of fact, including determinations as to the
credibility of particular witness testimony"). Given that
Congress has required the courts of appeals to give signifi-
cant deference to IJ factfinding throughout (4), it
would be anomalous indeed to conclude that courts can re-
view substantially similar persecution-related findings de
novo.6
Our decisions in Wilkinson v. Garland, 
(2024), and Guerrero-Lasprilla v. Barr, 
(2020), are not to the contrary. In those cases, we held that
a mixed question of law and fact could qualify as a "question
of law" exempt from 's bar on judicial review. 601
U. S., at 212; 589 U. S., at 225. But unlike,
does not speak to the standards of review for re-
moval orders; rather, it addresses a court's ability to review
removal orders at all. As a result, whether a given issue is
treated as a question of law exempt from the INA's

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Our conclusion that (4)(B) applies to the persecution deter-

mination and sets forth a deferential standard of review means we need
not address petitioners' argument about Loper Bright Enterprises v. Rai-
mondo, (2024). See Brief for Petitioners 23 -- 24 (maintain-
ing that Loper Bright requires de novo review under these circum-
stances). That decision is not applicable "when a particular statute"
mandates deferential review or otherwise "delegates authority to an
agency consistent with constitutional limits." 603 U. S., at 413.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

jurisdiction-stripping provisions tells us nothing about the
type of review the court must afford to that issue under
other provisions of the statute. See Wilkinson, 601 U. S., at
222 (recognizing that the INA's jurisdiction-stripping pro-
visions do not govern the standard of review); Guerrero-
Lasprilla, 589 U. S., at 228 (same). Neither case, then, re-
quires de novo review here.
* * *
Because the Court of Appeals applied the appropriate
standard under (4)(B) when it reviewed the agency
persecution determination for substantial evidence, the
judgment below is affirmed.
It is so ordered.

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON delivered the opinion of the Court.
A criminal defendant has many unassailable rights dur-
ing his trial, including the right not to testify and the right
to access his lawyer. But if and when a defendant takes the
witness stand in his own defense, his status shifts. He does
not shed his rights as a criminal defendant. But he does
assume some of the burdens of a testifying witness.
This case requires us to navigate a tension between one
of those rights and one of those burdens. The right is a de-
fendant's entitlement to the advice of counsel unrestricted
by judicial interference. The burden is a witness's respon-
sibility to offer sworn testimony uninfluenced by a lawyer's
midstream tinkering. Both are longstanding and funda-
mental, as the right forms the heart of the Sixth Amend-
ment's right to counsel and the burden serves the central
truth-seeking function of a trial.
We have twice addressed this tension in the context of a
trial recess that interrupts a defendant's testimony. We
held in Geders v. United States, (1976), that a
court may not prevent a testifying defendant from confer-
ring with his lawyer during an overnight recess. We held
in Perry v. Leeke, (1989), that a court may
prevent a testifying defendant from conferring with his
2 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

lawyer during a brief daytime recess. The trial courts in
both cases had imposed unqualified bans that separated cli-
ent from counsel entirely.
This case presents a third scenario: an overnight recess
that interrupts a defendant's testimony -- but one in which
the court allows counsel to speak with his client while lim-
iting the content of the discussion. The court here prohib-
ited the defendant's lawyer only from "managing" the de-
fendant's testimony; it permitted all other discussion.
Because we conclude that this qualified conferral order per-
missibly balanced the right to counsel against the burden
of offering unaltered trial testimony, we affirm.
I
David Villarreal's murder trial culminated with his own
testimony. The only defense witness, Villarreal testified
that he stabbed the victim in self-defense while the victim
was trying to choke him to death.
A 24-hour overnight recess interrupted Villarreal's direct
testimony. Before the recess, the trial judge gave Villarreal
the instruction that has become the centerpiece of this ap-
peal. Apparently concerned that Villarreal's counsel might
coach Villarreal to adjust the remainder of his testimony,
the judge sought to narrow Villarreal's ability to confer with
his attorneys overnight.
The judge and Villarreal's counsel engaged in an ex-
tended back-and-forth over the scope of the order. In the
end, the trial judge left Villarreal's attorneys with this di-
rective: "[A]sk yourselves before you talk to [Villarreal]
about something, is this something that -- manage[s] his
testimony in front of the jury?" 707 S. W. 3d 138, 142 (Tex.
Crim. App. 2024). Addressing Villarreal, the judge clari-
fied: "I'm not telling you, you can't talk to them." Ibid. In-
deed, the judge recognized that Villarreal had "a constitu-
tional right to confer" with his attorneys about certain
topics. Ibid. "For instance, suppose... you need to start
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

talking... about possible sentencing issues, you can do
that." Ibid. But to the extent Villarreal's lawyers wished
to "manage" his testimony, the judge placed that off limits.
Ibid.
Villarreal's lawyers objected under the Sixth Amendment
but indicated that they understood the order's scope. Id.,
at 142 -- 143. Villarreal resumed his testimony 24 hours
later and was subsequently convicted of murder; he re-
ceived a 60-year sentence. Id., at 140, 143. At no point did
Villarreal or his attorneys suggest that the qualified confer-
ral order had inhibited any conversation they wished to
have. See id., at 143.
II
The Court of Appeals of Texas affirmed Villarreal's con-
viction, see 596 S. W. 3d 338 (2019), as did the Texas Court
of Criminal Appeals (TCCA), see 707 S. W. 3d 138. The
TCCA understood the challenged conferral order as an ef-
fort to "preserv[e] the truth-seeking function of trial" and
thus construed the order as prohibiting Villarreal's lawyers
from "managing" his "ongoing testimony." Id., at 146. In
the TCCA's view, the order was a permissible exercise of
the trial court's discretion because it "only restricted discus-
sions of [Villarreal's] ongoing testimony and nothing else."
Ibid. Although a defendant must be able to confer with
counsel about the "effects" of his testimony, the TCCA rea-
soned, a trial court may prohibit more explicit discussion of
the defendant's testimony itself. Id., at 145. The TCCA ex-
plained that a trial court may, for example, order defense
counsel not to "coach the testimony to course-correct a dis-
astrous direct examination to brace against the impact of
the upcoming cross-examination." Ibid.
In separate writings, multiple TCCA judges expressed
hesitation with the "murky" line that emerges from Geders
and Perry. See 707 S. W. 3d, at 147 -- 148 (Yeary, J., concur-
ring). They worried that confusion about the proper scope
4 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

of conferral orders risks trenching on a defendant's Sixth
Amendment right to obtain full, unqualified advice on mat-
ters key to the effective assistance of counsel, such as
whether to plead guilty. See id., at 148 (same); id., at 150
(Keel, J., concurring).
Those judges are among many who have struggled with
the permissibility of similar orders and who have diverged
both in their bottom-line conclusions and in their reason-
ing.1 We granted certiorari to clarify the Sixth Amend-
ment's boundaries. (2025).
III
The Sixth Amendment guarantees as "fundamental" a
criminal defendant's right to consult with his counsel. See,
e.g., Powell v. Alabama, (1932). When a
defendant opts to take the witness stand, however, he
"[a]ssum[es] the position of a witness," with its attendant
"criticisms and burdens." Reagan v. United States, (1895). One such burden: Courts may limit
advice from counsel aimed at "influenc[ing] the testimony
in light of the testimony already given." Geders, 425 U. S.,
at 87.
During a normal trial recess -- one that does not interrupt
the defendant's testimony -- no such influence is threatened
and the Constitution plainly protects a defendant's right to
access his counsel without judicial interference. But during
a midtestimony recess (when the defendant not only enjoys
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Compare, e.g., Martin v. United States, 991 A. 2d 791, 794 -- 795, and

(D. C. 2010) (concluding that an order banning discussion of testi-
mony during an overnight recess violated the Sixth Amendment and col-
lecting supporting cases), with Beckham v. Commonwealth, 248 S. W. 3d
547, 553 (Ky. 2008) (allowing an order "permitting the defendant to have
contact with his attorneys during an overnight recess while limiting that
contact by telling the attorneys to not discuss their client's ongoing tes-
timony"). See also United States v. Triumph Capital Group, Inc., 487
F. 3d 124, 127, 133 (CA2 2007) (noting that "courts have struggled to
define the constitutional line between Geders and Perry").
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

the Sixth Amendment's protection but also bears a wit-
ness's burdens), it is less clear whether and to what extent
the Sixth Amendment permits judge-imposed restrictions
on the defendant's access to counsel.
This Court first encountered that question in Geders. An
overnight recess divided Geders's direct testimony from his
cross-examination. Before the recess, the judge ordered
Geders not to discuss the case overnight with anyone. 425
U. S., at 82 -- 83, and. Geders's attorney objected to this
absolute conferral ban, explaining that he believed his cli-
ent had a right to confer with him "about matters other
than the imminent cross-examination." Id., at 82.
This Court agreed. The trial judge's order, we explained,
was a species of the traditional practice of witness seques-
tration. "Applied to nonparty witnesses," the practice is un-
objectionable and "within sound judicial discretion." Id., at
88. But Geders "was not simply a witness; he was also the
defendant." Ibid. And whereas "[a] nonparty witness ordi-
narily has little, other than his own testimony, to discuss
with trial counsel" during an overnight recess, the same is
not true of a defendant: "It is common practice during such
recesses for an accused and counsel to discuss the events of
the day's trial." Ibid. Indeed, we explained,
"[s]uch recesses are often times of intensive work, with
tactical decisions to be made and strategies to be re-
viewed. The lawyer may need to obtain from his client
information made relevant by the day's testimony, or
he may need to pursue inquiry along lines not fully ex-
plored earlier. At the very least, the overnight recess
during trial gives the defendant a chance to discuss
with counsel the significance of the day's events." Ibid.
For those reasons, we held in Geders that the Sixth
Amendment precludes the judge from keeping a defendant
and his lawyer apart during that crucial interlude in the
defendant's testimony. We observed that concerns about
6 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

"the problem of possible improper influence on testimony or
'coaching' of a witness" can be addressed without so blunt
an instrument as a complete overnight barrier. Id., at 89.
And, "[t]o the extent that conflict remains" between the
Constitution and the interest in untutored cross-
examination, we concluded that "the conflict must, under
the Sixth Amendment, be resolved in favor of the right to
the assistance and guidance of counsel." Id., at 91.
Geders explicitly reserved judgment regarding the consti-
tutionality of a shorter conferral restriction, like one gov-
erning "a brief routine recess during the trial day." Id., at
89,. But when that question arose 13 years later in
Perry, we upheld the restriction, emphasizing a defendant's
shift in status when he takes the stand. "[B]efore he begins
to testify," we reasoned, a defendant "has an absolute right"
to consult with his lawyer. 488 U. S., at 281. When he be-
comes a witness, however, a competing duty arises: the
duty to advance "the truth-seeking function of the trial."
Id., at 282. That function, we explained, is best served
when testimony is unaided by "an opportunity to consult
with third parties," such as lawyers, about the course of
one's testimony once it has begun. Ibid.
Then, Perry made a key observation: As a practical mat-
ter, a truth-undermining consultation is exactly the kind of
communication likely to happen during a brief daytime re-
cess. That is, during a brief recess, "there is a virtual cer-
tainty that any conversation between the witness and the
lawyer would relate to the ongoing testimony." Id., at 283 -- 
284. Notably, this fact differentiated the Perry recess from
the Geders one. When (as in Geders) the recess stretches
overnight, the discussion will likely "encompass matters
that go beyond the content of the defendant's own testi-
mony -- matters that the defendant does have a constitu-
tional right to discuss with his lawyer, such as the availa-
bility of other witnesses, trial tactics, or even the possibility
of negotiating a plea bargain." Perry, 488 U. S., at 284.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

Perry therefore held that what the Sixth Amendment for-
bids overnight (a total conferral ban), it permits during a
brief daytime recess. Perry also suggested that, during such
a brief recess, trial courts might opt for a lesser included
restriction -- one that would permit consultation on pro-
tected topics "but forbid discussion of ongoing testimony."
Ibid.,.
We acknowledged in Perry that "the line between the
facts of Geders and" Perry "is a thin one." Id., at 280. It is
nonetheless "a line of constitutional dimension." Ibid.
IV
A
Before us, Villarreal and Texas place that line along dif-
ferent axes. For Villarreal, the line is temporal. Villarreal
concedes that, during a brief daytime recess, a defendant
has no right to confer. But during an overnight recess, Vil-
larreal insists, the conferral right is absolute and unquali-
fied; that is, an overnight recess is different in kind such
that the Sixth Amendment admits no restriction.
For Texas, the line is substantive. The reason Perry held
a total nonconferral order permissible during a brief day-
time recess, Texas argues, is because of the unprotected
content of discussion that presumably occupies such a re-
cess, not simply because of the amount of time the recess
lasts. And if that is so, then a court order prohibiting only
unprotected content (like, Texas posits, the one here) com-
ports with the Sixth Amendment.2
We conclude that Texas is correct. Underlying Perry are
two premises. One is factual and the other legal, but both
are content based. First, while Perry recognizes that a tes-
tifying defendant has a constitutional right during a
midtestimony recess to consult with his lawyer about a
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The lower courts have likewise diverged with respect to this subsidi-

ary time-versus-content question. See Serrano v. Fischer, 412 F. 3d 292,
299 -- 300 (CA2 2005) (Sotomayor, J.) (collecting cases).
8 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

wide range of topics -- "the availability of other witnesses,
trial tactics, or even the possibility of negotiating a plea bar-
gain," id., at 284 -- it posits that a short break in a defend-
ant's appearance on the witness stand is unlikely to feature
such topics. Instead, such a pause will likely contain dis-
cussion of "nothing but the testimony." Ibid. So, then,
Perry's second (correlative) premise emerges: A midtesti-
mony defendant does not have a protected Sixth Amend-
ment right to discuss his ongoing testimony with his law-
yer. Put differently, where no nontestimony topics are
involved, the Sixth Amendment provides no constitutional
right to consultation during breaks in the defendant's testi-
mony. Id., at 281.
In less prominent form, the same content-based premises
undergird Geders. The Court there explained that a defend-
ant differs from a normal witness because the defendant
has matters "other than his own testimony" to discuss. 425
U. S., at 88. And Geders's lawyer appar-
ently shared that same assumption, because he insisted
that he and his client must be permitted to confer "about
matters other than the imminent cross-examination." Id.,
at 82.
Villarreal's hardline position -- that the Sixth Amend-
ment permits no restriction of a defendant's consultation
right during an overnight recess -- thus fails to account for
the content-related premises underlying Geders and Perry.
It is inconsistent too with another such premise: Perry's ex-
planation that something shifts "when a defendant becomes
a witness." 488 U. S., at 281; see also id., at 282 ("[W]hen
he assumes the role of a witness, the rules that generally
apply to other witnesses -- rules that serve the truth-
seeking function of the trial -- are generally applicable to
him as well"). Villarreal says the shift merely allows a
judge to prohibit "impermissible coaching," which Villarreal
defines as soliciting perjury. Tr. of Oral Arg. 37. But, of
course, soliciting perjury is always improper; a judge's
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

instruction to avoid it would raise no more eyebrows at the
outset of trial than leading into a midtestimony recess. See
Nix v. Whiteside, (1986). On Villarreal's
view, the defendant's taking the witness stand works no
change in the judge's discretion to preserve "the truth-seek-
ing function of the trial." Perry, 488 U. S., at 282.
By contrast, Texas's reading -- and now ours -- gives con-
tent to Perry's framework: What shifts is the protection af-
forded to a certain subset of consultation. That subset, we
hold, is discussion of testimony for its own sake -- what
Perry called "nothing but the testimony." Id., at 284. A de-
fense attorney may rehearse her client's testimony before
her client takes the witness stand. See ABA Standing Com-
mittee on Ethics and Professional Responsibility, Formal
Opinion 508: The Ethics of Witness Preparation 1 -- 4 (Aug.
5, 2023) (Formal Opinion 508). And a defense attorney may
debrief her client's testimony after her client leaves the wit-
ness stand for good. Such discussion of testimony qua tes-
timony is entirely proper and the consultation that enables
it is constitutionally protected before the defendant's testi-
mony begins and after it concludes. But for the duration of
the defendant's time on the stand, consultation about the
testimony itself -- rather than incidental discussion of testi-
mony in service of protected topics -- sheds its constitutional
protection.
This means that, as even Texas acknowledges, a court
cannot prohibit a lawyer from asking his client about a new
potential witness or a piece of evidence mentioned for the
first time during the defendant's testimony, or a defendant
from asking his lawyer about compliance with the court's
evidentiary rulings. See Brief for Respondent 27 -- 28. What
it may prohibit is discussion of testimony for its own sake.
Such discussion threatens to shape the defendant's testi-
mony and undermine the trial's search for the truth.
This rule follows naturally from our precedents and the
principles underlying them; in particular, the recognition
10 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

that conferral orders are "a corollary" of the traditional
practice of witness sequestration, refashioned to accommo-
date the special protections of a defendant. Perry, 488 U. S.,
at 281 -- 282. Witness sequestration (the exclusion of a wit-
ness from the courtroom prior to his testimony) prevents
the witness from "adapt[ing] his testimony... to victory ra-
ther than to veracity, so as to meet the necessities as laid
open by prior" testimony. 6 J. Wigmore, Evidence,
p. 502 (3d ed. 1940); accord, Perry, 488 U. S., at 281 -- 282.
Pure sequestration is, of course, incompatible with a de-
fendant's right to attend his trial and to consult his attor-
ney. See Geders, 425 U. S., at 88; Brooks v. Tennessee, (1972). But a rule prohibiting the discussion
of testimony for its own sake mimics sequestration within
constitutional bounds. It restrains real-time feedback
aimed at chameleonic adjustments in the defendant's testi-
mony and thus (like true sequestration) advances "the cen-
tral function of the trial, which is to discover the truth."
Portuondo v. Agard, (2000).
In short, we agree that "[t]he difference between Perry
and Geders is not the quantity of communication restrained
but its constitutional quality." United States v. Padilla, 203
F. 3d 156, 160 (CA2 2000). And while many topics retain
constitutional protection during extended breaks in a de-
fendant's testimony (see Part IV -- B, infra), testimony qua
testimony does not.3
B
While not a model of clarity, the trial judge's order here
did enough to tailor the "quality" of forbidden consultation,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 To be clear, we address here only the constitutional protection for -- 

and not the ethical propriety of -- discussion of testimony during an over-
night recess. In other words, this opinion solely considers the extent of
a court's discretion to ban such consultation. See Perry v. Leeke, -- 285 (1989). We do not disturb what a lawyer may discuss
with her client in the absence of a court order. Nor do we touch upon
what a lawyer must discuss with her client to render effective assistance.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

Padilla, 203 F. 3d, at 160, to the rule we discern from
Geders and Perry. As the TCCA explained, the order pro-
hibited Villarreal's lawyers from "managing" his "ongoing
testimony." 707 S. W. 3d, at 146. Forbidding that mode of
discussion permissibly balanced the truth-seeking function
of the trial against Villarreal's right to discuss protected
topics with his lawyers.
Those protected topics are not insignificant. Indeed, un-
der the rule we announce, many topics a testifying defend-
ant and his lawyer might discuss during a midtestimony
overnight recess remain protected. No less than before or
after his testimony, a defendant's access to advice about
trial strategy remains essential to the collaborative enter-
prise that is criminal defense. See McCoy v. Louisiana, -- 424 (2018). We have long held that " '[a]n
accused is entitled to be assisted' " -- not merely directed -- 
" 'by an attorney.' " Kimmelman v. Morrison, (1986) ).4 And just as lawyer advises client, so too
does client advise lawyer: "More than merely allowing the
defendant to participate in tactical decisions, consultation
enables the lawyer to obtain factual information crucial to
making them." United States v. McLaughlin, 164 F. 3d 1,
17 (CADC 1998) (Tatel, J., dissenting).
As we explained in Perry, a court may not stem this col-
laboration merely because it involves incidental discussion
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 See also, e.g., Faretta v. California, (1975) (explain-

ing that the Sixth Amendment "speaks of the 'assistance' of counsel, and
an assistant, however expert, is still an assistant"); Gannett Co. v. De-
Pasquale, (1979) (observing that the Sixth
Amendment "contemplat[es] a norm in which the accused, and not a law-
yer, is master of his own defense"); Florida v. Nixon, 
(2004) ("Defense counsel undoubtedly has a duty to discuss potential
strategies with the defendant" );
Morris v. Slappy, (1983) (Brennan, J., concurring in re-
sult) ("[T]he attorney must work closely with the defendant in formulat-
ing defense strategy").
12 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

of testimony. 488 U. S., at 284; accord, Geders, 425 U. S.,
at 91 (explaining that any conflict between the Sixth
Amendment and the desire for untutored testimony must
"be resolved in favor of the right to the assistance and guid-
ance of counsel"). For example, a court cannot prohibit a
defendant from obtaining his attorney's advice on whether
and why he should consider a guilty plea -- even if the "why"
includes the impact of his ongoing testimony on the trial's
prospects. The Sixth Amendment does not abide a take-my-
word-for-it vision of the attorney-client relationship. It
does, however, tolerate a midtestimony conferral order pro-
hibiting discussion of testimony as such, lest that discus-
sion shape future testimony "in light of the testimony al-
ready given." Id., at 87. The no-testimony-management
order entered here falls on the constitutional side of that
line.5
C
Having rejected Villarreal's frontline argument (that the
Sixth Amendment affirmatively protects access to testi-
mony management during an overnight recess), we also re-
ject his backup. Even if the Sixth Amendment's protection
does not itself span the full range of topics that might come
up during a midtestimony recess, Villarreal asks for a
prophylactic rule bubble-wrapping what the Sixth Amend-
ment does protect. In Villarreal's view, a line dividing dis-
cussion of testimony from discussion of other topics is "no
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The line between discussion of testimony for its own sake and discus-

sion of testimony incidental to other topics may not always be razor
sharp. We trust that defense counsel will not evade the spirit of qualified
conferral orders by couching discussion of testimony qua testimony in
strategic terms. For instance, unprotected discussion does not become
protected simply by way of a preface explaining that a defendant's
"chances of acquittal will improve" if he adjusts his testimony. Although
such advice involves strategic considerations, at its core it seeks to shape
future testimony in light of past testimony and thus is unprotected. Ac-
cord, post, at 4 -- 5 (ALITO, J., concurring).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

line at all." Brief for Petitioner 25. And so Villarreal fears
that conferral orders like the one at issue here will operate
to chill protected discussion in effect even if they do not do
so formally. Villarreal thus demands a bright-line rule per-
mitting no restrictions overnight.
This argument, which is not without force, has persuaded
a number of lower courts. See, e.g., United States v. Santos,
201 F. 3d 953, 965 (CA7 2000) ("Perry makes clear" that a
no-discussion-of-testimony order violates the Sixth Amend-
ment because it "would as a practical matter preclude the
assistance of counsel across a range of legitimate legal and
tactical questions"); United States v. Triumph Capital
Group, Inc., 487 F. 3d 124, 132 -- 133 (CA2 2007) (similar);
United States v. Cobb, 905 F. 2d 784, 792 (CA4 1990) (sim-
ilar). But, importantly, those courts addressed conferral or-
ders banning any and all discussion of the defendant's tes-
timony, even if incidental to protected topics.
Uncompromising no-testimony-discussion orders like
those are easy to articulate and hard to apply. That is be-
cause, as we have explained, protected discussion -- e.g., de-
liberation over whether to accept a guilty plea -- often must
involve some discussion of testimony. The courts of appeals
that have prohibited blanket no-discussion orders have rea-
sonably feared that directives preventing all discussion of
testimony, full stop, would be impermissibly overbroad and
thus dilute the Sixth Amendment's guarantee.
The same concern is not present with an order prohibit-
ing only discussion of "nothing but the testimony." Perry,
488 U. S., at 284. Consultation about testimony itself -- 
practicing it, debriefing it, and the like -- is a recognized,
distinct tool in every trial lawyer's preparatory arsenal.
See, e.g., Brief for Legal Ethics Scholars as Amici Curiae
10 -- 11; Formal Opinion 508, at 1 -- 2. We trust that lawyers
ordered to sheathe that tool overnight will have no diffi-
culty doing so.
14 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

V
We do not share JUSTICE THOMAS's view that today's de-
cision "needlessly expands our precedents." Post, at 2 (opin-
ion concurring in judgment). It is true that "Perry never
stated" the rule we draw from it and Geders. Post, at 7. If
it did, there would have been no need to take this case. But
for the reasons explained above, today's result follows
neatly from our precedents.
"[B]efore he begins to testify," a defendant "has an abso-
lute right" to confer with his lawyer. Perry, 488 U. S., at
281; accord, Geders, 425 U. S., at 88. Once he begins to tes-
tify, what was absolute becomes qualified, as "the testifying
defendant does not have a constitutional right to advice"
about his "ongoing testimony." Perry, 488 U. S., at 284. But
the testifying defendant "does have a constitutional right to
discuss" "matters that go beyond the content of [his] own
testimony," even though "such discussions will inevitably
include some consideration of the defendant's ongoing tes-
timony." Ibid.; accord, Geders, 425 U. S., at 88, 91. We say
no more than that today.
* * *
The conferral order here prevented only one thing during
the overnight recess that bifurcated Villarreal's testimony:
Villarreal's lawyers could not manage his ongoing testi-
mony in light of the testimony he had already given. Such
management amounts to discussion of testimony qua testi-
mony and therefore falls on the unprotected side of the line
we discern from our precedents. Accordingly, the conferral
order did not ban or impermissibly chill constitutionally
protected consultation. The judgment of the TCCA is af-
firmed.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

ALITO, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 557
_________________

DAVID ASA VILLARREAL, PETITIONER v. TEXAS
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF CRIMINAL
APPEALS OF TEXAS
[February 25, 2026]

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring.
I agree that the trial court did not violate petitioner's
Sixth Amendment right to the assistance of counsel by re-
stricting consultation with his attorney during an overnight
midtestimonial recess. I write to set out the framework un-
der which courts should analyze limitations on communica-
tions between a criminal defendant and his attorney during
a break in the defendant's testimony.
I
I begin with a word about the origin and nature of the
constitutional right that petitioner invokes, that is, the
right to confer with his attorney during an overnight break
in his testimony. Petitioner claims that the Sixth Amend-
ment right to the assistance of counsel includes this right.
When the Sixth Amendment was adopted, however, crimi-
nal defendants could not testify in their own defense be-
cause they were not considered competent witnesses. See
Rock v. Arkansas, -- 50 (1987). It follows that
a defendant could not consult with an attorney about such
testimony. Most States did not allow defendants to take the
stand until well into the 19th century, see Ferguson v. Geor-
gia, -- 577, and nn. 5 -- 6 (1961), and this
Court did not squarely recognize a defendant's constitu-
tional right to testify in his own defense until its 1987 deci-
sion in Rock, 483 U. S., at 49. Even then, the Court did not
2 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., concurring

hold that the Sixth Amendment alone conferred this right.
The Court pointed to several possible sources of the right
but appeared to rely primarily on the Due Process Clause.
See id., at 51. And the Court made clear that the constitu-
tional right to testify was subject to limitations designed to
protect the truth-seeking function of trial. Id., at 55 -- 56,
and. Limitations on midtestimonial attorney-client
communications must therefore be analyzed against this
backdrop.
II
In considering the permissible scope of a defendant's
midtestimonial consultation, it is helpful to begin with the
baseline situation in which a defendant completes both di-
rect and cross-examination without any break in the pro-
ceedings. In that situation, the governing rules allow the
jury to hear the defendant's story in his own words from his
own mouth, not a version of that story scripted or choreo-
graphed by counsel. A defendant may not, for instance, sign
and present to the jury a carefully crafted affidavit of events
written by counsel. Nor may the defense show the jury a
video in which the defendant recites a prepared statement.
And when the defendant is on the stand, defense counsel
cannot pass him notes or speak to him via an earpiece.
Instead, the defendant must take the stand and speak di-
rectly to the jury in his own words. During direct examina-
tion, defense counsel generally may not lead the witness.
Fed. Rule Evid. 611(c). That is, counsel may not ask ques-
tions in a form that suggests the answer that the defendant
should give. And during cross-examination, counsel's par-
ticipation is limited to objecting to any improper questions.
Otherwise, the defendant is on his own.
A break in the proceeding -- either a short break during
the trial day or an overnight recess -- should not fundamen-
tally alter the rule that the defendant must testify without
coaching by counsel. That is why we have held that during
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

ALITO, J., concurring

a brief break a trial judge may prohibit all communications
between the defendant and counsel. Perry v. Leeke, (1989). In that situation, we observed, there
was a "virtual certainty" that any communication between
the defendant and his attorney would "relate to the ongoing
testimony." Id., at 283 -- 284. When a defendant decides to
take the stand, his testimony is a critical stage of the trial.
If the jury comes away with a low opinion of his character
or simply disbelieves his testimony, the chances of convic-
tion increase, and if the jury forms a favorable opinion of
the defendant and believes his testimony, he has a greater
chance of acquittal. Thus, during this critical phase, coun-
sel will almost certainly prioritize bolstering the defend-
ant's testimony over all other matters. And since a short
break gives the defendant and counsel little time to con-
verse, they will likely discuss only the most urgent topic at
hand. With much at stake and limited time for consulta-
tion, it is almost certain that any discussion will concern
the remainder of the client's make-or-break testimony, not
other matters that can be discussed after the testimony
ends.
A trial judge could deal with this situation by allowing
the defendant and counsel to confer but instructing them
not to talk about the defendant's testimony. But the judge
would have little ability to determine whether the defend-
ant and counsel obeyed this instruction. The judge could
not sit in on their conversation or later ask them what they
said. Instead, the judge would have to rely heavily on the
attorney's good faith. Although we may presume that most
defense attorneys would try to follow the judge's instruc-
tions, our decision in Perry -- holding that consultation dur-
ing a short midtestimonial break may be completely
barred -- eliminates the danger of noncompliance.
4 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

ALITO, J., concurring

III
When a defendant's testimony cannot be completed by
the end of a trial day, the situation is somewhat different.
Some things remain the same: Because of its centrality, the
defendant's testimony is very likely still the top priority.
Accordingly, counsel's incentive to improve that testimony
will remain strong. But because they will have more time,
the likelihood that the attorney and client will also seek to
discuss matters unrelated to the defendant's testimony will
be greater. And particularly if the defendant's testimony is
anticipated to finish before the end of the next trial day, the
attorney and client might need to discuss other defense wit-
nesses who will follow the defendant on the stand, as well
as any rebuttal witnesses the prosecution might call.
In light of these different circumstances, the Court struck
a different balance in Geders v. United States, 
(1976), and held that a trial judge may not prohibit all at-
torney-client consultation during an overnight break. But
that decision did not alter the baseline rule that, if a de-
fendant elects to take the stand, the jury is entitled to hear
the defendant's own story in his own words, not a version
crafted or edited by counsel. Thus, during an overnight
break, a defendant may consult his attorney about matters
other than the defendant's testimony, but any efforts to
shape what the defendant will say when he resumes testi-
fying are improper. And attempts to achieve that end indi-
rectly are just as improper as attempts to do so directly.
For example, consider what defense counsel could and
could not properly say during an overnight break concern-
ing the tactical decision whether to seek a plea deal. Coun-
sel could say, "Let's discuss what plea terms you would be
willing to agree to," or, "We should seek a deal because
there is a strong chance the jury will find you guilty." But
counsel could not say: "We will really need to secure a deal
unless you clean up mistakes A, B, and C that you made
today on the stand." Nor could counsel say: "We will really
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

ALITO, J., concurring

need to secure some sort of deal unless, when you return to
the stand tomorrow, you stop scowling, looking down, and
making nervous gestures with your fingers." Such efforts
would constitute the sort of improper "coaching" that
Geders does not allow. They would not be "incidental."
Ante, at 9, 12, and, 13.
At bottom, a defendant and his counsel may not engage
in midtestimonial discussions that affect the truth-seeking
function of trial by improving or shaping the defendant's
ongoing testimony. I join the majority opinion with the un-
derstanding that it draws this line.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 557
_________________

DAVID ASA VILLARREAL, PETITIONER v. TEXAS
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF CRIMINAL
APPEALS OF TEXAS
[February 25, 2026]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring in the judgment.
David Villarreal testified in his own defense at his mur-
der trial. Partway through Villarreal's testimony, trial re-
cessed for the day. The trial judge gave Villarreal and his
counsel an order limiting what they could discuss during
the break in his testimony. The judge told them that they
could confer with each other overnight, but not about Vil-
larreal's ongoing testimony. Villarreal was convicted. He
now challenges the trial judge's order as violating his Sixth
Amendment right to counsel.
The trial judge's order did not violate Villarreal's right to
counsel under our precedents. In Geders v. United States,
(1976), this Court held that a trial judge cannot
bar a testifying defendant from conferring with counsel
overnight because of his interest in discussing matters
"other than his own testimony." Id., at 88. In Perry v.
Leeke, (1989), this Court held that a trial
judge can bar a testifying defendant from conferring with
counsel during a 15-minute recess. Id., at 274, 283 -- 284.
Whatever right a defendant has to discuss other matters,
the Court held, he has no "right to discuss [his] testimony
while it is in process." Id., at 284. The trial judge's order
prohibiting discussion of Villarreal's ongoing testimony
plainly complied with both precedents.
2 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

I cannot join the Court's opinion because it opines on hy-
pothetical situations not before the Court and needlessly
expands our precedents. I therefore respectfully concur
only in the judgment.
I
Petitioner David Villarreal was charged with murder and
tried in Texas state court. Villarreal took the stand to tes-
tify in his own defense. While Villarreal was still on direct
examination, the judge had to recess trial for the day due to
a scheduling conflict. Ordinarily, a witness cannot consult
with counsel during his testimony. See Perry, 488 U. S., at
281 -- 282, and nn. 4 -- 5; Geders, 425 U. S., at 87. The trial
judge therefore instructed Villarreal's counsel not to dis-
cuss Villarreal's testimony overnight. But his order allowed
Villarreal to confer with counsel about matters other than
his ongoing testimony:
"THE COURT: Normally your lawyer couldn't come up
and confer with you about your testimony in the middle
of the trial and in the middle of having the jury hear
your testimony. And so I'd like to tell you that you can't
confer with your attorney but [at] the same time you
have a Sixth Amendment right to talk to your attorney.
"So I'm really going to put the burden on [counsel] to
tell you the truth.... I'm going to ask that [counsel]
pretend that Mr. Villarreal is on the stand. You
couldn't confer with him during that time......
"But I believe if you need to talk to your attorneys, I'm
not telling you, you can't talk to them. But I'm going to
rely on [counsel] to use your best judgment in talking
to [Villarreal] because you can't -- you couldn't confer
with him while he was on the stand about his testi-
mony....
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

"DEFENSE COUNSEL #1: All right. So just so I am
clear and don't violate any court orders, that -- because
he is still on direct and still testifying, that it is your
ruling that we cannot confer with our client?
"THE COURT: Let me help you with that. For in-
stance, suppose we go into a sentencing hearing and
you need to start talking to him about possible sentenc-
ing issues, you can do that. Does that make sense? I
don't want you discussing what you couldn't discuss
with him if he was on the stand in front of the [j]ury.
"DEFENSE COUNSEL #1: Okay.
"THE COURT: His testimony. I'm not sure whatever
else you'd like to talk with him about while he's on the
stand. But ask yourselves before you talk to him about
something, is this something that -- manage[s] his tes-
timony in front of the jury? Does that make sense to
you?
"DEFENSE COUNSEL #1: Sure, it does.
"DEFENSE COUNSEL #2: We aren't going to talk to
him about the facts that he testified about.
"THE COURT: All right. Fair enough. But at the same
time -- I'm going to put the burden on the lawyers, not
on him, because he has a constitutional right to confer
with you. At the same time, all lawyers are under -- 
they're under different rules than the defendants are......
"And you're going to have to decide, if he asks you any
questions and such, is this something that is going to
be considered to be conferring with him on the witness
stand while the jury is there or not." 707 S. W. 3d 138,
141 -- 142 (Tex. Crim. App. 2024) (some alterations and
boldface omitted).
4 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

Villarreal's counsel objected to the judge's order, but the
judge overruled that objection. Id., at 142 -- 143.
Villarreal resumed testifying the next day. Neither he
nor his counsel reported that the trial judge's order impeded
any discussions. The record does not reflect that they
planned to discuss any matter even arguably covered by the
judge's order. The jury later found Villarreal guilty of mur-
der.
On appeal, Villarreal argued that the trial judge's order,
by preventing him from discussing his ongoing testimony
with his counsel, violated his Sixth Amendment right to
counsel. The Texas Court of Appeals affirmed because a
trial court may "limit [a defendant's] right to confer with his
attorneys during an overnight recess to topics other than
his ongoing testimony." 596 S. W 3d 338, 343 (2019). The
Texas Court of Criminal Appeals also affirmed on the
ground that a defendant has no right to discuss "ongoing
testimony." 707 S. W. 3d, at 144 -- 146.
This Court granted certiorari. (2025).
II
The Sixth Amendment, made applicable to the States by
the Fourteenth Amendment, guarantees to a criminal de-
fendant the right to have "the Assistance of Counsel for his
defence." It was enacted in response to English laws that
sometimes forced defendants to represent themselves at
trial. See Garza v. Idaho, (2019)
(THOMAS, J., dissenting). This Court has interpreted it to
guarantee a defendant a right to discuss with counsel mat-
ters other than his ongoing testimony. The trial judge's or-
der here allowed Villarreal and his counsel to discuss mat-
ters other than Villarreal's ongoing testimony overnight, so
it did not violate his Sixth Amendment rights.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

A
Under our precedents, a defendant "has no constitutional
right to consult with his lawyer while he is testifying."
Perry, 488 U. S., at 281. Rather, "when he assumes the role
of a witness, the rules that generally apply to other wit-
nesses -- rules that serve the truth-seeking function of the
trial -- are generally applicable to him as well." Id., at 282.
Criminal defendants originally did not testify in their own
defense at trial. See Ferguson v. Georgia, -- 575 (1961). When they began doing so, this Court ex-
plained that they would do so "subject to all [the] criticisms
and burdens" of other witnesses. Reagan v. United States,
(1895). It is common practice for trial
judges to prohibit other witnesses from discussing their on-
going testimony with counsel. See Perry, 488 U. S., at 281 -- 
282, and nn. 4 -- 5; Geders, 425 U. S., at 87.
This Court has recognized only one exception to the gen-
eral rule that a defendant has no constitutional right to con-
sult with his lawyer while he is testifying. In Geders, this
Court held that a trial judge could not bar a defendant from
talking " 'about anything' " with counsel during an over-
night recess. Id., at 91. As this Court would explain, the
judge's order in Geders was unconstitutional only because
it would impede discussion of matters "beyond the content
of the defendant's own testimony." Perry, 488 U. S., at 284.
In Perry, this Court held that a trial judge therefore could
bar all conferral with counsel during a 15-minute recess be-
cause the Sixth Amendment does not protect discussion of
"th[e] testimony while it is in process." Ibid.
Allowing any witness to discuss his ongoing testimony
with counsel, Perry explained, would undermine the truth-
seeking function of the trial. "Once the defendant places
himself at the very heart of the trial process," the trial court
can ensure that "the story presented on direct is measured
for its accuracy and completeness by uninfluenced
6 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

testimony on cross-examination." Id., at 282 -- 283.
B
The trial judge's order here complied with our precedents.
The trial judge instructed defense counsel not to "discus[s]
what you couldn't discuss with [Villarreal] if he was on the
stand in front of the [j]ury," and explained that "you
couldn't confer with him while he was on the stand about
his testimony." 707 S. W. 3d, at 142 (boldface omitted). The
trial judge otherwise allowed Villarreal and his counsel to
meet and discuss anything that they wanted. Ibid. Under
Geders and Perry, the trial judge's order was constitutional
because Villarreal could discuss matters other than his tes-
timony. See Geders, 425 U. S., at 88; Perry, 488 U. S., at
284. Perry, in fact, specifically endorsed orders that "permit
consultation between counsel and defendant during such a
recess, but forbid discussion of ongoing testimony." Id., at
284,. The order therefore did not deny Villarreal "the
Assistance of Counsel for his defence." U. S. Const., Amdt.
6.
Perry also rejected Villarreal's main counterargument.
Villarreal argues that because it is difficult to distinguish
discussion of testimony from discussion of other matters, he
should have been able to discuss his testimony in order to
ensure that he could discuss other topics, too. Brief for Pe-
titioner 24 -- 38. But in Perry, three Justices dissented partly
because they, like Villarreal, did not believe that it was
"possible to distinguish discussions regarding trial strategy
from discussions regarding testimony." 488 U. S., at 295,
(opinion of Marshall, J.). The Perry majority made that
distinction nonetheless and endorsed orders that turn on
that distinction. Id., at 284,.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

III
I am unable to join the majority opinion because it unnec-
essarily expands these precedents. It purports to "an-
nounce" a "rule" under which a defendant has a constitu-
tional right to "discussion of testimony" so long as that
discussion is "incidental to other topics." Ante, at 9, 11, 12,. It identifies new circumstances, not presented here,
in which a defendant supposedly has a right to discuss mat-
ters related to his ongoing testimony. Ante, at 9 -- 10, 12.
And it endorses a methodology under which "any conflict
between the Sixth Amendment and the desire for untutored
testimony must 'be resolved in favor of the right to the as-
sistance and guidance of counsel.' " Ante, at 12.
The majority opinion finds no support in Perry. As for a
general right to discuss testimony, this Court in Perry ex-
plained in straightforward terms that "we do not believe the
defendant has a constitutional right to discuss [his] testi-
mony while it is in process." 488 U. S., at 284; cf. ante, at
9 -- 11. Perry therefore endorsed orders that categorically
"forbid discussion of ongoing testimony." 488 U. S., at 284,. That endorsement came in the context of a brief re-
cess. Id., at 284. But, unlike the majority opinion in this
case, see ante at 9, 12, Perry never stated that those sorts
of categorial orders are forbidden overnight. As for the po-
tential conflict between the possibility for conferral and un-
compromised testimony, see ante, at 12, Perry clarified that
the Court would not read Geders to demand resolving them
in favor of conferral in all cases. "[W]hen [a defendant] as-
sumes the role of a witness, the rules that generally apply
to other witnesses -- rules that serve the truth-seeking func-
tion of the trial -- are generally applicable to him as well."
Perry, 488 U. S., at 282. Defendants, in other words, are
generally "subject to" the same "criticisms and burdens" as
other witnesses. Reagan, 157 U. S., at 305.
The majority opinion does not claim that its approach
finds any support in the original meaning of the Sixth
8 VILLARREAL v. TEXAS

THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment

Amendment. The majority also does not claim that opining
on matters not presented by the facts was necessary to de-
cide this case, which involved an order that all agree was
constitutional.
I respectfully concur in the judgment.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 6 -- 19

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
December 10, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
6 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

BOUARFA v. MAYORKAS, SECRETARY OF
HOMELAND SECURITY, et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the eleventh circuit
No. 23 -- 583. Argued October 15, 2024 -- Decided December 10, 2024
Amina Bouarfa, a U. S. citizen, began the process of obtaining permanent
legal residence for Ala'a Hamayel, her noncitizen spouse, by fling a visa
petition with the U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).
Relevant here, USCIS "shall... approve" a visa petition if it "deter-
mines that the facts stated in the petition are true" and that the nonciti-
zen is the petitioner's spouse. 8 U. S. C..
But if the noncitizen has previously sought or received an immigration
beneft "by reason of a marriage determined by the Attorney General
to have been entered into for the purpose of evading the immigration
laws" -- known as the sham-marriage bar -- the agency must deny the
petition.. USCIS initially approved Bouarfa's visa petition.
Two years later, the agency sent Bouarfa a Notice of Intent to Revoke
Page Proof Pending Publication
its approval based on evidence suggesting that her husband had pre-
viously entered into a marriage for the purpose of evading immigration
laws. Although Bouarfa vigorously denied the evidence, the agency re-
voked its prior approval based on the Secretary of Homeland Security's
statutory authority under to "revoke the approval of any petition"
"for good and suffcient cause." The Board of Immigration Appeals af-
frmed the revocation, fnding that USCIS's determination that Hamayel
had entered into a prior sham marriage that would have prevented ini-
tial approval of the petition under constituted "good and suff-
cient cause" for revocation under.
Bouarfa challenged the agency's revocation in federal court. The
District Court dismissed the suit, holding that (2)(B)(ii) -- a pro-
vision that strips federal courts of jurisdiction to review certain discre-
tionary agency decisions -- barred judicial review of the agency's revoca-
tion. The Eleventh Circuit affrmed.
Held: Revocation of an approved visa petition under based on a
sham-marriage determination by the Secretary is the kind of discretion-
ary decision that falls within the purview of (2)(B)(ii), which
strips federal courts of jurisdiction to review certain actions "in the
discretion of " the agency. Pp. 13 -- 19.
(a) Section 1155 is a quintessential grant of discretion: The Secretary
"may" revoke a previously approved visa petition "at any time" for what
the Secretary deems "good and suffcient cause." Such a broad grant
 Cite as: (2024) 7

Syllabus

of authority "fairly exudes deference" to the Secretary and is similar to
other statutes held to " `commi[t]' " a decision " `to agency discretion.' "
Webster v. Doe,. Congress did not impose specifc
criteria or conditions limiting this authority, nor did it prescribe how or
when the Secretary must act. Context reinforces the discretion-
ary nature of. Section 1252(a)(2)(B)(ii)'s neighboring provision,
(2)(B)(i), bars judicial review under specifc provisions, each of
which contains language indicating that the decisions involved are en-
trusted to the discretion of the Attorney General. Section 1155 con-
tains similar language. Pp. 13 -- 15.
(b) Bouarfa argues that although some revocations are discretionary,
the revocation here was not, so (2)(B)(ii) does not apply to pre-
clude judicial review. Bouarfa contends that once the Secretary ap-
proves a petition and later determines that the benefciary had pre-
viously entered into a sham marriage, the Secretary has no choice but
to revoke the agency's approval. Neither the statutory text nor its con-
text limits the Secretary's discretion in this way. Pp. 15 -- 19.
(1) Contrary to Bouarfa's argument, 's text nowhere cre-
ates an ongoing duty for the agency to continually confrm that its initial
approval was sound. Instead, 's command to the agency ex-
tends only to the point of approval. Turning to 's context, Bou-
Page Proof Pending Publication
arfa argues that because a noncitizen may use an approved visa petition
to continue along the path toward permanent residency, Congress im-
plicitly required the agency to continually reassess its prior approval.
But nothing in the statutory scheme requires revisiting past decisions of
approval; rather, each stage of the process comes with its own criteria.
Indeed, the specifc grant of discretion in to revoke prior approval
of a visa petition forecloses the argument that Congress silently man-
dated revocation in certain situations. Pp. 16 -- 17.
(2) Bouarfa's assertion that the Secretary always revokes the
agency's approval of a visa petition if the agency later makes a sham-
marriage determination makes no difference because Congress did not
make the availability of judicial review dependent on agency practice.
Rather, (2)(B)(ii) bars judicial review of decisions "made discre-
tionary by legislation." Kucana v. Holder, -- 247 (em-
phasis added). Nor is it unreasonable to suggest that Congress created
a system in which a sham-marriage determination is subject to judicial
review when an agency denies a visa petition but not when the agency
revokes a prior approval. That distinction "refects Congress' choice to
provide reduced procedural protection for discretionary relief." Patel
v. Garland,. Pp. 17 -- 18.
(3) Precedent, likewise, does not mandate Bouarfa's interpretation.
Unlike the discretionary determination at issue in Patel v. Garland,
's revocation authorization has no "threshold requirements" to ac-
8 BOUARFA v. MAYORKAS

Opinion of the Court

cess the relevant discretion, 596 U. S., at 332, 347, so Patel does not help
Bouarfa. Finally, because the presumption that administrative action
is subject to judicial review may be overcome by " `clear and convincing
evidence' of congressional intent to preclude judicial review," Guerrero-
Lasprilla v. Barr, there is no need to resort to the
presumption of reviewability where, as here, "the statute is clear,"
Patel, 596 U. S., at 347. Pp. 18 -- 19.
75 F. 4th 1157, affrmed.

Jackson, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.

Samir Deger-Sen argued the cause for petitioner. With
him on the briefs were Peter Trombly, Margaret A. Upshaw,
Peter E. Davis, and David Stoller.
Colleen E. Roh Sinzdak argued the cause for respondents.
With her on the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Prin-
cipal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy
Solicitor General Gannon, and Samuel P. Go.*

Page
Justice Proof Pending
Jackson delivered Publication
the opinion of the Court.
A common feature of our Nation's complex system of law-
ful immigration is mandatory statutory rules paired with
discretionary exceptions. Executive Branch agencies im-

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for Administrative
and Immigration Law Professors by Andrew J. Pincus and Daniel E.
Jones; for the American Immigrant Investor Alliance et al. by Ira J. Kurz-
ban and Edward F. Ramos; for Former Executive Offce for Immigration
Review Judges by Richard W. Mark and Amer S. Ahmed; for the National
Immigrant Justice Center et al. by Victoria Dorfman, Nicole Henning,
Charles Roth, and Julius Kairey; and for the Northwest Immigrant
Rights Project et al. by Matt Adams, Leila Kang, Glenda M. Aldana
Madrid, Aaron Korthuis, Mary Kenney, Marc Van Der Hout, and
Johnny Sinodis.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Immigration
Reform Law Institute by Christopher J. Hajec; and for Thomas Fuller
Ogden, pro se.
Cody Wofsy, Cecillia D. Wang, Lee Gelernt, David D. Cole, and Daniel
B. Tilley fled a brief for the American Civil Liberties Union et al. as
amici curiae.
 Cite as: (2024) 9

Opinion of the Court

plement both. Whether any given agency decision
is mandatory or discretionary matters, because Congress has
limited judicial review of many discretionary determinations.
See 66 Stat. 208, as amended, 8 U. S. C. (2)(B). This
case involves the Secretary of Homeland Security's decision
to revoke initial approval of a visa petition that Amina Bou-
arfa, a U. S. citizen, filed on behalf of her noncitizen
spouse.
The Secretary points to 8 U. S. C. as the source of
the agency's revocation authority; that provision states that
the Secretary "may, at any time," revoke approval of a visa
petition "for what he deems to be good and suffcient cause."
The issue we address today is whether revocation under
qualifes as a decision "in the discretion of " the Secre-
tary such that it falls within the purview of a separate
statute -- (2)(B)(ii) -- that strips federal courts of ju-
risdiction to review certain discretionary actions. We hold
Page Proof Pending Publication
that it does.
I
A
The agency decision at issue in this case occurs along the
pathway to permanent legal status for a noncitizen spouse of
a U. S. citizen. There is no dispute about the steps involved.
A U. S. citizen kicks off the process by fling an immigrant
visa petition on behalf of her spouse with the U. S. Citizen-
ship and Immigration Services (USCIS), which exercises au-
thority delegated by the Attorney General and Secretary of
Homeland Security.. If USCIS approves the pe-
tition, the noncitizen may then apply for an immigrant visa to
enter the country as a lawful permanent resident, 1202(a), or, if he is already in the country, for adjustment of
status,.
USCIS's decision to approve or deny a visa petition fled
on behalf of a noncitizen spouse involves a number of manda-
tory determinations. For instance, if the agency "deter-
10 BOUARFA v. MAYORKAS

Opinion of the Court

mines that the facts stated in the petition are true" and that
the noncitizen is the petitioner's spouse, it "shall... approve
the petition.". However, as rel-
evant here, there is also a mandatory exception: If the non-
citizen "has previously been accorded" or "sought to be ac-
corded" an immigration beneft "by reason of a marriage
determined by the Attorney General to have been entered
into for the purpose of evading the immigration laws," the
agency must deny the petition.. This is known as
the sham-marriage bar, and, although we have never held
as much, the parties agree that judicial review under the
Administrative Procedure Act (APA), 5 U. S. C. et seq.,
is available to challenge the agency's invocation of it. See,
e. g., Mendoza v. Secretary, Dept. of Homeland Security, 851
F. 3d 1348, 1352, 1354 -- 1356 (CA11 2017) (per curiam); Ruiz
v. Mukasey, 552 F. 3d 269, 275 -- 276 (CA2 2009).
The visa-petition-approval process for noncitizen spouses
of U. S. citizens can also involve certain non-mandatory de-
Page Proof Pending Publication
terminations that Congress has authorized agency offcials
to make. One such statutory provision is at issue here: It
broadly states that the Secretary "may, at any time, for what
he deems to be good and suffcient cause, revoke the approval
of any petition.".1
We took this case to determine whether the Secretary's
decision under to revoke the agency's approval of
a visa petition based on a sham-marriage determination is
the kind of discretionary decision that falls within
(2)(B)(ii) -- a jurisdiction-stripping provision. As
noted above, in the immigration realm, properly identifying
the mandatory or discretionary nature of a particular agency
decision can be critical, precisely because that status has im-

1
In a separate provision, Congress has limited the reasons why the Sec-
retary may revoke the approval of a visa petition for some petitioners.
See 8 U. S. C.. That provision does not limit the Secretary's dis-
cretion to revoke based on a sham-marriage determination and is therefore
not relevant here.
 Cite as: (2024) 11

Opinion of the Court

plications for whether the agency's decision can be chal-
lenged in court. Through (2)(B), Congress stripped
federal courts of jurisdiction to review two categories of dis-
cretionary agency decisions. First, Congress precluded re-
view of "any judgment regarding the granting of relief
under" fve listed statutory provisions that empower the At-
torney General to grant certain relief to noncitizens.
(2)(B)(i). Second, in the provision at issue here,
Congress barred review of "any other decision or action of
the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security
the authority for which is specifed under this subchapter to
be in the discretion of the Attorney General or the Secre-
tary." 2 (2)(B)(ii).
B
Amina Bouarfa is a U. S. citizen who married Ala'a Ha-
mayel, a noncitizen and Palestinian national. They have
three young children, all of whom are U. S. citizens. A few
Page Proof Pending Publication
years after they married, Bouarfa fled a visa petition on
Hamayel's behalf.
USCIS initially approved the petition. But two years
later, the agency sent Bouarfa a Notice of Intent to Revoke
its approval. The agency informed Bouarfa that it had
uncovered evidence suggesting that, nearly a decade earlier,
her husband had entered into a marriage for the purpose
of evading immigration laws. According to the agency,
during an interrogation, Hamayel's ex-wife had stated that
her marriage with Hamayel had been "fraudulent" and that
she had asked him for $5,000 before fling a visa petition
on his behalf. App. to Pet. for Cert. 14a. The agency
told Bouarfa that, had it been aware of this evidence at the
time it reviewed her visa petition, it never would have ap-
proved it.

2
In certain contexts, Congress has restored judicial review over "consti-
tutional claims or questions of law." (2)(D). The parties agree
that this case does not implicate that provision.
12 BOUARFA v. MAYORKAS

Opinion of the Court

Bouarfa vigorously denied these characterizations. She
pointed out that her husband's ex-wife had later recanted her
statements, claiming that she had made them under duress.
Nonetheless, USCIS concluded that there was "substantial
and probative evidence to support a fnding that" Hamayel's
prior marriage "was for the purpose of conveying im-
migration benefts." Addendum to Brief for Petitioner
12a. Recognizing that the Secretary was permitted to "re-
voke the approval of any petition" "for good and suffcient
cause," id., at 9a, the agency decided to revoke approval of
the visa petition that Bouarfa had fled on her husband's
behalf.
Bouarfa appealed that revocation to the Board of Immigra-
tion Appeals, which affrmed. The Board explained that
USCIS had revoked its approval because it determined that
the "visa petition was approved in error" in light of
's sham-marriage bar. App. 12. On de novo review,
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Board concluded that the evidence supported USCIS's
determination that Hamayel had entered into a sham mar-
riage. The fact that such a determination would have pre-
vented the agency from approving the petition in the frst
instance, the Board found, constituted "good and suffcient
cause" for revocation. Id., at 15.
Having struck out before the agency, Bouarfa turned to
the courts. She fled an APA action in Federal District
Court, arguing that the agency's revocation was " `arbitrary
and capricious, an abuse of discretion and not in accordance
with law' " because the agency lacked suffcient evidence to
support its sham-marriage determination. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 25a. The District Court granted the Government's
motion to dismiss, holding that (2)(B)(ii), a
jurisdiction-stripping provision, barred judicial review of the
agency's revocation.
In Bouarfa v. Secretary, Dept. of Homeland Security, 75
F. 4th 1157 (2023), the Eleventh Circuit affrmed. It con-
cluded that the text of "makes clear that the Secre-
 Cite as: (2024) 13

Opinion of the Court

tary's authority to revoke the approval of a petition is discre-
tionary." Id., at 1162. In the court's view, it made no
difference that the agency rested its revocation on a determi-
nation that would have required the agency to deny the peti-
tion in the frst instance. "[N]othing in the statute," the
court reasoned, "requires the Secretary to revoke the ap-
proval of a petition in any circumstance, even when the De-
partment later determines that the approval was in error."
Ibid.
We granted certiorari to resolve a question that has split
the courts of appeals: Whether federal courts have jurisdic-
tion to review the Secretary's revocation of the agency's
prior approval of a visa petition. (2024).3
Bouarfa challenges the Secretary's revocation on the as-
sumption that the fact that her husband is not in removal
proceedings does not affect the jurisdictional analysis.4

II
Page Proof Pending
A
Publication
It is clear on the face of that the revocation provi-
sion is a quintessential grant of discretion to the Secretary.
Once again, that provision provides that the Secretary "may,
at any time, for what he deems to be good and suffcient
cause, revoke the approval of any [visa] petition.".
As "[t]his Court has `repeatedly observed,' " " `the word
"may" clearly connotes discretion.' " Biden v. Texas, 597

3
Two Circuits have held that federal courts may review challenges to
the Secretary's revocations, at least in some situations. See Jomaa v.
United States, 940 F. 3d 291, 294 -- 296 (CA6 2019); ANA Int'l, Inc. v. Way,
393 F. 3d 886, 894 (CA9 2004). A number of other Circuits have come out
the other way. See Nouritajer v. Jaddou, 18 F. 4th 85, 88 (CA2 2021) (per
curiam); Jilin Pharmaceutical USA, Inc. v. Chertoff, 447 F. 3d 196, 205
(CA3 2006); El-Khader v. Monica, 366 F. 3d 562, 568 (CA7 2004).
4
We therefore assume -- without deciding -- that (2)(B) applies
when, as here, a noncitizen is neither in removal proceedings nor seeking
review of a fnal order of removal.
14 BOUARFA v. MAYORKAS

Opinion of the Court

U. S. 785, 802 (2022) ). Moreover, here, Congress has in
no way prescribed how that discretion must be exercised.
There are no conditions that the Secretary must satisfy be-
fore he can revoke the agency's approval; he may do so "at
any time," for whatever reason "he deems to be good and
suffcient cause." That broad grant of authority "fairly ex-
udes deference" to the Secretary and is similar to other stat-
utes that we have held " `commi[t]' " a decision " `to agency
discretion.' " Webster v. Doe, (1988) (hold-
ing that a statute permitting the agency to terminate an em-
ployee whenever it " `deem[s] such termination necessary or
advisable in the interests of the United States' " was
discretionary).
Context reinforces what the text makes plain. Section
1252(a)(2)(B)(ii)'s neighboring provision, (2)(B)(i),
bars judicial review of determinations under fve statutory
Page Proof Pending Publication
provisions that address "different form[s] of discretionary
relief from removal." Kucana v. Holder, (2010). Each of those provisions "contains language
indicating that the decision is entrusted to the Attorney
General's discretion." Ibid.; see, e. g., ("The At-
torney General may cancel removal... "); (1) ("The
Attorney General may permit an alien voluntarily to
depart the United States... "). Section 1155 contains simi-
lar language.
Indeed, many of the undoubtedly discretionary provisions
listed in (2)(B)(i) vest less discretion in the Attorney
General than vests in the Secretary. The Attorney
General may, for instance, cancel removal for a permanent
resident only if he determines that the noncitizen has been
a lawful permanent resident for at least fve years, has con-
tinually resided in the United States for at least seven years,
and has not been convicted of an aggravated felony.. He may exercise his discretion to waive the con-
sequences of a fraud determination that would otherwise bar
 Cite as: (2024) 15

Opinion of the Court

relief only if failing to do so "would result in extreme hard-
ship" to the noncitizen's family members or, in certain situa-
tions, the noncitizen. (1). And he has discretion to
adjust a noncitizen's status only if he frst confrms that cer-
tain preconditions have been satisfed.. When it
comes to the Secretary's discretion to revoke the agency's
approval of a visa petition, though, Congress imposed no
such threshold requirements. If the provisions listed in
(2)(B)(i) pertain to discretionary agency determina-
tions, surely does too.
That discretion is a two-way street. By granting the Sec-
retary discretion to revoke the agency's approval of visa peti-
tions, Congress has also vested the Secretary with discretion
to decline to revoke an approval the agency previously gave.
So, if the Secretary determines that the agency's approval of
a visa petition was erroneous, he can revoke that approval -- 
or he can let the error stand. As a general matter, then,
this discretion may work to the beneft of visa-petition bene-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fciaries, since rather than tying the agency's hands by forc-
ing revocation, Congress created "room for mercy." Patel
v. Garland, (2022).
In any event, when the Secretary opts to revoke a petition
that he determines should not have been approved in the
frst place, the petitioner is not out of options. As the Gov-
ernment concedes, nothing prohibits a citizen from fling an-
other petition on behalf of the same relative. Brief for Re-
spondents 3. Indeed, Bouarfa has already taken advantage
of that alternative here. After the Secretary revoked the
agency's approval of her petition, Bouarfa fled another one.
That petition is still pending, and if it is denied due to the
agency's sham-marriage determination, Bouarfa can seek ju-
dicial review of that determination.

B
Bouarfa disputes hardly any of this. She concedes that
some revocations are discretionary for purposes of 
16 BOUARFA v. MAYORKAS

Opinion of the Court

(2)(B)(ii). But she argues that this particular revocation
was not. In Bouarfa's view, if the Secretary approves a visa
petition and later determines that the benefciary had pre-
viously entered into a sham marriage, the Secretary has no
choice but to revoke the agency's approval. We cannot
agree. Nothing in the statute's text or context limits the
Secretary's discretion in this way.

1
Bouarfa's textual argument rests on, which
she argues creates an ongoing duty for the agency to contin-
ually confrm that its prior approval was sound. Section
1154(c) commands that "no petition shall be approved" if the
Attorney General makes a sham-marriage determina-
tion. According to Bouarfa, we should interpret this provi-
sion as directing that "no petition shall be approved or
remain approved" if a sham-marriage determination is
Page Proof Pending Publication
made.
The problem for Bouarfa's argument is that no-
where suggests that its command extends beyond the point
of approval. Nothing in the provision mentions revocation.
And we need not guess in what situations Congress wanted
the Secretary to revoke the agency's approval, because Con-
gress answered that question directly: The Secretary "may"
do so whenever he "deems" there to be "good and suffcient
cause.". This specifc grant of discretion to revoke
forecloses the argument that Congress silently mandated
revocation in certain situations.
Turning to context, Bouarfa argues that, because a nonciti-
zen may use an approved visa petition to continue along the
path toward lawful permanent residency, Congress implicitly
required the agency to continually reassess whether its prior
approval was in error. But nothing about the statutory
scheme requires the agency to revisit its past decisions. In-
stead, each stage of the process comes with its own criteria.
 Cite as: (2024) 17

Opinion of the Court

See, e. g., (adjustment of status); (visa eligibil-
ity). Of course, if the Secretary determines at any point
along the way that the agency's prior approval of a visa peti-
tion was erroneous, he can exercise his discretion to revoke
it. Under Bouarfa's interpretation, the Secretary would be
required to do so any time he determined that the agency
made a mistake -- no matter the circumstance. Congress,
however, left that decision to the Secretary. The agency's
mea culpa may -- but need not -- result in the noncitizen los-
ing his ability to gain permanent residency.

2
With text and context against her, Bouarfa turns to agency
practice. She contends that, as a practical matter, the
Secretary always revokes the agency's approval of a visa pe-
tition if the agency later makes a sham-marriage determina-
tion. That may be true. At oral argument, the Govern-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment was unable to identify a single instance in which the
agency declined to revoke its approval after determining
that the benefciary had entered into a sham marriage. Tr.
of Oral Arg. 38. But Congress did not make the availability
of judicial review dependent on agency practice. Rather,
(2)(B)(ii) bars judicial review of decisions "made dis-
cretionary by legislation." Kucana, 558 U. S., at 246 -- 247. Furthermore, the fact that the agency
appears to be exercising its revocation discretion consist-
ently is a virtue, not a vice. Bouarfa's use-it-or-lose-it the-
ory of agency discretion creates perverse incentives, encour-
aging an agency to act arbitrarily (by revoking some
approvals after a sham-marriage fnding while maintaining
others) or risk losing congressionally granted insulation from
judicial review.
Nor is it unreasonable, as Bouarfa protests, to suppose that
Congress created a system in which a sham-marriage deter-
mination is reviewable if it is the reason for the agency's
18 BOUARFA v. MAYORKAS

Opinion of the Court

denial of a petition, but not if it is the reason for the agency's
revocation. That distinction "refects Congress' choice to
provide reduced procedural protection for discretionary re-
lief." Patel, 596 U. S., at 345. In the interest of fnality,
Congress vested the Secretary with the discretion to allow
the agency's mistakes to inure to the beneft of the nonciti-
zen. At the same time, Congress did not want this discre-
tion to open up a new source of litigation. Cf. Guerrero-
Lasprilla v. Barr, (2020) (observing
Congress's goal of " `consolidat[ing] judicial review of immi-
gration proceedings into one action' " ). "[T]he context in which" the
agency makes the sham-marriage determination thus "ex-
plains the difference in protection afforded." Patel, 596
U. S., at 345.5
3
Finally, our precedent does not mandate Bouarfa's inter-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pretation. In Patel, we held that (2)(B)(i) precludes
judicial review of factual fndings that underlie a denial of
discretionary relief -- including when those fndings are
"threshold requirements established by Congress" to access
the relevant discretion. Id., at 332, 347. In concluding that
(2)(B)(i) reaches those threshold determinations, we
relied on the fact that the provision prohibits judicial review
of "any judgment regarding the granting of relief " under the
enumerated provisions. Id., at 338. Bouarfa argues that,
because the jurisdiction-stripping provision at issue here

5
Bouarfa protests that this creates a loophole through which the agency
can insulate itself from judicial review by granting petitions it is supposed
to deny and then subsequently revoking its approval. But she points to
no evidence suggesting that the agency has done so in this case or
any other. Nor has she alleged that the agency violated constitutional
or procedural requirements when it revoked her petition. We express
no view as to whether a lawsuit with such allegations would be
reviewable.
 Cite as: (2024) 19

Opinion of the Court

lacks similar language, its scope must be narrower. But
even assuming that is true, that does not help Bouarfa here,
because unlike the discretionary determination at issue in
Patel, 's revocation authorization has no threshold
requirements. We therefore need not resolve whether
(2)(B)(ii) strips courts of jurisdiction to review
threshold determinations that the agency must make before
exercising discretion.
Bouarfa also leans on the general "presumption" that
administrative action is subject to judicial review. See
Guerrero-Lasprilla, 589 U. S., at 229. But that presump-
tion may be overcome by " `clear and convincing evidence'
of congressional intent to preclude judicial review." Ibid.
). Section 1252(a)(2)(B)(ii) -- "which is, after all, a
jurisdiction-stripping statute," Patel, 596 U. S., at 347 -- 
clearly expresses Congress's desire to preclude judicial re-
view of the Secretary's discretionary revocation of an ap-
Page Proof Pending Publication
proved visa petition. "Because the statute is clear, we have
no reason to resort to the presumption of reviewability."
Ibid.
* * *
In, Congress granted the Secretary broad authority
to revoke an approved visa petition "at any time, for
what he deems to be good and suffcient cause." Such a rev-
ocation is thus "in the discretion of " the agency.
(2)(B)(ii). Where (2)(B)(ii) applies, then, it
bars judicial review of the Secretary's revocation under. Therefore, we affrm the judgment of the Court of
Appeals.
It is so ordered.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 2
Pages 518 -- 541

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
March 26, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
518 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

UNITED STATES v. MILLER

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the tenth circuit
No. 23 -- 824. Argued December 2, 2024 -- Decided March 26, 2025
This case concerns the powers given a bankruptcy trustee under 
of the Bankruptcy Code to set aside, or "avoid," certain fraudulent
transfers of a debtor's assets. See 11 U. S. C. (1). Respondent
is the bankruptcy trustee of a failed Utah-based business whose share-
holders misappropriated $145,000 in company funds to satisfy their per-
sonal federal tax liabilities. Respondent fled an "avoidance" suit
against the United States seeking to claw back the misappropriated
funds for the beneft of the bankruptcy estate. He fled the action pur-
suant to, which allows a trustee to "avoid any transfer of an
interest of the debtor... that is voidable under applicable law by a
creditor holding an unsecured claim." But to prevail under, a
trustee must identify an "actual creditor" who could have voided the
transaction under applicable law outside of bankruptcy proceedings. In
Page Proof Pending Publication
this case, respondent invoked Utah's fraudulent-transfer statute -- which
gives creditors a cause of action to invalidate certain transfers by a
debtor -- as the "applicable law" underlying his claim. The Gov-
ernment argued that respondent's claim failed because respond-
ent could not identify an "actual creditor" that could have voided the
fraudulent transfer because sovereign immunity would bar any such
Utah cause of action against the Government. The Bankruptcy Court
disagreed, concluding that of the Bankruptcy Code -- which
waives the Government's sovereign immunity "with respect to" some 59
Bankruptcy Code provisions including -- also waives immunity for
the Utah cause of action nested within the claim. The District
Court adopted the Bankruptcy Court's decision and the Tenth Circuit
affrmed.
Held: Section 106(a)'s sovereign-immunity waiver applies only to a 
claim itself and not to state-law claims nested within that federal claim.
Pp. 527 -- 539.
(a) This dispute turns on the interplay between and 
of the Bankruptcy Code. Section 106(a)(1) provides that the Govern-
ment's "sovereign immunity is abrogated... with respect to" a list of
Code provisions, including. Respondent contends that also
waives sovereign immunity with respect to whatever state-law cause of
action a trustee might invoke as the source of "applicable law" for his
 Cite as: (2025) 519

Syllabus

or her claim. But that result would transform from a
jurisdiction-creating provision into a liability-creating provision, which
conflicts with the Court's traditional understanding of sovereign-
immunity waivers. As the Court's precedents explain, "[s]overeign im-
munity is jurisdictional in nature" and operates to deprive courts of the
power to hear suits against the United States absent Congress's express
consent. FDIC v. Meyer,. Waivers of sovereign im-
munity function simply as "prerequisite[s] for jurisdiction" -- they do not
create any new substantive rights or alter any pre-existing ones.
United States v. Mitchell,. Respondent's attempt to
leverage 's waiver of immunity -- i. e., the statute's grant of juris-
diction -- into an affrmative expansion of the trustee's avoidance powers
under conficts with the Court's understanding of sovereign-
immunity waivers. Pp. 527 -- 529.
(b) Section 106(a)'s text, context, and structure make clear that it
does not operate to modify 's substantive requirements. In-
deed, (5) expressly provides that "[n]othing in this section shall
create any substantive claim for relief or cause of action not otherwise
existing" under some other source of law. That language directly re-
futes respondent's argument that 's sovereign-immunity waiver

Page Proof Pending Publication
extends to "[b]oth the cause of action [ establishes] and its ele-
ments." Brief for Respondent 18. Construing to modify the
"elements" of a claim would give the trustee a substantive claim
for relief against the Government that does not "otherwise exis[t]"
under or Utah law in direct confict with (5).
Section 544's text and structure reinforce this conclusion. Unlike, has no actual-creditor requirement and thus permits a
trustee to invalidate certain transfers that a lien holder could have
voided "whether or not such a creditor exists." (1), (2). This
contrast refects Congress's deliberate choice to tie the trustee's rights
under subsection (b) to the rights of an actual creditor under "applicable
law." Eliminating the actual-creditor requirement would upend dec-
ades of practice and precedent recognizing that merely empow-
ers a trustee to step into the shoes of a creditor, subject to the same
limitations and defenses that would apply to that creditor outside
bankruptcy.
Finally, even if the language and logic of and permitted
respondent's broad reading of the sovereign-immunity waiver, the
Court's precedents would still foreclose that reading. The Court's prec-
edents require construing sovereign-immunity waivers narrowly, with
any ambiguities resolved in favor of the sovereign. See, e. g., FAA v.
Cooper,. Pp. 529 -- 532.
520 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Syllabus

(c) Respondent asserts that (1)'s use of the phrase "with re-
spect to" shows Congress's intent to abrogate sovereign immunity for
"all subjects that concern or regard" the listed provisions, including the
meaning of "applicable law" in. Respondent's reliance on dic-
tionary defnitions and cases that adopt capacious readings of phrases
similar to "with respect to" cannot support his argument, as those au-
thorities all examine those terms in very different statutory contexts.
Respondent's textual argument thus fouts the "fundamental canon of
statutory construction" that "the words of a statute must be read in
their context and with a view to their place in the overall statutory
scheme." Davis v. Michigan Dept. of Treasury,.
This canon carries particular force when construing phrases that govern
conceptual relationships -- like "with respect to" -- whose meanings in-
herently depend on their surrounding context. See, e. g., Dubin v.
United States, (noting that such phrases are "context
sensitive"). As set forth above, context cuts decidedly against respond-
ent's broad reading of (1).
Respondent's appeal to 's enactment history is similarly un-
availing. Since its adoption in 1978, has always been understood
to provide a "limited waiver of sovereign immunity in bankruptcy
cases," designed to "achieve approximately the same result that would
Page Proof Pending Publication
prevail outside of bankruptcy." S. Rep. No. 95 -- 989, p. 29; H. R. Rep.
No. 95 -- 595, p. 317. Nothing in the 1994 amendments to dislodged
that original understanding. And in any event, legislative history can-
not supply a waiver where the language of the statute does not clearly
do so. See Department of Agriculture Rural Development Rural
Housing Service v. Kirtz,. Pp. 532 -- 535.
(d) Respondent's remaining arguments lack merit. First, the Court's
interpretation does not render 's waiver meaningless with re-
spect to. Section 106(a) enables trustees to prevail against the
Government under, which has no actual-creditor requirement.
Because federal tax law separately provides that tax liens held by the
Federal Government may be invalidated under particular circum-
stances, see 26 U. S. C., allows trustees to avoid transfers
of these tax liens. Section 106(a) also grants federal courts jurisdiction
to hear claims against state governments that have consented
to being sued under their fraudulent-transfer statutes.
Second, the Court rejects respondent's argument that because
(1) refers to as a whole (rather than by subsection), the
waiver must be construed to give substantive effect to all of 's
subsections. Many of the other 58 Bankruptcy Code provisions listed
"as a whole" in (1) include subsections that plainly do not impli-
cate sovereign immunity at all.
 Cite as: (2025) 521

Syllabus

Third, respondent's reliance on Kirtz, to support his argu-
ment that Congress sometimes waives sovereign immunity while simul-
taneously establishing a new substantive right, is unavailing. Kirtz in-
volved a statute that bears little resemblance -- in text, structure, or
operation -- to, and indeed explicitly authorized claims against
the Government. Nothing in Kirtz suggests that courts should pre-
sume, in the absence of explicit statutory language, that Congress has
waived the Government's sovereign immunity.
Finally, the Court declines respondent's invitation to affrm on alter-
native grounds, leaving it to the courts below to decide whether re-
spondent may pursue these arguments on remand. Pp. 535 -- 539.
71 F. 4th 1247, reversed.

Jackson, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Thomas, Alito, Sotomayor, Kagan, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ.,
joined. Gorsuch, J., fled a dissenting opinion, post, p. 539.

Yaira Dubin argued the cause for the United States.
With her on the briefs were Solicitor General Prelogar,
Deputy Assistant Attorney General Hubbert, Deputy Solici-
tor General Gannon, Ellen Page DelSole, and Ivan C. Dale.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Lisa S. Blatt argued the cause for respondent. With her
on the brief were Aaron Z. Roper, Jeffrey G. Ho, Erin M.
Sielaff, and Reid W. Lambert.*

*A brief of amici curiae urging reversal was fled for the State of Ore-
gon et al. by Ellen F. Rosenblum, Attorney General of Oregon, Benjamin
Gutman, Solicitor General, and Peenesh Shah, Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral, and by the Attorneys General for their respective jurisdictions as
follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Rob Bonta
of California, Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, William Tong of Connecticut,
Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Anne E. Lopez of Hawaii,
Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Theodore E. Rokita
of Indiana, Aaron M. Frey of Maine, Andrea Joy Campbell of Massachu-
setts, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Leti-
tia James of New York, Drew H. Wrigley of North Dakota, David A. Yost
of Ohio, Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, Peter F. Neronha of Rhode
Island, Marty Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee,
Jason S. Miyares of Virginia, and Robert W. Ferguson of Washington.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Chamber of
Commerce of the United States of America by Elaine J. Goldenberg and
Andrew R. Varcoe; for the National Association of Bankruptcy Trustees
522 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Opinion of the Court

Justice Jackson delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Bankruptcy Code empowers a bankruptcy trustee to
set aside, or "avoid," certain transfers of a debtor's assets in
order to recover those assets for the beneft of the bank-
ruptcy estate. This case concerns the trustee's avoidance
powers under of the Code. Under that provision, a
trustee may avoid certain transfers that would be "voidable
under applicable law" -- that is, voidable outside of bank-
ruptcy proceedings. 11 U. S. C. (1). Trustees typi-
cally rely on state statutes to supply the "applicable law"
when suing under to avoid a debtor's transfer of
assets.
In this dispute, a trustee invoked Utah law as the basis
for a suit seeking to claw back a debtor's federal tax
payment. Ordinarily, the Federal Government's sovereign
immunity would bar any suit against it under Utah law. But
the Bankruptcy Code contains a sovereign-immunity waiver,
Page Proof Pending Publication, that abrogates the Government's sovereign immu-
nity "with respect to". (1). This case requires
us to determine the scope of that waiver.
Specifcally, we must decide whether abrogates
sovereign immunity only with respect to the federal cause
of action created by or whether it also abrogates
sovereign immunity with respect to the underlying state-law
claims that supply the "applicable law" for that federal cause
of action. We hold that 's sovereign-immunity
waiver applies only to the claim itself and not to any
state-law claims nested within that federal claim. Section
106(a) is properly understood as a jurisdictional provision
that empowers courts to hear claims against the
Government to the extent such claims are otherwise avail-
able under state law; it does not alter the substantive mean-

by Richard P. Cook; for the National Creditors Bar Association by Brit J.
Suttell, Stephen Sather, and Michael S. Truesdale; and for Eugene Wedoff
et al. by David R. Kuney, pro se.
 Cite as: (2025) 523

Opinion of the Court

ing of 's "applicable law" clause. We therefore re-
verse the decision below.
I
A
Bankruptcy trustees have long had the power to invali-
date, or "avoid," certain transfers of assets made by a debtor.
These "avoidance powers" serve multiple ends. Most obvi-
ously, they help the trustee maximize the value of the bank-
ruptcy estate by enabling the trustee to recover assets that
otherwise would have been lost. The avoidance powers also
help the trustee equalize the distribution of the debtor's
assets among creditors by preventing the debtor from off-
loading assets to preferred creditors outside of the formal
bankruptcy process.
Today, the avoidance powers are codifed in Chapter 5 of
the Bankruptcy Code, which delineates the specifc types of
transfers that trustees are empowered to set aside. Section
Page Proof Pending Publication
545 of the Code, for instance, permits a trustee to avoid
the transfer of certain statutory liens. Meanwhile, 
allows a trustee to invalidate transfers that the debtor made
immediately before bankruptcy proceedings began. And
permits a trustee to set aside certain fraudulent trans-
fers, such as those made for the purpose of delaying or im-
peding the repayment of creditors.
This case involves the trustee's avoidance powers under. That provision allows a trustee to "avoid any
transfer of an interest of the debtor... that is voidable under
applicable law by a creditor holding an unsecured claim."
(1). Although the term "applicable law" can techni-
cally refer to any state or federal law outside of the Bank-
ruptcy Code, trustees typically rely on state statutes to sup-
ply the "applicable law" for avoidance suits under.
The state statutes that trustees most often invoke are
known as "fraudulent transfer" laws. 5 Collier on Bank-
ruptcy ¶544.06, p. 544 -- 27 (R. Levin & H. Sommer eds.,
524 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Opinion of the Court

16th ed. 2024). These laws -- which generally employ the
same language from State to State -- aim to prevent debtors
from hiding or shielding their assets from creditors. See
ibid. (explaining that 46 States have adopted either the Uni-
form Fraudulent Transfer Act or its successor, the Uniform
Voidable Transactions Act). To that end, most fraudulent-
transfer statutes provide creditors with a cause of action to
invalidate any transfer that a debtor made with the intent
to defraud creditors. Creditors may also typically invoke
these laws to void "constructive" fraudulent transfers -- that
is, transfers made without an actual intent to defraud, such
as an insolvent debtor's sale or transfer of assets for some-
thing less than their equivalent value. 2 Bankruptcy Law
Manual :29, pp. 779 -- 780 (5th ed. 2024).1
Notably, to show that a transfer is "voidable under applica-
ble law," a bankruptcy trustee must "identify the actual
creditor or creditors who could have set aside the transaction
Page Proof Pending Publication
in question under applicable law." 5 Collier, Bankruptcy
¶544.06, at 544 -- 25. "If there is no creditor against whom
the transfer is voidable under the applicable law, the trustee
is powerless to act." Ibid.
This "actual creditor" requirement serves as an important
check on the trustee's powers. Absent the actual-
creditor requirement, a trustee could use to unwind
transactions that would never actually be at risk of invalida-
tion outside of bankruptcy proceedings. The actual-creditor
requirement thus mitigates the disruptive potential of a
trustee's avoidance power by ensuring that the trustee has

1
As noted above, the Bankruptcy Code contains its own fraudulent-
transfer provision in. Although that provision resembles most
States' fraudulent-transfer laws, its statute of limitations is only two
years. (1). For that reason, a trustee who seeks to invalidate a
fraudulent transfer that occurred more than two years before the bank-
ruptcy petition was fled will ordinarily bring a action -- instead
of a action -- and point to an "applicable" state law with a longer
lookback period.
 Cite as: (2025) 525

Opinion of the Court

"no greater rights of avoidance than the actual creditor
would have if that creditor were asserting invalidity on its
own behalf." Id., ¶544.06, at 544 -- 29.
B
This case arises from the collapse of a Utah-based trans-
portation business called All Resort Group. The company
fell into insolvency in 2013 as the result of poor management
and fnancial malfeasance. As the company struggled f-
nancially, two of its shareholders began misappropriating
company funds for their own personal use, including to
pay off personal debts. In 2014, they transferred roughly
$145,000 in company funds to the Internal Revenue Service
to satisfy their personal income-tax obligations. The com-
pany received nothing in return for paying off these share-
holders' debts.
Three years later, the company fled for bankruptcy. Re-
spondent was appointed as trustee of the bankruptcy estate.
Page Proof Pending Publication
He fled this suit against the United States under 
shortly after his appointment, seeking to avoid the 2014 tax
payments.
Respondent invoked Utah's fraudulent-transfer statute as
the source of "applicable law" for his claim. Like
most fraudulent-transfer laws, Utah's statute allows a credi-
tor to void a debtor's transfer of assets if the debtor was
insolvent at the time of the transfer and received less than
equal value in return. Utah Code -- 6 -- 6 et seq. (2014).2
The parties cross-moved for summary judgment in Bank-
ruptcy Court. The Government did not contest respond-
ent's allegation that All Resort Group was insolvent when it
made the 2014 tax payments on behalf of its shareholders.
Nor did it dispute that the company received nothing of
value in exchange for making those payments. Instead, the
2
Utah amended and recodifed its fraudulent-transfer statute after the
transfer at issue here. The changes to the statute are immaterial to the
question presented in this case.
526 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Opinion of the Court

Government asserted that respondent's claim failed because
he could not satisfy 's actual-creditor requirement.
Specifcally, the Government argued, respondent could not
identify any creditor capable of prevailing in a fraudulent-
transfer suit against the Government under Utah law be-
cause, outside of bankruptcy, any such suit would be barred
by sovereign immunity.
The Bankruptcy Court rejected that argument and en-
tered judgment for respondent. In re All Resort Group,
Inc., 617 B. R. 375, 379 (Bkrtcy. Ct. Utah 2020). The court
based its decision on of the Bankruptcy Code, which
waives the Government's sovereign immunity for certain
claims arising under the Code. Id., at 386. In particular,
(1) provides that "sovereign immunity is abrogated
as to a governmental unit to the extent set forth in this sec-
tion with respect to" 59 different provisions of the Code, in-
cluding. (1).3
The Bankruptcy Court construed as waiving the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Government's sovereign immunity not only as to the trust-
ee's claim but also "as to the underlying state law
cause of action" nested within the claim. 617 B. R.,
at 386. Accordingly, the court held that "sovereign immu-
nity does not preclude [respondent] from satisfying the actual
creditor requirement." Id., at 391.
The District Court adopted the Bankruptcy Court's deci-
sion and the Tenth Circuit later affrmed. 71 F. 4th 1247
(2023). Like the Bankruptcy Court, the Tenth Circuit con-
cluded that "expresses Congress's intent to abolish
the Government's sovereign immunity in an avoidance pro-
ceeding arising under (1), regardless of the context in
which the defense arises." Id., at 1253.
The Tenth Circuit's decision reinforced a confict among
the Courts of Appeals regarding whether abrogates
3
The Code defnes "governmental unit" to include the "United States"
and any "department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States."
11 U. S. C.. The defnition also includes any "State." Ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 527

Opinion of the Court

sovereign immunity with respect to a state-law claim that
supplies the "applicable law" for a trustee's claim.
We granted certiorari to resolve that confict. See (2024).
II
This dispute turns on the interplay between and
of the Bankruptcy Code. The parties here agree
that waives the Government's sovereign immunity
with respect to the federal cause of action created by. But respondent contends that goes further
than that by also waiving sovereign immunity with respect
to whatever state-law cause of action a trustee might invoke
as the source of "applicable law" for his or her claim.
As explained below, we hold that does not sweep
as broadly as respondent maintains. Waivers of sovereign
immunity are jurisdictional provisions that empower courts
to hear claims against the Government but do not themselves
Page Proof Pending Publication
typically create any new substantive rights against the Gov-
ernment. Here, statutory text, context, and structure all
demonstrate that fts squarely within that mold.
For that reason, we conclude that does not alter the
substantive meaning of 's "applicable law" clause by
providing a waiver of immunity that would not otherwise
exist under that external source of law.

A
Before discussing itself, it is helpful to recall how
waivers of sovereign immunity operate in general. As our
precedents explain, "[s]overeign immunity is jurisdictional in
nature" and deprives courts of the power to hear suits
against the United States absent Congress's express consent.
FDIC v. Meyer, (1994). In providing that
consent, waivers of sovereign immunity function simply as
"prerequisite[s] for jurisdiction" -- they do not create any new
substantive rights or alter any pre-existing ones. United
States v. Mitchell, (1983).
528 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Opinion of the Court

That is precisely the role that plays within the
Bankruptcy Code. Section 106(a)(1) provides that the Fed-
eral Government's "sovereign immunity is abrogated...
with respect to" several dozen provisions of the Code,
thereby granting courts the power to hear claims against
the Government under those provisions. That includes the
power to hear claims under, which is among the listed
provisions. At the same time, (5) expressly provides
that "[n]othing in this section shall create any substantive
claim for relief or cause of action not otherwise existing
under this title, the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure,
or nonbankruptcy law." In this way, 's text, read as
a whole, makes clear that it operates like any other waiver
of sovereign immunity: It is "merely jurisdictional" and does
not establish any substantive rights against the Government.
United States v. Testan, (1976).
Respondent's reading of departs from that conven-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tional understanding of sovereign-immunity waivers.
Under respondent's view, does not simply give courts
jurisdiction to hear claims against the Government;
it also alters the substantive requirements of the claim itself.
It is undisputed that, outside of bankruptcy proceedings, the
United States could invoke the defense of sovereign immu-
nity to bar any lawsuit seeking to invalidate a federal tax
payment under a State's fraudulent-transfer law. That bar-
rier to state-law liability would ordinarily doom a trustee's
claim by making it impossible for the trustee to show
that the tax payment at issue is "voidable under applicable
law" by an actual creditor. But, respondent contends,
vitiates that barrier by abrogating the Government's
sovereign immunity with respect to both the claim
and the state-law claim nested within it. As respondent
puts it, "Section 106(a)'s clear waiver `with respect to' section
544 applies equally to the trustee's section 544(b) cause of
action and the applicable law that provides the elements of
that cause of action." Brief for Respondent 2.
 Cite as: (2025) 529

Opinion of the Court

Respondent's reading of would thus transform that
statute from a jurisdiction-creating provision into a liability-
creating provision. But we have declined to read sovereign-
immunity waivers in that way. Rather, we have said that
the question "whether there has been a waiver of sovereign
immunity" is " `analytically distinct' " from the question
"whether the source of substantive law upon which the
claimant relies provides an avenue for relief." Meyer, 510
U. S., at 484; see, e. g., United States v. Navajo Nation, (2009) ("Neither the Tucker Act nor the Indian
Tucker Act creates substantive rights; they are simply ju-
risdictional provisions that operate to waive sovereign im-
munity for claims premised on other sources of law"). Re-
spondent confates these two questions by seeking to
leverage 's waiver of immunity -- i. e., the statute's
grant of jurisdiction -- into an affrmative expansion of the
trustee's avoidance powers under.
Construing to modify the elements of a 
Page Proof Pending Publication
claim would thus refect a highly unusual understanding of
sovereign-immunity waivers. That alone casts doubt on re-
spondent's reading of. But even if that reading did
not confict with our normal understanding of sovereign-
immunity waivers, it would remain untenable as a basic mat-
ter of text and structure.
B
The text and structure of and make clear that
's waiver of sovereign immunity does not operate to
modify 's substantive requirements.
As noted above, expressly states that it does not
"create any substantive claim for relief or cause of action
not otherwise existing" under some other source of law.
(5). That language plainly refutes the notion that
's sovereign-immunity waiver extends to "[b]oth the
cause of action [that establishes] and its elements."
Brief for Respondent 18. Indeed, construing to
modify the "elements" of a claim would necessarily
530 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Opinion of the Court

give the trustee a substantive claim for relief against the
Government that does not "otherwise exis[t]" under 
or Utah law.4 Section 106(a)'s text thus confrms that it does
not alter 's substantive requirements.
So, too, does the list of Bankruptcy Code provisions identi-
fed in itself. Notably, does not meaning-
fully alter the substantive obligations of trustees under any
of the 58 other provisions that appear on the list alongside. So far as we are aware, the other avoidance provi-
sions on the list retain the same substantive elements re-
gardless of whether the trustee is suing the Government or
a private entity. Given that leaves the substantive
elements of those avoidance provisions untouched, it would
be odd to read the provision as modifying the elements of.

4
The dissent takes issue with our suggestion that respondent's reading

Page Proof Pending Publication
of would modify the "elements" of a claim. But that is not
just our characterization of respondent's reading -- that is how respondent
himself describes his position. See, e. g., Brief for Respondent 27 ("Con-
gress had no reason to waive immunity in the frst place unless the waiver
applied to the elements of the cause of action"); Tr. of Oral Arg. 39 ("[T]he
waiver of sovereign immunity with respect to [§]544 just on its face textu-
ally applies to the elements, to the same extent grammatically, logically
that it applies to the claim. You can't waive a claim without waiving the
elements"). In any event, the dissent's attempt to recast as
merely "waiv[ing] an affrmative defense" -- but not altering the elements
of -- underscores the inherent tension in respondent's position.
Post, at 541 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.). Nobody disputes that pre-
cludes the Government from raising an affrmative jurisdictional defense
to a claim. But the issue in this case is whether also
bars the Government from raising a merits defense to that claim. Put
differently, the question here is not whether the Government can invoke
sovereign immunity to prevent a court from hearing a trustee's 
claim. Rather, the question is whether prevents the Government
from relying on sovereign immunity to demonstrate that the trustee can-
not establish a core substantive requirement of the underlying 
claim -- namely, that the challenged transfer is "voidable under applicable
law" by an actual creditor.
 Cite as: (2025) 531

Opinion of the Court

Section 544's own text and structure reinforce that conclu-
sion. Recall that requires a trustee to identify an
actual creditor capable of voiding the transfer at issue under
"applicable law." That actual-creditor requirement -- which
restricts the universe of transactions a trustee can invali-
date -- is unique to. Section 544's only other sub-
provision -- subsection (a) -- conspicuously eschews any such
requirement. Instead, subsection (a) permits a trustee to
invalidate certain transfers that "could have" been voided
by a lien creditor, "whether or not such a creditor exists."
(1), (2). That contrast in struc-
ture refects a deliberate congressional choice to tie the
trustee's rights under subsection (b) to the rights of an actual
creditor under "applicable law." We doubt that Congress
meant to supplant that choice when it opted to include 
on the lengthy list of provisions it inserted into.
What is more, eliminating the actual-creditor requirement
Page Proof Pending Publication
would upend decades of practice and precedent. Section
544(b) was expressly "derived" from of the Bankruptcy
Act of 1898, which had long been understood to give trustees
the same rights as creditors under state law. S. Rep. No.
95 -- 989, p. 85 (1978); H. R. Rep. No. 95 -- 595, p. 370 (1977).
As one widely cited lower court decision put it, 
"clothe[d] the trustee with no new or additional right...
over that possessed by a creditor"; it merely placed the
trustee "in the shoes of " the creditor, "subject to the same
limitations and disabilities that would have beset the credi-
tor in the prosecution of the action on his own behalf."
Davis v. Willey, 263 F. 588, 589 (ND Cal. 1920).
Section 544(b) carried forward that same understanding of
the trustee's role. That is why, for example, defendants in
suits are entitled to raise the same defenses against
the trustee that they would have been able to raise against
the relevant creditor under applicable state law. Thus, "if
the creditor is deemed estopped to recover upon a claim, or
is barred from recovery because of the running of a statute
532 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Opinion of the Court

of limitations prior to the commencement of the case, the
trustee is likewise estopped or barred." 5 Collier, Bank-
ruptcy ¶544.06, at 544 -- 29. Similarly, if the "applicable"
state law allows a prevailing party to recover attorney's fees,
then a defendant who wins a suit can typically re-
cover such fees from the bankruptcy estate. Id., at 544 -- 
27. This long-settled understanding of the trustee's 
powers -- and their limits -- underscores why it would be so
anomalous to treat as expanding the trustee's rights
beyond those of an actual creditor.5
Even if the language and logic of and permit-
ted respondent's broad reading of the sovereign-immunity
waiver, we note further that our precedents would still fore-
close that reading. "Under long-settled law, Congress must
use unmistakable language to abrogate sovereign immunity."
Financial Oversight and Management Bd. for P. R. v. Centro
De Periodismo Investigativo, Inc., (2023).
That means that we must "construe any ambiguities in the
Page Proof Pending Publication
scope of a waiver in favor of the sovereign." FAA v. Cooper,
(2012). Here, 's language unmistak-
ably waives sovereign immunity for the federal cause of action
created by. But, for all of the reasons just given,
we cannot say that it does the same for the state-law claims
nested within 's "applicable law" clause.
III
A
Respondent interprets differently. He asserts
that (1)'s use of the phrase "with respect to" requires
5
Some of respondent's amici assert that this understanding of the
trustee's powers is belied by the fact that, in certain cases, a trustee may
recover more money from a fraudulent transfer than an actual creditor
would be able to recover. But that exception, which derives from this
Court's decision in Moore v. Bay, (1931), relates to the trustee's
power to recover assets from an invalid transfer -- not to the scope of the
trustee's power to avoid the transfer in the frst place. It is unsurprising,
then, that respondent himself does not rely on Moore for support here.
 Cite as: (2025) 533

Opinion of the Court

a broad reading of the statute's sovereign-immunity waiver,
citing dictionary defnitions and cases that adopt capacious
readings of similar phrases. These sources, he says, evince
Congress's intent to abrogate sovereign immunity for "all
subjects that concern or regard" the listed provisions, includ-
ing the meaning of "applicable law" in. Brief for
Respondent 16.
The authorities respondent invokes, however, cannot bear
the weight he foists upon them. Even setting aside that
many of his authorities concern different statutory terms,
they all examine those terms in very different statutory con-
texts. For instance, he cites our observation in Lamar, Ar-
cher & Cofrin, LLP v. Appling, (2018), that
the "[u]se of the word `respecting' in a legal context gener-
ally has a broadening effect." But the statute at issue in
Lamar used the term "respecting" in a quite dissimilar
setting -- as part of the technical phrase "statement[s] re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
specting the debtor's or an insider's fnancial condition."
(2)(A). Giving breadth to a discrete statutory term
like "fnancial condition" is a far cry from expanding a
sovereign-immunity waiver, especially when our "general
rule" is "that waivers of sovereign immunity are to be read
narrowly." Meyer, 510 U. S., at 480.
Respondent's textual argument thus fouts a "fundamental
canon of statutory construction": that "the words of a statute
must be read in their context and with a view to their place
in the overall statutory scheme." Davis v. Michigan Dept.
of Treasury, (1989). That canon carries
particular force when construing phrases that govern con-
ceptual relationships -- like "with respect to" -- whose mean-
ings inherently depend on their surrounding context. Cf.
Dubin v. United States, (2023) (explaining
that the phrase " `[i]n relation to' " is "context sensitive").
Here, context cuts decidedly against the broad reading re-
spondent advances. As explained, construing to
reach the elements of would not only run counter to
534 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Opinion of the Court

our traditional understanding of sovereign-immunity waiv-
ers as purely jurisdictional, but also contravene the text and
structure of and, and defy our established
rule that sovereign-immunity waivers must be construed
narrowly. Section 106(a)'s use of a malleable phrase like
"with respect to" cannot blunt the countervailing force of
those contextual considerations and interpretive principles.
Cf. Presley v. Etowah County Comm'n, 
(1992) (rejecting a broad reading of the phrase " `with re-
spect to voting' " in the Voting Rights Act where doing so
"would work an unconstrained expansion of its coverage").
Respondent resists the force of those contextual considera-
tions by appealing to 's enactment history. He em-
phasizes that Congress purposefully expanded the scope of
's immunity waiver in 1994 by adding the list of 59
specifc provisions, including, to the statute. But "no
amount of legislative history can `supply a waiver that is not
Page Proof Pending Publication
clearly evident from the language of the statute.' " Depart-
ment of Agriculture Rural Development Rural Housing
Service v. Kirtz, (2024). And, even if legislative history could serve
that function, respondent's account of 's history is in-
complete at best.
Since its adoption in 1978, has always been under-
stood to provide only a "limited waiver of sovereign immu-
nity in bankruptcy cases." S. Rep. No. 95 -- 989, at 29; H. R.
Rep. No. 95 -- 595, at 317. The House and Senate Reports
accompanying the 1978 legislation both expressly stated:
"Though Congress has the power to waive sovereign immu-
nity for the Federal government completely in bankruptcy
cases, the policy followed here is designed to achieve approx-
imately the same result that would prevail outside of bank-
ruptcy." S. Rep. No. 95 -- 989, at 29 ; H. R.
Rep. No. 95 -- 595, at 317. This suggests
that, at the time of enactment, Congress understood the stat-
ute to preserve a basic symmetry between bankruptcy and
 Cite as: (2025) 535

Opinion of the Court

nonbankruptcy proceedings -- not to expand transferee liabil-
ity within the bankruptcy system.
Nothing in the 1994 amendments to dislodged that
original understanding. When Congress adopted 's
current language in 1994, it did so with the narrow aim of
overturning two of this Court's decisions: United States v.
Nordic Village, Inc., (1992), and Hoffman v.
Connecticut Dept. of Income Maintenance, 
(1989). Those decisions -- neither of which involved 
itself -- had held that 's immunity waiver did not reach
monetary judgments entered against the Government. The
1994 amendments served to clarify that does, in fact,
"expressly provid[e] for a waiver of sovereign immunity...
with respect to monetary recoveries." H. R. Rep. No. 103 -- 
835, p. 42 (1994). But the amendments did not expand
's scope beyond what Congress envisioned in 1978.
Rather, their goal was "to make section 106 conform to the
Congressional intent of the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Ibid..
In sum, 's enactment history -- to the extent it plays
any role here -- undercuts respondent's broad reading of
and reaffrms what the statute's text makes evident:
that in waiving sovereign immunity "with respect to",
Congress did not alter the substantive elements of 
itself.
B
Respondent gains slightly more traction in arguing that
the Government's reading of would blunt the impact
of Congress's decision to include on the list of provi-
sions subject to 's immunity waiver. After all, re-
spondent says, if sovereign immunity bars every state-law
claim capable of furnishing the "applicable law" for a 
suit, then -- as a practical matter -- no trustee could ever win
such a suit against the Government. Thus, respondent as-
serts, the Government's reading of effectively robs
the immunity waiver of any meaningful purpose with respect
536 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Opinion of the Court

to ; it simply grants federal courts jurisdiction over a
set of inherently unwinnable claims.
We are not persuaded that the Government's reading ex-
tinguishes 's effect with respect to. For one
thing, even if does not enable trustees to prevail
against the Government under, they might still pre-
vail against the Government under 's other subprovi-
sion -- subsection (a). As noted above, subsection (a), unlike
subsection (b), does not contain an actual-creditor require-
ment. A trustee can therefore use subsection (a) to set
aside certain transfers -- specifcally, transfers of certain
liens -- without identifying an actual creditor capable of inval-
idating those transfers under state law. And federal tax law
separately provides that tax liens held by the Federal Gov-
ernment may be invalidated under particular circumstances.
See 26 U. S. C.. As a result, a trustee can avoid trans-
fers of certain tax liens under without identifying an
Page Proof Pending Publication
actual creditor and without needing to identify a waiver of
immunity to sustain a claim under the Internal Revenue
Code. By giving courts jurisdiction to hear those types of
claims against the Government, then, serves a clear
purpose "with respect to".
Respondent rejects that understanding of, insist-
ing that the waiver must be construed to give substantive
effect to all of 's subsections -- not just subsection (a).
He stresses that (1)'s list of provisions refers to 
as a whole, without demarcating any specifc subsections.
But the same is true of the 58 other Bankruptcy Code provi-
sions on the list, many of which include subsections that
plainly do not implicate sovereign immunity at all. Section
303, for example, appears on the list even though subsection
(a) of that provision authorizes a kind of action -- involuntary
bankruptcy petitions -- that cannot be fled against the Gov-
ernment. The list also includes itself, despite the obvi-
ous incongruity of applying to its own waiver of sov-
ereign immunity. The sheer number of provisions on the
 Cite as: (2025) 537

Opinion of the Court

list with subsections that cannot plausibly be the subject of
an immunity waiver rebuts respondent's strained reading of.
It is also noteworthy that, in addition to the role that
plays with respect to, the waiver provision
serves an independent function with respect to : It
grants federal courts jurisdiction to hear claims
brought against state governments. As outlined earlier,
abrogates sovereign immunity not just for the Fed-
eral Government, but for any "governmental unit," which
includes any "State.". At the time Congress
enacted, a handful of States had chosen to subject
themselves to potential liability under their own fraudulent-
transfer statutes.6 Section 106(a) thus granted federal courts
jurisdiction to hear suits against those States -- juris-
diction that those courts would have otherwise lacked.
C
Page Proof
Respondent's Pending
argument Publication
also lacks support in our prece-
dent. Respondent cites our recent decision in Kirtz, as evidence that Congress sometimes waives sover-
eign immunity while simultaneously establishing a new sub-
stantive right against the Government. But the statutory
provision at issue in Kirtz bears little resemblance -- in text,
structure, or operation -- to.
In Kirtz, we held that a provision of the Fair Credit Re-
porting Act that "explicitly permitted consumer claims for
damages against the government" also functioned as a
waiver of sovereign immunity for those claims. Id., at 51.
Our decision rested on the straightforward proposition that
"a cause of action authorizing suit against the government
may waive sovereign immunity even without a separate
waiver provision." Id., at 53. That proposition is hardly
6
See, e. g., Ill. Comp. Stat., ch. 705, /8(a) (West 1999); N. Y. Ct. Clms.
Act Law Ann. (West 1989); Ohio Rev. Code Ann..02(A) (Lexis
1989).
538 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Opinion of the Court

controversial. If Congress establishes a cause of action
that -- by its own explicit terms -- authorizes suits against the
Government, then Congress need not also enact an independ-
ent waiver of sovereign immunity.
That logic, however, has no bearing on the question at
issue here: namely, whether Congress waived sovereign im-
munity for a state cause of action that does not explicitly
authorize suits against the Government. Nothing in Kirtz
suggests that courts should presume, in the absence of ex-
plicit language to the contrary, that Congress has waived the
Federal Government's sovereign immunity for such claims.
If anything, Kirtz counsels in the opposite direction. Our
opinion there reaffrmed that "a waiver of sovereign immu-
nity must be `unmistakably clear in the language of the stat-
ute.' " Id., at 49. And, once again, for all of the reasons
previously discussed, does not contain an "unmistak-
ably clear" waiver of immunity for state-law claims nested
within 's "applicable law" clause.
Page Proof Pending Publication
D
Finally, we decline respondent's invitation to affrm on
other grounds. As an alternative basis for ruling in his
favor, respondent proposes a novel reading of that
would purportedly allow a trustee to set aside a federal tax
payment without ever triggering the Federal Government's
sovereign immunity. Per that reading, the trustee could
satisfy the actual-creditor requirement by showing that "ap-
plicable" state law would permit a creditor to void the tax
payment by suing someone other than the United States.
Respondent claims that he can do that here because Utah
law would (in theory) permit an All Resort Group creditor
to void the 2014 tax payments by suing the two shareholders
who orchestrated those payments, neither of whom is pro-
tected by sovereign immunity.
We will not address this argument because it turns on
readings of both Utah law and that no other court
 Cite as: (2025) 539

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

has ever considered. Furthermore, respondent failed to
raise this argument below. See Cameron v. EMW Women's
Surgical Center, P. S. C., (2022) ("[I]f a
non-jurisdictional argument was not raised below, we gener-
ally will not consider it as an alternative ground for affrm-
ance"). Additionally, "the question [this argument] poses
has not been adequately briefed and argued" here. Granf-
nanciera, S. A. v. Nordberg, (1989). We
therefore leave it to the courts below to decide whether re-
spondent may pursue this argument on remand.7

* * *
Section 106(a) of the Bankruptcy Code abrogates sover-
eign immunity for the federal cause of action created by. It does not take the additional step of abrogating
sovereign immunity for whatever state-law claim supplies
the "applicable law" for a trustee's claim. Accord-
ingly, the decision of the Tenth Circuit is reversed.
Page Proof Pending Publication
It is so ordered.
Justice Gorsuch, dissenting.
The Court has often warned against " `confus[ing] the doc-
trine of sovereign immunity with the requirement that a
plaintiff state a cause of action.' " Pennhurst State School
and Hospital v. Halderman, (1984) ). Yet, to my eyes, the Court's decision
today "suffers a like confusion." 465 U. S., at 112.
Three statutory provisions are relevant here. First is 11
U. S. C. (1), which waives the government's sovereign
immunity "with respect to" of the Bankruptcy Code.
Second is (1), which empowers a bankruptcy trustee
7
We express no view on the merits of this argument, and we likewise
decline to address the Government's alternative arguments concerning
preemption and the Appropriations Clause.
540 UNITED STATES v. MILLER

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

to invoke the rights of "a creditor holding an unsecured
claim" to set aside any transfer "that is voidable under appli-
cable law." And third is Utah's fraudulent-transfer statute,
which here supplies the "applicable law" for purposes of
(1). Utah Code -- 6 -- 203(1) (2025).*
As I see it, those three provisions play out this way.
Under the Utah statute, a transfer is "voidable" if, after a
creditor's claim arose against the debtor, the debtor (1) "made
the transfer" (2) "without receiving a reasonably equivalent
value in exchange," and (3) "was insolvent at the time."
Ibid. Notably, no one before us disputes that these condi-
tions are satisfed here and a good fraudulent-transfer claim
exists. 71 F. 4th 1247, 1251 (CA10 2023). Thus, under "ap-
plicable law," the relevant transfers are "voidable," and the
bankruptcy trustee can use (1) to set them aside.
That remains true even though the trustee must sue the
United States to void the relevant transfers, because
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1) bars the government from raising a sovereign-
immunity defense in the trustee's action.
The Court worries that my line of thinking would "modify
the elements of a claim." Ante, at 529. More ex-
actly, the Court observes that, if a creditor sued the govern-
ment directly under Utah's fraudulent-transfer statute, the
government could interpose a successful sovereign-immunity
defense, and the creditor would lose. And, the Court fears,
reading (1) to allow a bankruptcy trustee to bring the
same claim under (1) would impermissibly "give the
trustee a substantive claim for relief against the Government
that does not `otherwise exist.' " Ante, at 530 (5); alterations omitted); ibid., (expressing con-
cern that my reading would alter "a core substantive re-
quirement of the underlying claim").

*As the majority notes, recent amendments to Utah's fraudulent-
transfer statute "are immaterial to the question presented." Ante, at
525,.
 Cite as: (2025) 541

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

It seems to me, however, that the Court confates two dif-
ferent things. Whether pursued by a private creditor or a
bankruptcy trustee, a good substantive claim for relief ex-
ists. No one disputes that a fraudulent transfer took place.
The question before us is a distinct one: Can the federal gov-
ernment defeat the claim by raising the affrmative defense
of sovereign immunity? With respect to a private creditor
pursuing relief in state court, the answer is yes. With re-
spect to a trustee pursuing relief in a federal bankruptcy
proceeding, the answer -- thanks to (1) -- is no. Ad-
mitting that much does not "modify the elements" of any
claim or " `create any substantive claim for relief ' " that did
not " `otherwise exis[t].' " Ante, at 529 (5)).
It merely acknowledges that in one setting, but not another,
Congress has chosen to waive an affrmative defense to an
otherwise valid claim.
For these reasons, I agree with the majority of circuits to
have considered the question that bankruptcy trustees may
Page Proof Pending Publication
avoid fraudulent transfers to the United States under. See 71 F. 4th, at 1251 -- 1252; In re DBSI, Inc., 869
F. 3d 1004 (CA9 2017); In re Yahweh Center, Inc., 27 F. 4th
960 (CA4 2022). As the Court concludes otherwise, I re-
spectfully dissent.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 1
Pages 303 -- 326

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 5, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 303

Syllabus

AMES v. OHIO DEPT. OF YOUTH SERVICES

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the sixth circuit
No. 23 -- 1039. Argued February 26, 2025 -- Decided June 5, 2025
Petitioner Marlean Ames, a heterosexual woman, has worked for the Ohio
Department of Youth Services in various roles since 2004. In 2019, the
agency interviewed Ames for a new management position but ultimately
hired another candidate -- a lesbian woman. The agency subsequently
demoted Ames from her role as a program administrator and later hired
a gay man to fll that role. Ames then fled this lawsuit against the
agency under Title VII, alleging that she was denied the management
promotion and demoted because of her sexual orientation. The District
Court granted summary judgment to the agency, and the Sixth Circuit
affrmed. The courts below analyzed Ames's claims under McDonnell
Douglas Corp. v. Green, which sets forth the traditional
framework for evaluating disparate-treatment claims that rest on cir-
cumstantial evidence. At the frst step of that framework, the plaintiff
Page Proof Pending Publication
must make a prima facie showing that the defendant acted with a dis-
criminatory motive. Like the District Court, the Sixth Circuit held
that Ames had failed to meet her prima facie burden because she had
not shown " `background circumstances to support the suspicion that
the defendant is that unusual employer who discriminates against the
majority.' " 87 F. 4th 822, 825. The court reasoned that Ames, as a
straight woman, was required to make this showing "in addition to the
usual ones for establishing a prima-facie case." Ibid.
Held: The Sixth Circuit's "background circumstances" rule -- which re-
quires members of a majority group to satisfy a heightened evidentiary
standard to prevail on a Title VII claim -- cannot be squared with the
text of Title VII or the Court's precedents. Pp. 308 -- 313.
(a) Title VII's disparate-treatment provision bars employers from in-
tentionally discriminating against their employees on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, or national origin. 42 U. S. C. -- 2(a)(1). For
most plaintiffs, the frst step of the McDonnell Douglas framework -- 
stating a prima facie case of discrimination -- is "not onerous." Texas
Dept. of Community Affairs v. Burdine,. The Sixth
Circuit's "background circumstances" rule requires plaintiffs who are
members of a majority group to bear an additional burden at step one.
But the text of Title VII's disparate-treatment provision draws no dis-
tinctions between majority-group plaintiffs and minority-group plain-
304 AMES v. OHIO DEPT. OF YOUTH SERVS.

Syllabus

tiffs. The provision focuses on individuals rather than groups, barring
discrimination against "any individual" because of protected character-
istics. Congress left no room for courts to impose special requirements
on majority-group plaintiffs alone.
This Court's precedents reinforce that understanding of the statute,
and make clear that the standard for proving disparate treatment under
Title VII does not vary based on whether or not the plaintiff is a mem-
ber of a majority group. See, e. g., Griggs v. Duke Power Co., ("[d]iscriminatory preference for any group, minority or major-
ity, is precisely and only what Congress has proscribed" in Title VII).
Moreover, the "background circumstances" rule -- which subjects all
majority-group plaintiffs to the same, highly specifc evidentiary stand-
ard in every case -- ignores the Court's instruction to avoid infexible
applications of the prima facie standard. Teamsters v. United States,. Pp. 308 -- 311.
(b) Ohio argues that the "background circumstances" rule does not
subject majority-group plaintiffs to a heightened evidentiary standard
but rather is "just another way of asking whether the circumstances
surrounding an employment decision, if otherwise unexplained, suggest
that the decision was because of a protected characteristic." Brief for
Respondent 10. Ohio's recasting is directly at odds with the Sixth Cir-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cuit's description of the "background circumstances" rule and its applica-
tion of that rule in this case. Ohio's alternative argument that Ames's
Title VII claims would fail even absent the "background circumstances"
rule is for the courts below to consider in the frst instance on remand.
Pp. 311 -- 313.
87 F. 4th 822, vacated and remanded.

Jackson, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Thomas, J.,
fled a concurring opinion, in which Gorsuch, J., joined, post, p. 313.

Xiao Wang argued the cause for petitioner. With him on
the briefs was Edward L. Gilbert.
Ashley Robertson argued the cause for the United States
as amicus curiae in support of vacatur. With her on the
brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Assistant Attorney
General Clarke, Deputy Solicitor General Fletcher, Bonnie
I. Robin-Vergeer, Karla Gilbride, Jennifer S. Goldstein,
Anne Noel Occhialino, and Julie L. Gantz.
T. Elliot Gaiser, Solicitor General of Ohio, argued the
cause for respondent. With him on the brief were Dave
 Cite as: (2025) 305

Opinion of the Court

Yost, Attorney General, Michael J. Hendershot, Chief Dep-
uty Solicitor General, and Samuel C. Peterson, Deputy Solic-
itor General.*

Justice Jackson delivered the opinion of the Court.
Title VII prohibits employers from discriminating against
employees on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, or na-
tional origin. Under our Title VII precedents, a plaintiff
may make out a prima facie case of disparate treatment by
showing "that she applied for an available position for which
she was qualifed, but was rejected under circumstances
which give rise to an inference of unlawful discrimination."
Texas Dept. of Community Affairs v. Burdine, (1981).
The question in this case is whether, to satisfy that prima
facie burden, a plaintiff who is a member of a majority group
must also show " `background circumstances to support the
Page Proof Pending Publication
suspicion that the defendant is that unusual employer who
discriminates against the majority.' " 87 F. 4th 822, 825
(CA6 2023) (per curiam). We hold that this additional

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the America First
Legal Foundation by Christopher E. Mills; for the American Alliance for
Equal Rights by Thomas R. McCarthy and Cameron T. Norris; for the
Equal Protection Project by William A. Jacobson and James R. Nault;
for the National Employment Lawyers Association by Eric Schnapper;
and for the Pacifc Legal Foundation by Jeffrey D. Jennings.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Local Gov-
ernment Legal Center et al. by Nadia A. Sarkis and Kelly Shea Delvac;
and for the NAACP Legal Defense & Educational Fund, Inc., et al. by
Janai S. Nelson, Samuel Spital, Alexsis M. Johnson, Avatara A. Smith-
Car r ington, Molly M. Cain, Jenni fer A. Holmes, and Michaele N.
Turnage-Young.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the Massachusetts Chapter of the
National Organization for Women by Robert S. Mantell; for Katie Eyer
et al. by Zachary D. Tripp, Robert B. Niles-Weed, Katie Eyer, pro se,
Sandra F. Sperino, and Deborah A. Widiss; and for Josh Young by Wil-
liam E. Trachman.
306 AMES v. OHIO DEPT. OF YOUTH SERVS.

Opinion of the Court

"background circumstances" requirement is not consistent
with Title VII's text or our case law construing the statute.
Accordingly, we vacate the judgment below and remand for
application of the proper prima facie standard.

I
The Ohio Department of Youth Services operates the
State's juvenile correctional system. In 2004, the agency
hired petitioner Marlean Ames, a heterosexual woman, to
serve as an executive secretary. Ames was eventually pro-
moted to program administrator and, in 2019, applied for
a newly created management position in the agency's Offce
of Quality and Improvement. Although the agency inter-
viewed her for the position, it ultimately hired a different
candidate -- a lesbian woman -- to fll the role.
A few days after Ames interviewed for the management
position, her supervisors removed her from her role as pro-
Page Proof Pending Publication
gram administrator. She accepted a demotion to the secre-
tarial role she had held when she frst joined the agency -- a
move that resulted in a signifcant pay cut. The agency then
hired a gay man to fll the vacant program-administrator po-
sition. Ames subsequently fled this lawsuit against the
agency under Title VII, alleging that she was denied the
management promotion and demoted because of her sexual
orientation.
The District Court granted summary judgment to the
agency. 2023 WL 2539214, *12 (SD Ohio, Mar. 16, 2023).
The court analyzed Ames's claims under McDonnell Douglas
Corp. v. Green, (1973), which establishes the
traditional framework for evaluating disparate-treatment
claims that rest on circumstantial evidence. At the frst
step of that framework, the plaintiff must make a prima facie
showing that the defendant acted with a discriminatory mo-
tive. Relying on Circuit precedent, the District Court con-
cluded that Ames had failed to make that showing because
 Cite as: (2025) 307

Opinion of the Court

she had not presented evidence of " `background circum-
stances' " suggesting that the agency was the rare employer
who discriminates against members of a majority group.
2023 WL 2539214, *7. Without that evidence, the court
held, plaintiffs who are members of majority groups -- includ-
ing heterosexual plaintiffs, like Ames -- could not discharge
their evidentiary burden at the frst step of the McDonnell
Douglas inquiry. 2023 WL 2539214, *8 -- *9.
The Sixth Circuit affrmed. Like the District Court, the
Sixth Circuit held that Ames had failed to meet her prima
facie burden because she had not shown " `background cir-
cumstances to support the suspicion that the defendant is
that unusual employer who discriminates against the major-
ity.' " 87 F. 4th, at 825. The court reasoned that Ames, as
a straight woman, was required to make this showing "in
addition to the usual ones for establishing a prima-facie
case." Ibid. And it explained that plaintiffs can typically
Page Proof Pending Publication
satisfy this burden, where applicable, by presenting "evi-
dence that a member of the relevant minority group (here,
gay people) made the employment decision at issue, or with
statistical evidence showing a pattern of discrimination...
against members of the majority group." Ibid. The panel
concluded that the agency was entitled to summary judg-
ment because Ames had failed to present either type of evi-
dence. Ibid.
Judge Kethledge concurred in the court's decision but
wrote separately to express his disagreement with the
"background circumstances" rule. In his view, the require-
ment was not only unworkable -- in that it required an assess-
ment of evidence presented by different plaintiffs under dif-
ferent standards -- but also diverged substantially from Title
VII's text. Id., at 827 -- 828.
The Sixth Circuit's decision reinforced a Circuit split as to
whether majority-group plaintiffs are subject to a different
evidentiary burden than minority-group plaintiffs at McDon-
308 AMES v. OHIO DEPT. OF YOUTH SERVS.

Opinion of the Court

nell Douglas's frst step.1 We granted certiorari to resolve
that split. See (2024).

II
Title VII's disparate-treatment provision bars employers
from intentionally discriminating against their employees on
the basis of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. 78
Stat. 255, 42 U. S. C. -- 2(a)(1). In McDonnell Doug-
las, this Court laid out a three-step burden-shifting frame-
work for evaluating claims arising under that provision. 411
U. S., at 802 -- 804. The McDonnell Douglas framework aims
to "bring the litigants and the court expeditiously and fairly
to th[e] ultimate question" in a disparate-treatment case -- 
namely, whether "the defendant intentionally discriminated
against the plaintiff." Burdine, 450 U. S., at 253.2
At the frst step of the familiar three-step inquiry, the
plaintiff bears the "initial burden" of "establishing a prima
Page Proof Pending Publication
facie case" by producing enough evidence to support an infer-
ence of discriminatory motive. McDonnell Douglas, 411
U. S., at 802. If the plaintiff clears that hurdle, the burden
1
In addition to the Sixth Circuit, four other Circuits have held or sug-
gested that majority-group plaintiffs must satisfy a heightened burden to
make out a prima facie case of disparate treatment under Title VII. See
Hammer v. Ashcroft, 383 F. 3d 722, 724 (CA8 2004); Mills v. Health Care
Serv. Corp., 171 F. 3d 450, 457 (CA7 1999); Harding v. Gray, 9 F. 3d 150,
153 (CADC 1993); Notari v. Denver Water Dept., 971 F. 2d 585, 589 (CA10
1992). Other Circuits do not impose any heightened burden on majority-
group plaintiffs.
2
Although our cases have sometimes described the McDonnell Douglas
inquiry as a "burden-shifting" framework, the "ultimate burden of per-
suading the trier of fact that the defendant intentionally discriminated
against the plaintiff remains at all times with the plaintiff." Burdine, 450
U. S., at 253. McDonnell Douglas merely aims to provide " `a sensible,
orderly way to evaluate the evidence' " that " `bears on the critical ques-
tion of discrimination.' " Postal Service Bd. of Governors v. Aikens, (1983). For purposes of this case, we assume without de-
ciding that the McDonnell Douglas framework applies at the summary-
judgment stage of litigation.
 Cite as: (2025) 309

Opinion of the Court

then "shift[s] to the employer to articulate some legitimate,
nondiscriminatory reason for the employee's rejection."
Ibid. Finally, if the employer articulates such a justifca-
tion, the plaintiff must then have a "fair opportunity" to
show that the stated justifcation "was in fact pretext" for
discrimination. Id., at 804. A plaintiff "may succeed
[under the McDonnell Douglas framework] either directly
by persuading the court that a discriminatory reason more
likely motivated the employer or indirectly by showing that
the employer's proffered explanation is unworthy of cre-
dence." Burdine, 450 U. S., at 256.
For most plaintiffs, the frst step of the McDonnell Doug-
las framework -- the prima facie burden -- is "not onerous."
Burdine, 450 U. S., at 253. A plaintiff may satisfy it simply
by presenting evidence "that she applied for an available po-
sition for which she was qualifed, but was rejected under
circumstances which give rise to an inference of unlawful
discrimination." Ibid. But, under Sixth Circuit precedent,
Page Proof Pending Publication
plaintiffs who are members of a majority group bear an addi-
tional burden at step one: They must also establish " `back-
ground circumstances to support the suspicion that the de-
fendant is that unusual employer who discriminates against
the majority.' " 87 F. 4th, at 825.
As outlined below, the Sixth Circuit's "background circum-
stances" rule cannot be squared with the text of Title VII or
our longstanding precedents. And nothing Ohio has said, in
its brief or at oral argument, persuades us otherwise.

A
As a textual matter, Title VII's disparate-treatment provi-
sion draws no distinctions between majority-group plaintiffs
and minority-group plaintiffs. Rather, the provision makes
it unlawful "to fail or refuse to hire or to discharge any indi-
vidual, or otherwise to discriminate against any individual
with respect to his compensation, terms, conditions, or privi-
leges of employment, because of such individual's race, color,
310 AMES v. OHIO DEPT. OF YOUTH SERVS.

Opinion of the Court

religion, sex, or national origin." 42 U. S. C. -- 2(a)(1). The "law's focus on individuals rather
than groups [is] anything but academic." Bostock v. Clay-
ton County, (2020). By establishing the
same protections for every "individual" -- without regard to
that individual's membership in a minority or majority
group -- Congress left no room for courts to impose special
requirements on majority-group plaintiffs alone.
Our precedents reinforce that understanding of the stat-
ute. In Griggs v. Duke Power Co., (1971), for
instance, we said that "[d]iscriminatory preference for any
group, minority or majority, is precisely and only what Con-
gress has proscribed" in Title VII. Id., at 431. We made the same point even more explicitly in
McDonald v. Santa Fe Trail Transportation Co., (1976), a few years later. The employer in that case had
argued that certain forms of discrimination against White
Page Proof Pending Publication
employees fell outside the reach of Title VII. Id., at 280,. But we rejected that argument, holding that "Title
VII prohibit[ed] racial discrimination against the white peti-
tioners in th[at] case upon the same standards as would
be applicable were they Negroes." Id., at 280 ; see also id., at 279.
Our case law thus makes clear that the standard for prov-
ing disparate treatment under Title VII does not vary based
on whether or not the plaintiff is a member of a majority
group. Accord, Bostock, 590 U. S., at 659 ("This statute
works to protect individuals of both sexes from discrim-
ination, and does so equally"). The "background circum-
stances" rule fouts that basic principle.
The "background circumstances" rule also ignores our
instruction to avoid infexible applications of McDonnell
Douglas's frst prong. This Court has repeatedly explained
 Cite as: (2025) 311

Opinion of the Court

that the "precise requirements of a prima facie case can vary
depending on the context and were `never intended to be
rigid, mechanized, or ritualistic.' " Swierkiewicz v. Sorema
N. A., (2002) ). In McDonnell Douglas
itself, we observed that the "facts necessarily will vary in
Title VII cases," and that "the prima facie proof required"
can therefore differ from case to case. 411 U. S., at 802,.
The "background circumstances" rule disregards this ad-
monition by uniformly subjecting all majority-group plain-
tiffs to the same, highly specifc evidentiary standard in
every case. As the Sixth Circuit observed, the rule effec-
tively requires majority-group plaintiffs (and only majority-
group plaintiffs) to produce certain types of evidence -- such
as statistical proof or information about the relevant deci-
sionmaker's protected traits -- that would not otherwise be
required to make out a prima facie case. 87 F. 4th, at 825.
Page Proof Pending Publication
This Court has long rejected such "infexible formula-
tion[s]" of the prima facie standard in disparate-treatment
cases. Teamsters v. United States, (1977).
We do so again today.
B
Ohio barely contests any of the above. At oral argument,
the State repeatedly acknowledged that Title VII's
disparate-treatment provision imposes the same prima facie
burden on majority-group plaintiffs that it imposes on
minority-group plaintiffs.3 Its brief likewise offers no justi-
fcation for imposing a heightened evidentiary standard on
majority-group plaintiffs. Instead, Ohio tries to attack the
3
See Tr. of Oral Arg. 39 ("Ohio agrees it is wrong to hold some litigants
to a higher standard because of their protected characteristics"); id., at 44
(endorsing the Solicitor General's position that Title VII imposes the same
standards on majority-group and minority-group plaintiffs); id., at 49 -- 51
(confirming that Ames "should have the same burden" as other
plaintiffs).
312 AMES v. OHIO DEPT. OF YOUTH SERVS.

Opinion of the Court

premise of the question presented by arguing that the "back-
ground circumstances" rule does not operate to subject
majority-group plaintiffs to a heightened evidentiary stand-
ard at all. Under Ohio's view, the "background circum-
stances" requirement "is not an additional prima facie ele-
ment" but, rather, "just another way of asking whether the
circumstances surrounding an employment decision, if other-
wise unexplained, suggest that the decision was because of
a protected characteristic." Brief for Respondent 10.
This contention is directly at odds with the Court of Ap-
peals' description of the "background circumstances" rule
and its application of that requirement in this case. The
Court of Appeals explicitly held that "Ames is heterosexual... which means she must make a showing in addition to the
usual ones for establishing a prima-facie case." 87 F. 4th,
at 825. And the ensuing passage of the
court's opinion confrmed that a higher evidentiary standard
Page Proof Pending Publication
was being imposed on Ames because of her sexual orienta-
tion. The court stated: "Whether Ames made the necessary
showing of `background circumstances' is the principal issue
here" because "otherwise Ames's prima-facie case was easy
to make." Ibid. The court then recounted how Ames was
qualifed, had been denied a promotion in favor of a gay
candidate, and was later demoted in favor of another gay
candidate -- evidence that would ordinarily satisfy her prima
facie burden -- before it specifcally faulted Ames for failing
to make the "requisite showing of `background cir-
cumstances.' " Ibid.
In short, the Sixth Circuit expressly based its holding af-
frming summary judgment in favor of the agency on Ames's
failure to satisfy a heightened evidentiary standard. Ohio's
attempt to recast the "background circumstances" rule as an
application of the ordinary prima facie standard thus misses
the mark by a mile.
Ohio also urges this Court to affrm the judgment below
on alternative grounds, arguing that Ames's Title VII claims
 Cite as: (2025) 313

Thomas, J., concurring

would fail even absent the "background circumstances" rule.
But those alternative arguments would require us to resolve
issues that the Court of Appeals did not address in the frst
instance and that fall beyond the scope of the question pre-
sented. We granted review to consider the validity of the
"background circumstances" rule, and we reject that rule for
the reasons set forth above. We leave it to the courts below
to address any of Ohio's remaining arguments on remand.

* * *
The Sixth Circuit has implemented a rule that requires
certain Title VII plaintiffs -- those who are members of ma-
jority groups -- to satisfy a heightened evidentiary standard
in order to carry their burden under the frst step of the
McDonnell Douglas framework. We conclude that Title
VII does not impose such a heightened standard on majority-
group plaintiffs. Therefore, the judgment below is vacated,
Page Proof Pending Publication
and the case is remanded for application of the proper prima
facie standard.
It is so ordered.
Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Gorsuch joins,
concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full. I write separately to
highlight the problems that arise when judges create atex-
tual legal rules and frameworks. Judge-made doctrines
have a tendency to distort the underlying statutory text, im-
pose unnecessary burdens on litigants, and cause confusion
for courts. The "background circumstances" rule -- cor-
rectly rejected by the Court today -- is one example of this
phenomenon. And, the decision below involves another ex-
ample: The Sixth Circuit analyzed Ames's Title VII claim
under the three-step framework developed by this Court in
McDonnell Douglas Corp. v. Green, (1973). As
with the "background circumstances" rule, the McDonnell
Douglas framework lacks any basis in the text of Title VII
314 AMES v. OHIO DEPARTMENT OF YOUTH SERVICES

Thomas, J., concurring

and has proved diffcult for courts to apply. In a case where
the parties ask us to do so, I would be willing to consider
whether the McDonnell Douglas framework is a workable
and useful evidentiary tool.
I
The Sixth Circuit's "background circumstances" rule im-
poses a heightened burden on Title VII plaintiffs who belong
to so-called "majority groups." See 87 F. 4th 822, 825 (2023).
The rule requires a majority-group plaintiff to prove, in addi-
tion to the standard elements of a Title VII claim, that back-
ground circumstances " `support the suspicion that the de-
fendant is that unusual employer who discriminates against
the majority.' " Ibid. This additional requirement is a par-
adigmatic example of how judge-made doctrines can distort
the underlying statutory text.
As the Court's opinion explains, the "background circum-
stances" rule lacks any basis in the text of Title VII. Ante,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 310. Title VII bars employment discrimination against
"any individual" "because of such individual's race, color, reli-
gion, sex, or national origin." 42 U. S. C. -- 2(a)(1).
"Thus, to state the obvious, the statute bars discrimination
against `any individual' on the grounds specifed therein."
87 F. 4th, at 827 (Kethledge, J., concurring). The "back-
ground circumstances" rule plainly contravenes that statu-
tory command by imposing a higher burden on some individ-
uals based solely on their membership in a particular
demographic group.1
This rule is a product of improper judicial lawmaking.
See Stewart Organization, Inc. v. Ricoh Corp., (1988) (Scalia, J., dissenting) ("[W]hile interpreting and
applying substantive law is the essence of the `judicial
1
The "background circumstances" rule is also plainly at odds with the
Constitution's guarantee of equal protection. That guarantee " `cannot
mean one thing when applied to one individual and something else when
applied to [another].' " Students for Fair Admissions, Inc. v. President
and Fellows of Harvard College, (2023).
 Cite as: (2025) 315

Thomas, J., concurring

Power' created under Article III of the Constitution, that
power does not encompass the making of substantive law").
The rule was created by D. C. Circuit judges in Parker v.
Baltimore & Ohio R. Co., 652 F. 2d 1012 (1981). Applying
their own "common sense," these judges determined that
extra evidence is required to prove discrimination when a
Title VII plaintiff is white. Id., at 1017. In support of this
proposition, the court cited only its mistaken understanding
of the McDonnell Douglas framework, another judge-made
construct, see Part II, infra. 652 F. 2d, at 1017. At no
point in its development of this new rule did the court refer
to the text of Title VII.
The "background circumstances" rule also highlights how
judge-made doctrines can be diffcult for courts to apply.
Because courts lack an underlying legal authority on which
to ground their analysis, there is no principled way to resolve
doctrinal ambiguities. The "background circumstances"
Page Proof Pending Publication
rule suffers from this faw. A number of courts have de-
scribed the rule as "vague and ill-defned." E. g., Iadimarco
v. Runyon, 190 F. 3d 151, 161 (CA3 1999); see also Stock v.
Universal Foods Corp., 817 F. Supp. 1300, 1306 (Md. 1993)
(describing the rule as "vague and diffcult to apply"). Most
notably, the "background circumstances" rule requires
courts to perform the diffcult -- if not impossible -- task of
deciding whether a particular plaintiff qualifes as a member
of the so-called "majority." See Smyer v. Kroger Ltd. Part-
nership 1, 2024 WL 1007116, *7 (CA6, Mar. 8, 2024) (Boggs,
J., concurring) (explaining that we live "[i]n a world where it
has become increasingly diffcult to determine who belongs
in the majority").
How a court defnes the boundaries of a population can
affect whether a particular person falls into a majority or
minority group. Women, for example, make up the majority
in the United States as a whole, but not in some States and
counties. See Dept. of Commerce, Census Bureau, L.
Blakeslee, Z. Caplan, J. Meyer, M. Rabe, & A. Roberts, Age
316 AMES v. OHIO DEPARTMENT OF YOUTH SERVICES

Thomas, J., concurring

and Sex Composition: 2020, pp. 2, 8, 14 -- 15 (C2020BR -- 06,
2023) (Census Bureau). Similarly, women make up the ma-
jority of employees in certain industries, such as teaching
and nursing, but the minority in other industries, such as
construction. Brief for America First Legal Foundation as
Amicus Curiae 13, https://
www.dol.gov/agencies/wb/data /occupations/ largest-share-
women-workers; Dept. of Labor, Occupations With the
Smallest Share of Women Workers (Apr. 2025), https://www.dol.gov/agencies/wb/data/occupations/occupations-smallest-
share-women-workers).
Defning the "majority" is even more diffcult in the con-
text of race, as racial categories tend to be "overbroad" and
"imprecise in many ways." Students for Fair Admissions,
Inc. v. President and Fellows of Harvard College, (2023).2 "American families have become increas-
ingly multicultural," and "attempts to divide us all up into a
Page Proof Pending Publication
handful of groups have become only more incoherent with
time." Id., at 293 (Gorsuch, J., concurring). And, even if
courts could identify all the relevant racial groups and their
boundaries, courts would still struggle to determine which
racial groups make up a majority. Black employees in De-
troit, for example, make up a majority in their city, but not in
Michigan or the United States at large. See Census Bureau,

2
"The term `Asian,' " for example, "is extremely broad and masks impor-
tant variations by country of origin." R. Bhopal, Migration, Ethnicity,
Race, and Health in Multicultural Societies 18 (2d ed. 2014). Courts have
also struggled to determine what it means to be "Hispanic." See, e. g.,
Major Concrete Constr., Inc. v. Erie Cty., 134 App. Div. 2d 872, 873 -- 874,
521 N. Y. S. 2d 959, 960 (1987) (upholding an administrative determination
that a person with one Mexican grandparent did not qualify as Hispanic);
see also M. Lopez, J. Krogstad, & J. Passel, Pew Research Center, Who Is
Hispanic? (Sept. 15, 2022), https://web.archive.org/web/20220930084123/
https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2022/09/15/who-is-hispanic/
(describing "evolving cultural norms about what it means to be Hispanic
or Latino in the U. S. today").
 Cite as: (2025) 317

Thomas, J., concurring

Quick Facts: Detroit City, Michigan (July 2024), https://www.census.gov/ quickfacts/fact/ table/detroitcitymichigan/
PST045224; Census Bureau, Quick Facts: Michigan (July
2024), https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/MI/
PST045224.
Similar problems arise with religion. As with sex and
race, a particular religion could make up the majority or the
minority, depending on how the population is defned. And,
in the context of religion, the "background circumstances"
rule requires courts to decide both the plaintiff's religion and
how the plaintiff's religion compares with the religion of ev-
eryone else in the relevant population. Those tasks are for-
midable, as Americans hold a wide range of religious beliefs,
as well as a wide range of views about the proper way to
categorize other religions. Americans have different views,
for example, on whether Catholics are Christians. The "ju-
dicial process is singularly ill equipped to resolve" these
Page Proof Pending Publication
kinds of faith-based "differences." Thomas v. Review Bd.
of Ind. Employment Security Div., (1981);
see also Our Lady of Guadalupe School v. Morrissey-Berru,
(2020) ("[D]etermining whether a person is
a `co-religionist' will not always be easy").
Courts that have adopted the "background circumstances"
rule have offered no guidance on how to decide whether a
particular person is a member of the "majority." See Bish-
opp v. District of Columbia, 788 F. 2d 781, 786, (CADC
1986) ("[N]either this court nor the Supreme Court has
squarely addressed the issue whether minority status for
purposes of a prima facie case could have a regional or local
meaning"). Instead, judges have been left to their own de-
vices to make these challenging determinations.
Most courts appear to have sidestepped these diffculties
by abandoning the search for neutral principles and instead
assuming that the "background circumstances" rule applies
only to white and male plaintiffs. The Tenth Circuit, for
example, assumed that the rule applies to "white plaintiff[s]"
318 AMES v. OHIO DEPARTMENT OF YOUTH SERVICES

Thomas, J., concurring

on the ground that white individuals are "members of a
historically favored group." Taken v. Oklahoma Corp.
Comm'n, 125 F. 3d 1366, 1369 (1997). Similarly, the D. C.
Circuit applied the rule to a white plaintiff while acknowl-
edging that "[o]f course whites are in the minority in the
District of Columbia." Bishopp, 788 F. 2d, at 786, and.
In other words, courts with this rule have enshrined into
Title VII's antidiscrimination law an explicitly race-based
preference: White plaintiffs must prove the existence of
background circumstances, while nonwhite plaintiffs need
not do so. Such a rule is undoubtedly contrary to Title VII,
and likely violates the Constitution, under which "there can
be no such thing as either a creditor or a debtor race." Ada-
rand Constructors, Inc. v. Peña, (1995)
(Scalia, J., concurring in part and concurring in judgment);
see, supra.
Thankfully, today's decision obviates the need for courts to
engage in the "sordid business" of "divvying us up by race"
Page Proof Pending Publication
or any other protected trait. League of United Latin Amer-
ican Citizens v. Perry, (2006) (Roberts,
C. J., concurring in part, concurring in judgment in part, and
dissenting in part). I simply observe that the "background
circumstances" rule is emblematic of the serious challenges
that can arise when judges invent atextual requirements.3

3
The " `background circumstances' " rule is nonsensical for an additional
reason: It requires courts to assume that only an " `unusual employer' "
would discriminate against those it perceives to be in the majority. 87
F. 4th 822, 825 (CA6 2023). But, a number of this Nation's largest and
most prestigious employers have overtly discriminated against those they
deem members of so-called majority groups. American employers have
long been "obsessed" with "diversity, equity, and inclusion" initiatives and
affrmative action plans. Brief for America First Legal Foundation as
Amicus Curiae 8. Initiatives of this kind have often led to overt discrim-
ination against those perceived to be in the majority. Harvard College,
600 U. S., at 258 (Thomas, J., concurring); Preston v. Wisconsin Health
Fund, 397 F. 3d 539, 542 (CA7 2005) (Posner, J., for the court) (explaining
 Cite as: (2025) 319

Thomas, J., concurring

For too long, that rule put "a deep scratch across [the] sur-
face" of Title VII. 87 F. 4th, at 827 (Kethledge, J., concur-
ring). I am pleased that the Court rejects it in full today.
II
This case involves a second judge-made rule. Relying on
Circuit precedent, the Sixth Circuit applied the three-step
framework developed by this Court in McDonnell Douglas
to determine whether Ames's Title VII claim should survive
summary judgment. The Court today assumes without de-
ciding that the McDonnell Douglas framework is an appro-
priate tool for making that determination. Ante, at 308,.
But, the judge-made McDonnell Douglas framework has no
basis in the text of Title VII. And, as I have previously
explained, lower courts' extension of this doctrine into the
summary-judgment context has caused "signifcant confu-
sion" and "troubling outcomes on the ground." Hittle v.
City of Stockton, 604 U. S. -- -- -- , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- (2025) (opinion dis-
Page Proof Pending Publication
senting from denial of certiorari). In an appropriate case,
this Court should consider whether the McDonnell Douglas
framework is an appropriate tool to evaluate Title VII claims
at summary judgment.
A
The McDonnell Douglas framework is a judge-made evi-
dentiary "tool." Comcast Corp. v. National Assn. of Afri-
can American-Owned Media, (2020). It
was originally developed for courts to use in a bench trial.
Hittle, 604 U. S., at -- -- -- (opinion of Thomas, J.). Its in-
tended purpose was to help "bring the litigants and the court
expeditiously and fairly to th[e] ultimate question" in a Title
VII case -- that is, whether "the defendant intentionally dis-
criminated against the plaintiff." Texas Dept. of Commu-
nity Affairs v. Burdine, (1981).
that companies are "under pressure from affrmative action plans" to dis-
criminate in favor of members of so-called minority groups).
320 AMES v. OHIO DEPARTMENT OF YOUTH SERVICES

Thomas, J., concurring

The framework has three steps, which this Court has sum-
marized as follows: "First, the plaintiff has the burden of
proving by the preponderance of the evidence a prima facie
case of discrimination." Id., at 252 -- 253. "Second, if the
plaintiff succeeds in proving the prima facie case, the burden
shifts to the defendant `to articulate some legitimate, nondis-
criminatory reason for the employee's rejection.' " Id., at
253. "Third,
should the defendant carry this burden, the plaintiff must
then have an opportunity to prove by a preponderance of the
evidence that the legitimate reasons offered by the defend-
ant were not its true reasons, but were a pretext for discrim-
ination." 450 U. S., at 253.
The McDonnell Douglas framework was made "out of
whole cloth." Hittle, 604 U. S., at -- -- -- (opinion of Thomas,
J.). Its contours have no basis in the text of Title VII or
any other source of law. And, as far as I can tell, this Court
has never attempted to justify it on textual grounds. Ibid.;
Page Proof Pending Publication
see Tynes v. Florida Dept. of Juvenile Justice, 88 F. 4th 939,
952 (CA11 2023) (Newsom, J., concurring) ("There's certainly
no textual warrant in Title VII or the Federal Rules for so
elaborate a scheme, and so far as I know, no one has ever
even sought to justify it as rooted in either"); Griffth v. Des
Moines, 387 F. 3d 733, 740 (CA8 2004) (Magnuson, J., concur-
ring specially) ("Absent from th[e] opinion was any justifca-
tion or authority for this scheme").

B
The McDonnell Douglas framework exemplifies how
judge-made doctrines can have amorphous bounds. Al-
though originally designed for the bench-trial context, the
McDonnell Douglas framework has over the years "taken
on a life of its own." Tynes, 88 F. 4th, at 952 (Newsom, J.,
concurring). It is today "the presumptive means of resolv-
ing Title VII cases at summary judgment." Ibid. And,
that development has come without this Court ever consider-
 Cite as: (2025) 321

Thomas, J., concurring

ing -- much less holding -- that the framework is an appro-
priate tool for the summary-judgment task.
Far from extending the framework to new contexts, this
Court has taken steps to "limi[t] the relevancy and applicabil-
ity of the McDonnell Douglas framework." T. Tymkovich,
The Problem With Pretext, 85 Denver U. L. Rev. 503, 507
(2008) (Tymkovich). For example, this Court has held that
McDonnell Douglas is "inapplicable" when the plaintiff re-
lies on direct evidence to prove his claim. Trans World Air-
lines, Inc. v. Thurston, (1985). The Court
has also held that the framework does not apply in Title VII
mixed-motive cases. Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins, (1989) (plurality opinion). We have said that
the framework is inapplicable at the pleading stage, Swier-
kiewicz v. Sorema N. A., (2002), and in
deciding post-trial motions, Postal Service Bd. of Governors
v. Aikens, (1983). This Court has further
explained that a plaintiff need not satisfy the frst step of the
Page Proof Pending Publication
framework at trial. Ibid. And, we have strongly sug-
gested that the framework should not be referenced in jury
instructions because it is too confusing. Vance v. Ball State
Univ., -- 445, and (2013).
Notwithstanding this Court's steps to limit McDonnell
Douglas, it is now the framework that "courts typically
apply" "to determine whether the plaintiff has proffered suf-
fcient evidence to survive summary judgment." Jackson v.
VHS Detroit Receiving Hospital, Inc., 814 F. 3d 769, 776
(CA6 2016). The reason for this expansion is unclear. This
Court has only once addressed the application of McDonnell
Douglas to Title VII cases at summary judgment, and it held
that the framework did not apply. See Trans World Air-
lines, 469 U. S., at 121.4 But, however we got here, McDon-
4
To be sure, this Court has assumed without deciding that the McDon-
nell Douglas framework applies at summary judgment in contexts outside
of Title VII. See, e. g., O'Connor v. Consolidated Coin Caterers Corp.,
(1996) (Age Discrimination in Employment Act). But,
322 AMES v. OHIO DEPARTMENT OF YOUTH SERVICES

Thomas, J., concurring

nell Douglas now undeniably plays a prominent role in Title
VII cases at summary judgment.

C
I seriously doubt that the McDonnell Douglas framework
is a suitable tool for evaluating Title VII claims at summary
judgment. In my view, the framework is incompatible with
the summary-judgment standard; it fails to encompass the
various ways in which a plaintiff could prove his claim; it
requires courts to maintain artifcial distinctions between di-
rect and circumstantial evidence; and it has created outsized
judicial confusion.
1
My frst concern is that the McDonnell Douglas frame-
work is incompatible with the summary-judgment standard
set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 56.
Rule 56(a) requires a court to grant summary judgment
Page Proof Pending Publication
when the movant establishes that there is "no genuine dis-
pute as to any material fact and the movant is entitled to
judgment as a matter of law." But, "the language this
Court has used to describe the [McDonnell Douglas] frame-
work does not neatly track" that rule. Hittle, 604 U. S.,
at -- -- -- (opinion of Thomas, J.). Namely, the framework does
not speak in terms of "genuine dispute[s]" regarding the
facts. Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 56(a). Instead, it speaks in
terms of "proving" facts "by the preponderance of the evi-
dence." Burdine, 450 U. S., at 252 -- 253. That difference is
signifcant because "a plaintiff need not establish or prove
any elements -- by a preponderance or otherwise -- to survive
summary judgment." Hittle, 604 U. S., at -- -- -- (opinion of
Thomas, J.). In my view, requiring a plaintiff to satisfy the
McDonnell Douglas framework -- as this Court has de-

as far as I can tell, this Court has never had occasion to decide whether
the McDonnell Douglas framework is a useful or appropriate tool for eval-
uating any kind of claim at summary judgment.
 Cite as: (2025) 323

Thomas, J., concurring

scribed it -- requires a plaintiff to prove too much at sum-
mary judgment.
If courts are to apply McDonnell Douglas at summary
judgment, they must modify the framework to match the ap-
plicable legal standard. For example, at the third step, the
question for the court cannot be whether the plaintiff has
"prove[d] by a preponderance of the evidence that the legiti-
mate reasons offered by the defendant... were a pretext
for discrimination." Burdine, 450 U. S., at 253. Instead,
the plaintiff need only present suffcient evidence to create a
"genuine dispute as to" whether the employer's stated rea-
son was pretextual. Rule 56(a).

2
A second problem with the McDonnell Douglas frame-
work is that it fails to capture all the ways in which a plain-
tiff can prove a Title VII claim. See Hittle, 604 U. S., at -- -- -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
(opinion of Thomas, J.). McDonnell Douglas "sets forth cri-
teria that, if satisfed, will allow a plaintiff to prove a Title
VII violation." 604 U. S., at -- -- -- . But, satisfying McDon-
nell Douglas is "not the only way" to prevail under Title
VII. 604 U. S., at -- -- -- .
For example, the text of Title VII provides that "an unlaw-
ful employment practice is established when the complaining
party demonstrates that race, color, religion, sex, or national
origin was a motivating factor for any employment practice,
even though other factors also motivated the practice." 42
U. S. C. -- 2(m). In other words, a
plaintiff may establish a Title VII violation by proving that
an employer took an employment action in part because of
an unlawful motive.
Yet, the McDonnell Douglas framework requires a plain-
tiff to prove that "the legitimate reasons offered by the de-
fendant were not its true reasons, but were a pretext for
discrimination." Burdine, 450 U. S., at 253. That require-
ment demands more than the text of Title VII: Under the
324 AMES v. OHIO DEPARTMENT OF YOUTH SERVICES

Thomas, J., concurring

statute, a plaintiff need not establish that the employer's
stated reason for its action was wholly pretextual. A plain-
tiff could prevail even if the employer's stated reason was
part of the reason for the employer's action. It follows that
a plaintiff's inability to satisfy McDonnell Douglas's third
step does not necessarily mean that the plaintiff's claim
should fail. In view of that problem, this Court has held
that the McDonnell Douglas framework should not be used
in cases where the plaintiff argues that the employer oper-
ated with mixed motives. Price Waterhouse, 490 U. S., at
258 (plurality opinion). Instead, the framework appears to
be limited to cases where the plaintiff argues that discrimi-
nation was the sole factor infuencing the employer's deci-
sion. But, "[n]othing in the text of [Title VII] indicates that
Congress intended courts to maintain this dichotomy."
Tymkovich 522.
And, even in so-called single-motive cases, McDonnell
Douglas fails to capture all the ways in which a plaintiff
Page Proof Pending Publication
could prevail. See Berry v. Crestwood Healthcare LP, 84
F. 4th 1300, 1310 (CA11 2023) (observing that a plaintiff can
prove a Title VII claim without satisfying McDonnell Doug-
las's three steps). A plaintiff who cannot establish a prima
facie case at the frst step or pretext at the third step can
still prevail under Title VII so long as his evidence raises a
reasonable inference of unlawful discrimination. The "ulti-
mate question" is simply whether "the defendant intention-
ally discriminated against the plaintiff." Burdine, 450 U. S.,
at 253.
3
Another problem with the McDonnell Douglas framework
is that it requires courts to draw and maintain an artifcial
distinction between direct and circumstantial evidence.
This Court has held that "the McDonnell Douglas test is
inapplicable where the plaintiff presents direct evidence of
discrimination." Trans World Airlines, 469 U. S., at 121.
Our precedent therefore requires courts to "make the often
 Cite as: (2025) 325

Thomas, J., concurring

subtle and diffcult distinction between `direct' and `indirect'
or `circumstantial' evidence." Price Waterhouse, 490 U. S.,
at 291 (Kennedy, J., dissenting).
In most civil litigation contexts, courts have no occasion
to distinguish between direct and circumstantial evidence.
"[I]n any lawsuit, the plaintiff may prove his case by direct
or circumstantial evidence," or some combination thereof.
Aikens, 460 U. S., at 714,. And, the law makes no dis-
tinction regarding the weight or value assigned to either
kind of evidence. "The reason for treating circumstantial
and direct evidence alike," we have explained, "is both clear
and deep rooted: `Circumstantial evidence is not only suff-
cient, but may also be more certain, satisfying and persua-
sive than direct evidence.' " Desert Palace, Inc. v. Costa,
(2003).
That " `[c]onventional rul[e] of civil litigation' " -- that a
plaintiff can proceed with direct or circumstantial evidence -- 
applies with full force to Title VII cases. Id., at 99. Yet,
Page Proof Pending Publication
McDonnell Douglas requires courts to determine at the out-
set the nature of the evidence before it, which often prolongs
litigation instead of streamlining it. See, e. g., Othman v.
Country Club Hills, 671 F. 3d 672, 675 (CA8 2012). Because
a Title VII plaintiff can prove his claim with either direct or
circumstantial evidence, I am skeptical of a framework that
requires courts to perform the "diffcult" task of characteriz-
ing each piece of evidence. Price Waterhouse, 490 U. S., at
291 (Kennedy, J., dissenting).

4
That the McDonnell Douglas framework "has befuddled"
courts "[s]ince its inception" is yet another reason to question
it. Griffth, 387 F. 3d, at 746 (Magnuson, J., concurring spe-
cially). Six years after this Court created the framework,
the First Circuit observed that "the subtleties of McDonnell
Douglas are confusing" and "have caused considerable diff-
culty for judges of all levels." Loeb v. Textron, Inc., 600
326 AMES v. OHIO DEPARTMENT OF YOUTH SERVICES

Thomas, J., concurring

F. 2d 1003, 1016 (CA1 1979). That early confusion never dis-
sipated. A decade later, Justice Kennedy made the same
observation, explaining that "[l]ower courts long have had
difficulty applying McDonnell Douglas." Price Water-
house, 490 U. S., at 291 (dissenting opinion). About 20 years
after that, Judge Tymkovich too observed that "[l]ower
courts have struggled to implement the burden-shifting
framework for over thirty years." Tymkovich 529. The
McDonnell Douglas framework has been on the books for
over 50 years now, and courts still report "continuing confu-
sion." Tynes, 88 F. 4th, at 945; see also Hittle, 604 U. S.,
at -- -- -- (opinion of Thomas, J.) (collecting examples). That
those who have carefully grappled with the framework for
decades cannot make sense of it suggests that the framework
is unworkable.
D
This case did not present the question whether the Mc-
Page Proof Pending Publication
Donnell Douglas framework is an appropriate tool for evalu-
ating Title VII claims at summary judgment. In a case
where that issue is squarely before us, I would consider
whether the framework should be used for that purpose.
In the meantime, litigants and lower courts are free to
proceed without the McDonnell Douglas framework. This
Court has never required anyone to use it. And, district
courts are well equipped to resolve summary judgment mo-
tions without it. Every day -- and in almost every context
except the Title VII context -- district courts across the
country resolve summary judgment motions by applying the
straightforward text of Rule 56. In my view, it might be-
hoove courts and litigants to take that same approach in Title
VII cases.
* * *
Atextual, judge-created legal rules have a tendency to
generate complexity, confusion, and erroneous results. I am
pleased that the Court correctly rejects the atextual "back-
ground circumstances" rule today.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 2
Pages 443 -- 459

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 12, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 443

Syllabus

RIVERS v. GUERRERO, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DE-
PARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, COR-
RECTIONAL INSTITUTIONS DIVISION
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 1345. Argued March 31, 2025 -- Decided June 12, 2025
Petitioner Danny Rivers was convicted in Texas state court of continuous
sexual abuse of a child and related charges. After unsuccessfully seek-
ing direct appeal and state habeas relief, Rivers fled his frst federal
habeas petition under 28 U. S. C. in August 2017, asserting claims
of prosecutorial misconduct, ineffective assistance of counsel, and other
constitutional violations. The District Court denied the petition in Sep-
tember 2018, and Rivers appealed to the Fifth Circuit, which granted a
certifcate of appealability on his ineffective-assistance claim in July
2020.
While his appeal was pending, Rivers obtained his trial counsel's cli-
ent fle, which contained a state investigator's report that he believed
Page Proof Pending Publication
was exculpatory. After the Fifth Circuit denied his request to supple-
ment the record on appeal, Rivers fled a second petition in the
District Court based on this newly discovered evidence. The District
Court classifed this second-in-time fling as a "second or successive"
habeas application under and transferred it to the Fifth Circuit
for authorization to fle. Rivers appealed the transfer order, and the
Fifth Circuit affrmed, holding that the fact that Rivers's frst petition
was still on appeal did not permit him to circumvent the requirements
for successive petitions under as to his second fling.
Held: Once a district court enters its judgment with respect to a frst-fled
habeas petition, a second-in-time fling qualifes as a "second or succes-
sive application" properly subject to the requirements of.
Pp. 450 -- 459.
(a) The Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996
(AEDPA) contains several signifcant procedural barriers that strictly
limit a court's ability to hear "claim[s] presented" in any "second or
successive habeas corpus application." (1), (2). Relevant
here, prohibits habeas applicants from fling a subsequent petition
that relitigates the merits of previously denied claims. See
(1). Even if the subsequent petition presents a new claim, the
second-in-time application can only proceed if it "relies on a new and
retroactive rule of constitutional law" or "alleges previously undis-
444 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Syllabus

coverable facts that would establish [the petitioner's] innocence." Ban-
ister v. Davis,. In addition, a petitioner cannot
bring a second or successive habeas application directly to the district
court but must frst go to the court of appeals and make a "prima facie
showing" that the petition satisfes one of (2)'s exceptions.
Pp. 450 -- 451.
(b) The Court has jurisdiction to review this dispute. Respondent
contends that Rivers lacks standing because the Fifth Circuit has now
affrmed the District Court's judgment denying the initial habeas peti-
tion on the merits. But because a favorable decision here would re-
dress Rivers's alleged injury that the District Court inappropriately
transferred his second habeas application to the Fifth Circuit for review
under, Rivers has appellate standing with respect to that legal
claim. Nor does the fact that Rivers is no longer in custody on the
child-pornography conviction that his second habeas fling challenges
defeat this Court's habeas jurisdiction, given that Rivers remains incar-
cerated on related sexual-abuse sentences that the newly discovered
evidence may implicate. Pp. 451 -- 452.
(c) The phrase "second or successive habeas corpus application" in
(2) is a "term of art" that does not refer to all habeas flings made
second in time following an initial application. Whether a fling qualifes
Page Proof Pending Publication
as a second or successive application generally turns on the existence of a
fnal judgment with respect to the frst petition, not the status of any
appeal. An amended petition fled before judgment is not second or
successive because fnal judgment has not issued, while a motion under
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 60(b) fled after judgment counts as a
second or successive application if it attacks the court's previous resolu-
tion of a claim on the merits or seeks to add new grounds for relief.
Rivers's argument that his second fling should not trigger 
because his appeal was pending is unpersuasive. The Court's decision
in Banister v. Davis, does not support a rule that is based
on appeal timing but rather confrms that entry of fnal judgment gener-
ally separates frst from second or successive habeas flings. Rule 59(e)
motions present a unique variant because they suspend fnality and help
produce a single fnal judgment, but Rivers's fling does not fall within
this narrow category. Pp. 452 -- 454.
(d) Purpose and history do not support Rivers's interpretation either.
Section 2244(b)'s restrictions aim to conserve judicial resources, reduce
piecemeal litigation, and lend fnality to state-court judgments within a
reasonable time. Drawing the second-or-successive line at the end of
appellate review would allow petitioners to fle numerous new applica-
tions during appeals, prolonging cases and encouraging piecemeal litiga-
tion. Historical habeas doctrine before AEDPA was inconsistent re-
 Cite as: (2025) 445

Syllabus

garding treatment of new flings during pending appeals, providing no
clear guidance. Pp. 454 -- 457.
(e) The Court declines to address Rivers's alternative argument that
his second fling, which he argues was a Rule 15 motion to amend, is not
a new application by its nature. This theory was not presented in the
petition for certiorari or to the courts below and makes its frst appear-
ance in the merits briefng. Additionally, the factual predicate is lack-
ing because the District Court lacked jurisdiction to grant such a motion
while the case was on appeal, and Rivers never requested an indicative
ruling under Rule 62.1. Pp. 457 -- 459.
99 F. 4th 216, affrmed.

Jackson, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.

Peter A. Bruland argued the cause for petitioner. With
him on the briefs were Virginia A. Seitz, Benjamin M. Mun-
del, Cody M. Akins, and Jacob Steinberg-Otter.
Aaron L. Nielson, Solicitor General of Texas, argued the
cause for respondent. With him on the brief were Ken Pax-
ton, Attorney General, Brent Webster, First Assistant Attor-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ney General, William F. Cole, Principal Deputy Solicitor
General, Jacob C. Beach, Assistant Solicitor General, Joseph
P. Corcoran, Deputy Chief, Criminal Appeals Division, and
Lori Brodbeck, Meagan Corser, and Justine Tan, Assistant
Attorneys General.
Matthew Guarnier i argued the cause for the United
States as amicus curiae urging affrmance. With him on
the brief were Acting Solicitor General Harris, Deputy So-
licitor General Feigin, and Antoinette T. Bacon.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for Former Federal
and State Prosecutors by Joshua D. Branson and Jarrod A. Nagurka; for
Former Federal Judges by Andrew T. Tutt and Dana Kagan McGinley;
for the National Association of Federal Defenders et al. by Jonathan Kirsh-
baum, Shelley Fite, David M. Porter, Rachel Julagay, and David F. Ness;
and for Phillips Black, Inc., by John R. Mills.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Arkansas et al. by Tim Griffn, Attorney General of Arkansas, Dylan L.
Jacobs, Interim Solicitor General, and Asher L. Steinberg, Senior Assistant
Solicitor General, by Christopher M. Carr, Attorney General of Georgia,
446 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

Justice Jackson delivered the opinion of the Court.
Incarcerated individuals who seek to challenge their im-
prisonment through a federal habeas petition are generally
afforded one opportunity to do so. See 28 U. S. C.,
2244. Before a federal court can address a petitioner's sec-
ond or successive federal habeas fling on the merits, the
incarcerated fler must clear strict procedural hurdles that
the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of
1996 (AEDPA) erects. See. This case pre-
sents the question of how to classify a second-in-time habeas
fling when the judgment denying the frst application is
under review on appeal. Does that second habeas-related
submission qualify as a second or successive application,
thereby triggering 's stringent gatekeeping
requirements?
We hold that, in general, once the district court has en-
tered its judgment with respect to the frst habeas petition,
Page Proof Pending Publication
a second-in-time application qualifes as "second or succes-

Stephen J. Petrany, Solicitor General, and Justin T. Golart, Deputy Solici-
tor General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective States as
follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, James Uthmeier of Florida, Raúl
Labrador of Idaho, Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana, Brenna Bird of Iowa,
Kris W. Kobach of Kansas, Russell Coleman of Kentucky, Liz Murrill of
Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Andrew Bailey of Missouri, Michael
T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Aaron D. Ford of Nevada, Drew H. Wrigley of
North Dakota, Dave Yost of Ohio, Gentner Drummond of Oklahoma, Alan
Wilson of South Carolina, Marty J. Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan
Skrmetti of Tennessee, Derek Brown of Utah, Jason Miyares of Virginia,
and Patrick Morrisey of West Virginia; for the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania et al. by David W. Sunday, Jr., Attorney General of Pennsylvania,
Hugh J. Burns, Jr., and Ronald Eisenberg, Senior Deputy Attorneys Gen-
eral, Kirsten E. Heine, Executive Deputy Attorney General, Kathleen Jen-
nings, Attorney General of Delaware, and Matthew J. Platkin, Attorney
General of New Jersey; for the Criminal Justice Legal Foundation by Kent
S. Scheidegger; and for Sen. John Cornyn by Owen J. McGovern.
Igor V. Timofeyev, Stephen B. Kinnaird, Vladimir J. Semendyai, and
Vanessa Omoroghomwan fled a brief for Lee Kovarsky et al. as amici
curiae.
 Cite as: (2025) 447

Opinion of the Court

sive" and is thus properly subject to the requirements of.
I
In 2012, a Texas state-court jury convicted petitioner
Danny Rivers of continuous sexual abuse of a child, two
forms of indecency with a child, and possession of child por-
nography. Rivers unsuccessfully sought direct appeal and
state habeas relief.
In August 2017, Rivers fled his frst federal habeas peti-
tion under 28 U. S. C., a statute that permits a federal
court to evaluate a state prisoner's claim "that he is in cus-
tody in violation of the Constitution or laws or treaties of the
United States.". In that habeas petition, Rivers
asserted, inter alia, claims of prosecutorial misconduct, inef-
fective assistance of trial and appellate counsel, and due
process and equal protection violations.
The District Court denied Rivers's habeas petition, issuing
Page Proof Pending Publication
its judgment in September 2018. Rivers then invoked the
procedure that AEDPA prescribes for seeking to challenge
a habeas denial in the court of appeals: He asked the
Fifth Circuit to give him what is known as a "certifcate of
appealability." 1 A Fifth Circuit Judge granted Rivers's re-
quest in July 2020, but only as to his claim for ineffective
assistance of counsel.
While his appeal was pending, Rivers gained access to his
own client fle, which had been in his trial counsel's posses-
sion. The fle contained a state investigator's report that
discussed two computer documents Rivers believed were re-

1
Individuals seeking to appeal the denial of a habeas petition
must receive permission to do so by obtaining such a certifcate. See
(1)(A) ("[A]n appeal may not be taken to the court of appeals from... the fnal order in a habeas corpus proceeding in which the detention
complained of arises out of process issued by a State court" "[u]nless a
circuit justice or judge issues a certifcate of appealability"). A certifcate
of appealability can issue "only if the applicant has made a substantial
showing of the denial of a constitutional right." (2).
448 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

lated to his convictions; one document was labeled "of inter-
est," while the other was specifcally described as "not child
porn." App. 94 (capitalization deleted). Rivers promptly
requested to supplement the Fifth Circuit's case record with
this purportedly exculpatory information, but the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied that request. Rivers then asked the appellate
panel to either stay the appeal or remand the case to the
District Court to allow him to present this new evidence to
the lower court in the frst instance. See id., at 99 (arguing
that "justice and judicial economy would best be served" if a
single court considered "all grounds" for relief (capitalization
deleted)). The Fifth Circuit rejected the stay-or-remand
request as well and, thereafter, affrmed the District Court's
denial of Rivers's petition on the merits. This Court
denied certiorari. See Rivers v. Lumpkin, 
(2023).
Notably for present purposes, after the Fifth Circuit de-
Page Proof Pending Publication
nied Rivers's request to supplement the record, Rivers fled
another petition with the District Court. This peti-
tion included the newly obtained state investigator's report
and raised claims for relief related to that evidence. A Mag-
istrate Judge recommended that this second-in-time habeas
petition be classifed as a "second or successive" habeas ap-
plication for purposes. Rivers objected, arguing
that his second fling should not be construed as a new
habeas application. Rather, Rivers asserted, the new fling
should be treated as an amendment to his initial habeas peti-
tion, because the judgment related to that frst petition was
still on appeal.
The District Court rejected Rivers's argument. It con-
cluded that the second-in-time fling was a second or succes-
sive habeas petition subject to (2) and transferred
the fling to the Fifth Circuit for a determination whether
(2)'s gatekeeping requirements for second or succes-
sive habeas petitions had been satisfed. See Part II, infra.
Rivers then appealed the District Court's transfer order,
 Cite as: (2025) 449

Opinion of the Court

again insisting that his fling was not a second or successive
habeas petition (as opposed to a motion to amend) "because
his frst-in-time petition was still pending on appeal." Riv-
ers v. Lumpkin, 99 F. 4th 216, 218 (CA5 2024).
The Fifth Circuit affrmed. In its view, "the timing of
Rivers's second-in-time petition d[id] not permit him to cir-
cumvent the requirements for fling successive petitions
under." Id., at 221. The panel reasoned that the
District Court could have treated the second-in-time fling
as a request to amend under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure
15 if the judgment relating to Rivers's frst petition had been
vacated on appeal and the case reopened in the District
Court. Ibid. But because the judgment as to the frst peti-
tion had not been so vacated, "Rivers's second-in-time habeas
petition" was a "second or successive" petition that was "sub-
ject to the district court's transfer order for lack of jurisdic-
tion absent authorization to fle." Id., at 223.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The Fifth Circuit's decision entrenched a Circuit split over
how to characterize a second-in-time habeas fling that is
fled when an appeal of the judgment of the frst habeas fling
is pending.2 Is the second fling a "second or successive"
habeas petition for purposes, or not? We granted cer-
tiorari to resolve that split. (2024).

2
The majority of Circuits to consider the issue have concluded that
applies to a second-in-time habeas fling as of the district court's
entry of fnal judgment related to the frst application, regardless of the
status of any appeal. See, e. g., Balbuena v. Sullivan, 980 F. 3d 619, 641 -- 
642 (CA9 2020); Phillips v. United States, 668 F. 3d 433, 435 -- 436 (CA7
2012); Ochoa v. Sirmons, 485 F. 3d 538, 540 -- 541 (CA10 2007) (per curiam);
Williams v. Norris, 461 F. 3d 999, 1003 -- 1004 (CA8 2006). The Second
Circuit, by contrast, has held that "so long as appellate proceedings follow-
ing the district court's dismissal of the initial petition remain pending
when a subsequent petition is fled, the subsequent petition does not come
within AEDPA's gatekeeping provisions for `second or successive' peti-
tions." Whab v. United States, 408 F. 3d 116, 118 (2005) ;
see also United States v. Santarelli, 929 F. 3d 95, 105 (CA3 2019) ("join-
[ing] the Second Circuit").
450 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

II
Habeas petitioners are generally entitled to "one fair op-
portunity" to litigate the merits of their postconviction
claims in federal court. Banister v. Davis, 
(2020); see also Slack v. McDaniel, -- 486
(2000); Stewart v. Martinez-Villareal, 
(1998). When a person seeks to bring a subsequent federal
habeas challenge to his detention, "the road gets rockier."
Banister, 590 U. S., at 509. AEDPA contains several sig-
nifcant procedural barriers that strictly limit a court's abil-
ity to hear "claim[s] presented" in any "second or successive
habeas corpus application." (1), (2).
Several of those barriers are relevant to the issue pre-
sented in this case. First, prohibits habeas applicants
from fling a subsequent petition that relitigates the merits
of previously denied claims. See (1) (stating that
any claim that "was presented in a prior application shall be
Page Proof Pending Publication
dismissed"). Second, even if the subsequent petition pre-
sents a new claim, the second-in-time application can only
proceed if it "falls within one of two narrow categories": The
claim must "rel[y] on a new and retroactive rule of constitu-
tional law" or "alleg[e] previously undiscoverable facts that
would establish [the petitioner's] innocence." Banister, 590
U. S., at 509; see also (2). Additionally, a petitioner
cannot bring a second or successive habeas application di-
rectly to the district court. Instead, he must frst go to the
court of appeals and make a "prima facie showing" that the
petition satisfes one of (2)'s exceptions, and that
court has to grant authorization for the petitioner to proceed
in district court. (3). And then, even when such
leave is granted, the district court must independently con-
firm that the petition satisfies the requirements of
(2). See (4).
These rules apply to second-in-time habeas flings even if
the fling is not styled as a habeas application by the
 Cite as: (2025) 451

Opinion of the Court

fler -- so long as the document is a petition in sub-
stance. For example, a self-styled "motion" that "seeks to
add a new ground for relief " or "attacks the federal court's
previous resolution of a claim on the merits" can be con-
strued as a second or successive petition and forced to face
the gauntlet of, no matter how it is labeled. Gon-
zalez v. Crosby, (2005) (emphasis deleted).
III
Respondent presents two arguments for why we lack ju-
risdiction over today's dispute about how Rivers's second-in-
time habeas fling should be characterized: frst, that Rivers
lacks standing because his injury is not redressable; and sec-
ond, that the Court lacks habeas jurisdiction because Riv-
ers's child-pornography sentence has expired. For his part,
Rivers makes two alternative arguments about the merits.
He maintains that the second-in-time habeas petition does
not trigger the second-or-successive requirements of
Page Proof Pending Publication
because his appeal of the frst petition was pending
when he fled the second one. Alternatively, he argues that
his second-in-time fling should be construed as a motion to
amend -- and, so construed, does not qualify as an "applica-
tion" to which 's requirements apply.

A
We begin our analysis by quickly disposing of respondent's
contention that we lack jurisdiction. Respondent frst in-
sists that Rivers lacks standing because the Fifth Circuit has
now affrmed the District Court's judgment denying the ini-
tial habeas petition on the merits, and this Court lacks the
authority to reopen that judgment in this separate litigation.
But a favorable decision from this Court would redress Riv-
ers's alleged injury -- namely, that the District Court inap-
propriately transferred his second-in-time habeas application
to the Fifth Circuit for review under. Rivers
452 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

therefore has appellate standing with respect to that legal
claim. See Food Marketing Institute v. Argus Leader
Media, (2019).
Respondent is also mistaken regarding the contention that
the Court lacks habeas jurisdiction because Rivers is no
longer in custody on the child-pornography conviction that
the second habeas fling challenges. See (permit-
ting an application from an individual "in custody"). The
record establishes that the newly discovered evidence Rivers
wants the federal courts to consider implicates the sexual-
abuse sentences for which Rivers remains incarcerated, too.
Thus, we retain habeas jurisdiction to review his claims.

B
1
Turning to the parties' merits arguments concerning Riv-
ers's second-in-time habeas fling, we note, to start, that the
Page Proof Pending Publication
phrase "second or successive... application" as it appears in
(2) is a "term of art" -- that is, it does not necessarily
" `refer' to all habeas flings made `second or successively in
time,' following an initial application." Banister, 590 U. S.,
at 511 ). Instead, the second-or-successive moniker applies
only to "claim[s]" that have been presented in subsequently
fled "applications." (2). A "claim," as that term
is used in, is "an asserted federal basis for relief "
from the judgment of conviction. Gonzalez, 545 U. S., at
530. And an "application" is "a fling that seeks `an adjudi-
cation' " of one of those claims " `on the merits.' " Ibid.
; em-
phasis deleted); see also Gonzalez, 545 U. S., at 533 (explain-
ing that motions that do not "substantively addres[s] federal
grounds for setting aside the movant's state conviction," for
example, are not subject to the second-or-successive bar).
Rivers acknowledges that his second-in-time fling "raised
several new claims" that he had not presented previously to
 Cite as: (2025) 453

Opinion of the Court

the District Court. Pet. for Cert. 12. Still, in his petition
for certiorari -- and, to a lesser extent, his merits brief -- Riv-
ers argues that this fling did not qualify as a second or suc-
cessive application triggering because it was sub-
mitted during the pendency of his appeal of the judgment
related to his frst habeas petition. Id., at 24; Brief for Peti-
tioner 37. We do not agree with that proposition. Our case
law establishes instead that whether a fling qualifes as a
second or successive application generally turns on the exist-
ence of a fnal judgment with respect to the frst petition,
not the status of an appeal.
We have noted, for example, that "an amended petition,
fled after the initial one but before judgment, is not second
or successive" for purposes precisely because fnal
judgment has not issued. Banister, 590 U. S., at 512 (em-
phasis added). On the other hand, we have determined that
a motion for relief from judgment under Federal Rule of
Page Proof Pending Publication
Civil Procedure 60(b) (fled, obviously, after the judgment
has issued) counts as a second or successive application if
that fling "attacks the federal court's previous resolution of
a claim on the merits" or "seeks to add a new ground for
relief " not addressed by the judgment. Gonzalez, 545 U. S.,
at 532 (emphasis deleted).
Pointing to Banister, Rivers insists that this Court has
already rejected a moment-of-judgment rule for distinguish-
ing between second-in-time flings that qualify as second or
successive applications and those that do not. But our rul-
ing in Banister related to a materially different fling sub-
mitted in a materially different context. There, the Court
considered whether a motion to alter or amend a judgment
under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 59(e) -- i.e., a motion
fled within 28 days that seeks to correct an error in the
District Court's judgment prior to an appeal -- should be con-
strued as a second or successive fling under. 590
U. S., at 511. To be sure, the respondent in that case had
"urged this Court to hold that `[e]ntry of fnal judgment is
454 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

the dividing line between a frst and second application,' "
as Rivers notes. Brief for Petitioner 37. But Rule 59(e) motions present
a unique variant to the otherwise generally applicable rule
that entry of fnal judgment separates frst from second or
successive habeas flings.
Specifcally, unlike a Rule 60(b) motion for relief from judg-
ment, which seeks to challenge an extant judgment, a suc-
cessful Rule 59(e) motion merely "suspends fnality" of the
original judgment so that the district court can "fx any mis-
takes and thereby perfect its judgment before a possible ap-
peal." Banister, 590 U. S., at 516. A Rule 59(e) motion is
"a limited continuation of the original proceeding -- indeed, a
part of producing the fnal judgment granting or denying
habeas relief." Id., at 521. As a result, disposition on a
Rule 59(e) motion "merges into the fnal judgment" of the
initial habeas fling. Id., at 516.
Page Proof Pending Publication
In other words, Rule 59(e) motions are "attendant on the
initial habeas application" itself and "hel[p] produce a single
fnal judgment for appeal." Id., at 515 -- 516. Thus, they are
not themselves properly considered to be second or suc-
cessive flings under AEDPA. Id., at 517; see also id., at
518 -- 520 (contrasting this with second-in-time flings that
"collaterally attack [the District Court's] already completed
judgment" and from which appeal is "independent of the ap-
peal of the original petition"). When properly understood,
then, our decision in Banister actually supports the rule that
Rivers resists.
2
Rivers also maintains that it undermines the purposes of
AEDPA, and diverges from historical habeas doctrine and
practice, to conclude that second-in-time applications fled
during the pendency of an appeal trigger. See id.,
at 512 -- 513 (explaining that these factors are relevant to the
second-or-successive inquiry). But purpose and history do
 Cite as: (2025) 455

Opinion of the Court

not push us in the direction of adopting Rivers's preferred
interpretation either.
As we have said before, "[t]he point of 's [gate-
keeping] restrictions... is to conserve judicial resources,
reduce piecemeal litigation, and lend fnality to state court
judgments within a reasonable time." Id., at 512 (internal
quotation marks and alterations omitted). Rivers argues
that his interpretation advances these aims by, for example,
steering new claims to district courts, which have the "tools
and experience that appellate courts lack" to terminate suits
and thereby "haste[n] fnality." Brief for Petitioner 34 (capi-
talization and boldface deleted). But the reality is quite the
opposite. If the second-or-successive line is drawn at the
end of the appellate-review period, a petitioner could fle any
number of new applications raising new claims during the
pendency of appeal or certiorari review, thereby prolonging
the case seemingly indefnitely. So, as a practical matter
Page Proof Pending Publication
and in the mine-run case, Rivers's theory would promote in-
effciency by encouraging piecemeal litigation, and would
thus make it substantially more diffcult to "produce a single
fnal judgment for appeal." Banister, 590 U. S., at 516.
Rivers tries to bolster his congressional-intent-related ar-
guments by pointing to other postconviction provisions that
pin "fnality" to the end of appellate review, not to the entry
of judgment. See, e.g., (1)(A) (running the 1-year
deadline to fle a petition from "the date on which the
judgment became fnal by the conclusion of direct review or
the expiration of the time for seeking such review"). We
note, however, that these provisions are buoyed by different
animating purposes. The 1-year deadline for fling a 
petition, for example, promotes exhaustion of claims and re-
spects state-court processes, whereas AEDPA's second-or-
successive restrictions "constitute a modifed res judicata
rule," Felker v. Turpin, (1996), that "bal-
ance[s]... fnality and error correction," Jones v. Hendrix,
(2023). "It is thus hardly `strange' that
456 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

rules governing exhaustion and the statute of limitations for
purposes of bringing an initial application differ from those
governing a successive application." Brief for Respondent
38. With AEDPA's second-or-successive bar, Congress
chose to promote fnality by requiring authorization from the
court of appeals to fle successive petitions; the question be-
fore us today is merely when that requirement kicks in.
Rivers's appeal to historical habeas doctrine fares no bet-
ter because, prior to AEDPA, there was no clear or consist-
ent practice regarding how new habeas-related flings were
treated during the pendency of an appeal. Some courts
would consider new habeas flings on the merits, and deny
them, when the frst-in-time habeas petition was under ap-
pellate review.3 But others would dismiss such flings with-
out reaching the merits, on the ground that they were second
or successive petitions not subject to review.4 It is diffcult
to know what to make of these inconsistent practices, espe-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cially when Rivers fails to point to any case in which a court
actually granted habeas relief on a subsequent petition while
the frst was on appeal. The historical picture is thus far
too murky to be dispositive. Cf. Banister, 590 U. S., at 514 -- 
515 (relying on historical case law that indicated an over-
whelming consensus in favor of the petitioner's view). As
such, Rivers's history and policy arguments do not move the
needle in our analysis.
In short, we reject Rivers's focus on the timing of his suc-
cessive fling relative to the pendency of his appeal, and we
conclude instead that it is the fnal judgment related to the

3
See, e. g., Giarratano v. Procunier, 891 F. 2d 483, 485 -- 487 (CA4 1989)
(affrming the denial of a mid-appeal Rule 60(b) motion on the merits);
Schewchun v. Edwards, 1987 WL 36402, *1 -- *2 (CA6, Feb. 19, 1987) (same).
4
See, e. g., Behringer v. Johnson, 75 F. 3d 189, 189 -- 190 (CA5 1996)
(per curiam) (affrming denial of a Rule 60(b) motion containing new
claims fled while the frst petition was pending on appeal as a successive
habeas petition); Hunt v. Nuth, 57 F. 3d 1327, 1331, 1338 -- 1339 (CA4
1995) (same).
 Cite as: (2025) 457

Opinion of the Court

initial habeas fling that matters. Once the judgment has
been entered with respect to the initial habeas petition, a
second-in-time fling that makes new habeas claims generally
qualifes as a second or successive petition for 
purposes.5
IV
Rivers's petition for certiorari posited the question we've
answered above. See Pet. for Cert. 1 (asking "whether 28
U. S. C. (2)'s rules for `second or successive' habeas
petitions apply to a habeas fling made after the district
court has denied an initial petition but before an appellate
court has weighed in").6 But Rivers's merits briefng pivots
to articulate an additional theory, in the alternative: that
second-in-time flings that request amendment of the initial
habeas petition under Rule 15 of the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure do not -- by their nature -- qualify as second or suc-
cessive flings under. See Brief for Petitioner 23
Page Proof Pending Publication
("[A]n `amendment' is not a new and independent application,
but rather something that happens to an existing applica-
tion"); see also id., at 31 (describing Rule 15 motions as "part
and parcel of the initial application" (boldface deleted)). We
decline to address this argument today for two reasons.
First, Rivers failed to present this argument in his petition
for certiorari or to the courts below. This new theory for
5
Although we hold today that an application is second or successive
under if a judgment on the merits has issued as to a frst-in-time
petition even if the case remains pending on appeal, we neither decide nor
comment on whether the classifcation of a second-in-time petition must
occur while the appeal is pending. That is, we take no position on
whether, in a case where the facts support doing so, a subsequent fling
can be held in abeyance until the frst-in-time appeal has concluded, as is
the common practice in some Circuits. See, e.g., Santarelli, 929 F. 3d, at
105 -- 106.
6
See also Pet. for Cert. 2 (claiming that "[t]he Fifth Circuit's decision
deepen[ed] a circuit confict over when (2) kicks in"); id., at 24
("Section 2244(b)(2) does not apply until appellate review of the frst ha-
beas application is exhausted" (boldface deleted)).
458 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

why his successive fling does not trigger does not
operate on the timing of the fling (i.e., whether, when an
appeal is pending, the fling is "second or successive"), but,
rather, on its nature (i.e., whether, when submitted under
Rule 15, the fling counts as an "application" at all). Rivers
did not cite -- the source of authority upon which he
relies for this alternative argument -- until his opening mer-
its brief in this Court. We have often said that " `[w]e are a
Court of review, not of frst view.' " Moody v. NetChoice,
LLC, (2024) ). Rivers's alternative argu-
ment thus "suffers from the legally fatal problem that it
makes its frst appearance here in this Court in the briefs on
the merits." Ohio Forestry Assn., Inc. v. Sierra Club, (1998).
Second, and in any event, we note that the factual predi-
cate necessary for Rivers's Rule 15 argument to help him
Page Proof Pending Publication
in this case is lacking. The District Court could not have
granted Rivers's Rule 15 motion to amend (assuming, ar-
guendo, that we treat his second-in-time fling as such)
while his habeas claims were being considered on appeal,
since jurisdiction had shifted to the Court of Appeals. See
Coinbase, Inc. v. Bielski, (2023). Recog-
nizing this, Rivers asserts that the District Court could have
issued an indicative ruling on this motion under Rule 62.1,
which, in turn, might have persuaded the Fifth Circuit to
remand the case to the District Court for consideration of
the amendment. But there is one more missing piece (and
it is crucial): Rivers never asked the District Court in this
case for such an indicative ruling. Nor does he argue that
the District Court abused its discretion by failing to issue
one sua sponte. Meanwhile, the Fifth Circuit considered -- 
and denied -- the actual remand motion that Rivers fled with
that court; he asked the Circuit to send the matter back to
the District Court for consideration of the newly discovered
 Cite as: (2025) 459

Opinion of the Court

evidence, and we now lack jurisdiction to review its refusal
to do so.7
Thus, even if Rivers's fling in the District Court could
have been construed as a Rule 15 motion to amend, the Dis-
trict Court was powerless to grant it while his case was on
appeal, and the Fifth Circuit had no proclivity to remand the
matter to the District Court in any event. This means that
Rivers's alternative theory is of no use to him, and, as such,
we decline to address it.

* * *
A second-in-time petition generally qualifes as a
second or successive application, triggering the require-
ments of, when an earlier fled petition has been
decided on the merits and a judgment exists. Because the
Fifth Circuit correctly applied this straightforward rule, we
affrm.
It is so ordered.
Page Proof Pending Publication

7
That Fifth Circuit ruling was associated with Rivers's frst habeas peti-
tion and is memorialized in a separate docket than the case which is now
on appeal. See App. 9 -- 12. We denied certiorari on April 3, 2023. See
Rivers v. Lumpkin,.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 453, line 16 from bottom: "the" is changed to "a"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 1
Pages 419 -- 460

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 26, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 419

Syllabus

HEWITT v. UNITED STATES
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 1002. Argued January 13, 2025 -- Decided June 26, 2025*
Before the First Step Act was enacted in 2018, federal judges were re-
quired to sentence frst-time offenders convicted of violating 18 U. S. C.
-- a law that criminalizes possessing a frearm while committing
other crimes -- to "stacked" 25-year periods of incarceration. The First
Step Act eliminated this harsh mandatory minimum penalty. Section
403(b) of the Act also made its more lenient penalties partially retroac-
tive. Specifcally, if a sentence "has not been imposed" upon an eligible
offender as of the date of the First Step Act's enactment, the
Act applies. The question presented here concerns an edge case: What
penalties apply when a offender had been sentenced as of the
Act's enactment, but that sentence was subsequently vacated, such that
the offender must face a post-Act resentencing?
In 2009, petitioners Tony Hewitt, Corey Duffey, and Jarvis Ross were
Page Proof Pending Publication
convicted of multiple counts of bank robbery and conspiracy to commit
bank robbery, along with corresponding offenses for use of a
frearm during a crime of violence. Each petitioner received a manda-
tory 5-year sentence for his frst count of conviction and, despite
being frst-time offenders, each received 25-year mandatory sentences
on every count beyond his frst. Thus, each petitioner's sen-
tence exceeded 325 years. Petitioners successfully challenged some of
their convictions on direct appeal, and the Fifth Circuit vacated petition-
ers' sentences. In 2012, the District Court resentenced each petitioner
to between 285 and 305 years on the counts that remained.
In 2019, the Court held that the "crime of violence" defnition the
Government routinely used to support some convictions was un-
constitutionally vague. See United States v. Davis,.
Because that holding potentially affected some of petitioners' remaining
convictions, the Fifth Circuit granted petitioners authorization to fle a
second or successive postconviction motion. The District Court then
vacated the impacted convictions, as well as petitioners' sen-
tences. When the District Court held resentencings for the remaining
convictions, petitioners argued that the First Step Act's 5-year -- not 25-
year -- mandatory minimum penalties applied. Petitioners argued they

*Together with No. 23 -- 1150, Duffey et al. v. United States, also on cer-
tiorari to the same court.
420 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

were entitled to retroactive application of the Act's more lenient penal-
ties because a vacated prior sentence is not a sentence that "has...
been imposed" for purposes of. The District Court disagreed
and resentenced petitioners under the pre-Act sentencing scheme, giv-
ing them stacked 25-year mandatory minimums for each count
of conviction beyond their frst. Petitioners thus each received sen-
tences of 130 years or more.
On appeal, petitioners and the Government agreed that the First Step
Act should have applied at petitioners' resentencings. The Fifth Cir-
cuit denied their joint request for vacatur. In that court's view, 
applies only "to defendants for whom `a sentence... ha[d] not been
imposed' as of the enactment date." 92 F. 4th 304, 310. Because each
petitioner had been sentenced (twice) prior to the Act's enactment, the
panel concluded that petitioners were not eligible for the First Step
Act's more lenient mandatory minimums.
Held: The judgment is reversed, and the cases are remanded.
92 F. 4th 304, reversed and remanded.
Justice Jackson delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
Parts I, II, and III, concluding that under of the First Step Act,
a sentence "has... been imposed" for purposes of that provision if, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
only if, the sentence is extant -- i. e., has not been vacated. Thus, the
Act's more lenient penalties apply to defendants whose previous 
sentences have been vacated and who need to be resentenced following
the Act's enactment. Pp. 427 -- 433.
(a) The text of and the nature of vacatur support this conclu-
sion. Congress employed the present-perfect tense, requiring evalua-
tion of whether "a sentence... has... been imposed" upon the defend-
ant, rather than the past-perfect tense that would exclude anyone
upon whom a sentence "had" been imposed. The present-perfect
tense can refer to "an act, state, or condition that is now completed" or
"a past action that comes up to and touches the present" and thus con-
veys that the event in question continues to be true or valid. The Chi-
cago Manual of Style.132, p. 268. When used in either sense, the
present-perfect tense addresses whether something has continuing rele-
vance to the present, not merely whether it occurred as a historical
fact. If an event is merely a relic of history because it was voided by
a subsequent action, the past-perfect (not the present-perfect) tense is
usually the more appropriate verb choice. The fact that adjacent
provisions of contain past-tense verbs only strengthens the conclu-
sion that 's use of the present-perfect tense is meaningful.
Pp. 427 -- 431.
 Cite as: (2025) 421

Syllabus

(b) Background principles regarding the legal effect of vacatur con-
frm that a sentence has been imposed for purposes only so long
as it remains valid. When interpreting statutes, the Court recognizes
that Congress legislates against the backdrop of certain unexpressed
presumptions. One such presumption is that vacated court orders are
void ab initio and thus lack any prospective legal effect. A criminal
defendant whose conviction has been vacated, for example, is to be
treated going forward as though he were never convicted. By opera-
tion of legal fction, the law acts as though the previous conviction never
occurred. Section 403(b) refects this commonsense understanding of
background vacatur principles. Just as defendants with vacated prior
felony convictions are not precluded from possessing weapons under the
federal felon-in-possession ban, retroactivity does not exclude
from its scope those whose prior sentences were vacated. By authoriz-
ing retroactive application of the First Step Act's more lenient penalties
on any eligible offender upon whom "a sentence... has not been
imposed," the text of indicates that only past sentences with
continued validity preclude application of the Act's new penalties.
Pp. 431 -- 433.

Page
II, and III, inProof Pending Publication
Jackson, J., delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to Parts I,
which Roberts, C. J., and Sotomayor, Kagan, and Gor-
such, JJ., joined, and an opinion with respect to Parts IV and V, in which
Sotomayor and Kagan, JJ., joined. Alito, J., fled a dissenting opinion,
in which Thomas, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ., joined, post, p. 440.

Michael B. Kimberly argued the cause for petitioners in
both cases. With him on the briefs for petitioner Hewitt
were Paul W. Hughes, Sarah P. Hogarth, Andrew A. Lyons-
Berg, Charles Seidell, Eugene R. Fidell, and Charles A.
Rothfeld. Jo-Ann Tamila Sagar, Neal Kumar Katyal, Mi-
chael J. West, Dana A. Raphael, Vivek Jampala, John Tor-
rey Hunter, and Kevin B. Ross fled briefs for petitioner Duf-
fey et al.
Masha G. Hansford argued the cause for the United States
in both cases as respondent in support of petitioners. With
her on the briefs were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal
Deputy Assistant Attorney General Argentieri, Deputy So-
licitor General Feigin, and Andrew C. Noll.
422 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Michael H. McGinley, by invitation of the Court, argued the cause and fled a brief as amicus curiae in
support of the judgment below. With him on the
brief were Steven A. Engel, M. Scott Proctor, and Brian
A. Kulp.†
Justice Jackson delivered the opinion of the Court, ex-
cept as to Parts IV and V.‡
Before the First Step Act was enacted in 2018, federal
judges were required to sentence certain frst-time offenders
convicted of violating 18 U. S. C. -- a law that crimi-
nalizes the possession of a frearm while committing other
crimes -- to "stacked" 25-year periods of incarceration. The
First Step Act, 132 Stat. 5194, eliminated this harsh manda-
tory minimum penalty. Congress also made the Act's more
lenient penalties partially retroactive. Section 403(b) speci-
fes that the Act applies if a sentence "has not been imposed"

Page Proof Pending Publication
upon an eligible offender as of the date of the First
Step Act's enactment. Id., at 5222.
The question presented here concerns an edge case: What
penalties apply when a offender had been sentenced

†Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the District of
Columbia et al. by Brian L. Schwalb, Attorney General of the District
of Columbia, Caroline S. Van Zile, Solicitor General, Ashwin P. Phatak,
Principal Deputy Solicitor General, and Sean Frazzette, Assistant Attor-
ney General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective States as
follows: Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M.
Frey of Maine, Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Andrea J. Campbell of
Massachusetts, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Aaron D. Ford of Nevada,
Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Letitia James of New York, Ellen F.
Rosenblum of Oregon, and Charity R. Clark of Vermont; for the American
Civil Liberties Union et al. by Kevin Poloncarz, Barbara E. Bergman,
Clark M. Neily III, Shana-Tara O'Toole, David D. Cole, Mary Price,
Emma Andersson, Nathan Freed Wessler, Yasmin Cader, and Cecillia D.
Wang; and for Sen. Richard J. Durbin et al. by Brent J. Gurney.
‡The Chief Justice and Justice Gorsuch join all but Parts IV and
V of this opinion.
 Cite as: (2025) 423

Opinion of the Court

as of the Act's enactment, but that sentence was subse-
quently vacated, such that the offender must face a post-
Act resentencing? We hold that, under that circumstance, a
sentence "has not been imposed" for purposes of.
Thus, the First Step Act's more lenient penalties apply.

I
Title 18 U. S. C. criminalizes the use or possession
of a frearm during and in relation to a crime of violence
or drug-traffcking offense. The statute prescribes a 5-year
mandatory minimum penalty for any first-time offense,
which must run consecutively to any other term of imprison-
ment. (1)(A)(i), (c)(1)(D)(ii). Before the First Step
Act, also contained a recidivism enhancement that
required imposition of an additional 25 years of imprison-
ment (on top of the 5-year mandatory minimum) for any
"second or subsequent conviction under this subsection."
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1)(C)(i) (2006 ed.).
In Deal v. United States, (1993), this Court
interpreted that recidivism-related language to require an
enhanced penalty for each and every count of convic-
tion beyond a defendant's frst -- even if those convictions
were part of the same criminal prosecution. Id., at 132 -- 137.
As a result, a frst-time offender convicted of two 
counts would receive a mandatory 25-year sentence on the
second count, "stacked" upon (i. e., running consecutively to)
the frst count's mandatory 5-year sentence, for a total of 30
years of imprisonment.1 And each additional count
would add another 25 years to that defendant's total term of
incarceration. See id., at 131 -- 132. Under this "stacking"
interpretation of 's recidivism enhancement, sen-
1
When this Court decided Deal in 1993, the enhanced mandatory mini-
mum penalty under was 20 years. See 18 U. S. C. (1988
ed.). Congress increased the mandatory minimum to 25 years in 1998.
See (1994 ed., Supp. IV); 112 Stat. 3469.
424 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

tences for offenses ballooned rapidly to span decades
or even centuries.
On December 21, 2018, a supermajority of Congress
enacted the First Step Act, a landmark piece of legislation
that changed the federal criminal-sentencing system in nu-
merous respects. See 132 Stat. 5194. Among other things,
of the First Step Act "clarif[ed]" that district court
judges are not required to impose stacked 25-year sentences
when sentencing frst-time offenders. Id., at 5221 -- 
5222 (capitalization deleted). Abrogating this Court's deci-
sion in Deal, the statute established instead that, for frst-
time offenders, 5-year mandatory minimums apply to each
count of conviction.
The First Step Act also addressed the potential for retro-
active application of this penalty reduction, by specifcally
identifying the offenders to whom the Act applied.
Ordinarily, because judges impose sentences based on the

Page Proof Pending Publication
statutory penalties that exist at the time defendants commit
their offenses, 1 U. S. C., statutory changes to federal
penalties only beneft future offenders. But Congress al-
tered this default no-retroactivity rule in the Act itself.
Section 403(b) -- titled "Applicability to Pending
Cases" -- made 's reduced penalties applicable to cer-
tain existing offenders, as follows:
"This section, and the amendments made by this section,
shall apply to any offense that was committed before the
date of enactment of this Act, if a sentence for the of-
fense has not been imposed as of such date of enact-
ment.", 132 Stat. 5222.

II
In 2009, petitioners Tony Hewitt, Corey Duffey, and Jarvis
Ross were convicted of multiple counts of bank robbery and
conspiracy to commit bank robbery, along with correspond-
ing offenses for use of a frearm during a crime of
 Cite as: (2025) 425

Opinion of the Court

violence. Each petitioner received a mandatory 5-year sen-
tence as to their frst count of conviction. And, de-
spite being frst-time offenders, each received 25-year man-
datory sentences on every count beyond their frst.
Thus, in total, each petitioner's sentence exceeded 325 years.
Roughly 25 of those years were due to the robbery offenses
themselves, while the rest were attributable to stacked
counts.
Petitioners successfully challenged some of their convic-
tions on direct appeal, and the Fifth Circuit accordingly va-
cated petitioners' sentences.2 In 2012, the District Court
resentenced each petitioner to between 285 and 305 years on
the counts that remained -- sentences that the Fifth Circuit
affrmed on direct review. Petitioners also fled postconvic-
tion motions under 28 U. S. C., which were each
denied.
After Congress passed the First Step Act in 2018, this

Page Proof Pending Publication
Court held that the "crime of violence" defnition the Gov-
ernment routinely used to support some convictions
was unconstitutionally vague. See United States v. Davis,
(2019). Because that holding potentially
affected some of petitioners' remaining convictions, the Fifth
Circuit granted petitioners authorization to fle a second or
successive postconviction motion under 28 U. S. C..
The District Court then vacated the impacted convic-
tions, as well as petitioners' sentences.
When the District Court held resentencings for the re-
maining convictions, petitioners argued that the First Step
Act's 5-year -- not 25-year -- mandatory minimum penalties
applied. Petitioners argued that they were entitled to ret-
roactive application of the First Step Act's more lenient pen-

2
Petitioners were initially convicted of attempted bank robbery, too.
Those convictions -- along with the corresponding counts -- were
vacated following petitioners' successful challenges on direct appeal. See
United States v. Duffey, 456 Fed. Appx. 434, 444 -- 445 (CA5 2012).
426 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

alties because a vacated prior sentence is not a sentence that
"has... been imposed" for purposes of.3 The Dis-
trict Court disagreed and resentenced petitioners under the
pre-Act sentencing scheme, giving them stacked 25-year
mandatory minimum sentences for each count of con-
viction beyond their frst. Petitioners thus each received
sentences of 130 years or more -- 105 years of which were
attributable to stacked penalties.
On appeal, petitioners and the Government agreed that
the First Step Act should have applied at petitioners' resen-
tencings. The parties thus jointly requested vacatur of peti-
tioners' sentences, which the Fifth Circuit denied. 92 F. 4th
304, 310 (2024) (case below). In that court's view, 
applies only "to defendants for whom `a sentence... ha[d]
not been imposed' as of the enactment date." Ibid. (alter-
ation in original). Because each petitioner had been sen-
tenced (twice) prior to the Act's enactment, the panel con-

Page Proof Pending Publication
cluded that petitioners were not eligible for the First Step
Act's more lenient mandatory minimums.
We granted certiorari to decide whether of the
First Step Act confers the beneft of the Act's more lenient
penalties to defendants facing post-Act resentencing follow-
ing vacatur of their pre-Act sentence. (2024).4
3
During Duffey's and Ross's resentencings before the District Court,
the Government maintained that petitioners were ineligible for First Step
Act relief. But, by the time of Hewitt's resentencing, the Government
had changed its position; it supported Hewitt's request for resentencing
under the Act.
4
The Courts of Appeals have divided over whether offenders who were
sentenced pre-Act, but whose sentences were later vacated, are eligible to
receive First Step Act benefts at their post-Act resentencing. Compare
United States v. Merrell, 37 F. 4th 571, 577 -- 578 (CA9 2022) (holding that,
under, such an offender benefts from the Act at resentencing),
and United States v. Mitchell, 38 F. 4th 382, 386 -- 389 (CA3 2022) (same),
with United States v. Jackson, 995 F. 3d 522, 525 -- 526 (CA6 2021) (holding
that such an offender does not beneft from the Act at resentencing, if the
prior sentence was vacated after the Act's enactment); see also United
States v. Uriarte, 975 F. 3d 596, 601 -- 602, and (CA7 2020) (en banc)
 Cite as: (2025) 427

Opinion of the Court

Because the United States agrees with petitioners on the
merits of their appeals, the Court appointed Michael H. Mc-
Ginley as amicus curiae to defend the judgment below. (2024). He has ably discharged his responsibilities.
III
The Fifth Circuit held, and amicus and the dissent con-
tend, that excludes any defendant who was sen-
tenced prior to the enactment date of the First Step Act -- 
even if his sentence was later vacated. That is so, in their
view, because the Act applies only "if a sentence for the of-
fense has not been imposed as of " the Act's enactment date,
and a sentence "has... been imposed" upon that defendant
as a matter of historical fact. 132 Stat. 5222. But based on the text of and the nature of
vacatur, we conclude that a sentence has been imposed for
purposes of that provision if, and only if, the sentence is ex-

Page Proof Pending Publication
tant -- i. e., has not been vacated.
A
To understand why this is so, focus frst on the language
Congress used. Most notably, the operative phrase is not
written in the past-perfect tense, excluding anyone upon
whom a sentence "had" been imposed. Rather, Congress
employed the present-perfect tense -- thereby requiring eval-
uation of whether "a sentence... has... been imposed"
upon the defendant., 132 Stat. 5222. In this context, that distinction makes a difference.
See United States v. Wilson, (1992) ("Con-
gress' use of a verb tense is signifcant in construing
statutes").
The present-perfect tense can refer to either (1) "an act,
state, or condition that is now completed" or (2) "a past ac-

(holding that such an offender benefts from the Act if his sentence was
vacated prior to the Act's enactment date, but reserving judgment as to
postenactment vacatur).
428 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

tion that comes up to and touches the present." The Chi-
cago Manual of Style.132, p. 268 (17th ed. 2017). But when used in either sense, the tense simultane-
ously "involves reference to both past and present." R.
Huddleston & G. Pullum, The Cambridge Grammar of the
English Language 143 (2002). That is, while "the primary
focus is on the present," the past maintains " `current rele-
vance.' " Ibid. (confrming that the present-perfect tense
addresses "a time-span beginning in the past and extending
up to now").5 Thus, one might employ the present-perfect
tense to describe situations "involv[ing] a specifc change of
state" that produces a "continuing result." Id., at 145 (bold-
face deleted).
Here is an example. Suppose the U. S. Olympic Commit-
tee enacted a rule stating that athletes may call themselves
Olympic champions if a gold medal "has been awarded" to
them. Pursuant to that rule, a U. S. sprinter who took frst

Page Proof Pending Publication
place in the 2016 Summer Olympics' 100-meter fnals could
validly proclaim -- today -- that she is "an Olympic champion."
The existence of her win as a historical event triggers the
rule's proper application, because it gives rise to the infer-
ence that the athlete remains an Olympic gold medalist at
present, thereby justifying her continued use of the "Olympic
champion" title. See ibid. (explaining that the relevant
"connection with the present" here would be "that the resul-
tant state still obtains now").

5
A primary faw of the dissent's textual argument is its failure to ap-
preciate that, under either meaning of the present perfect, the event in
question must relate to now. In other words, while the dissent accurately
observes that the present-perfect tense can be used in one of two ways,
see post, at 443 (opinion of Alito, J.), it ignores that neither refers to
circumstances that are wholly in the past. What makes this the present-
perfect tense is that, in each of its manifestations, there exists a connec-
tion to the present. See Huddleston, Cambridge Grammar of the English
Language, at 143 (confrming that references "to times wholly before
now" -- when the present "is explicitly or implicitly excluded" -- are largely
"incompatible with the present perfect").
 Cite as: (2025) 429

Opinion of the Court

But now imagine that the Olympic Committee stripped
this sprinter of her medal after discovering that she used
performance-enhancing drugs during the competition. Can
that athlete, under the rule, still call herself an Olympic
champion? The answer is no. Yes, she had been awarded
such a medal, but it was revoked; the fact that she stood on
the podium and was declared the winner in 2016 is inapposite
for purposes of establishing whether she qualifies for
Olympic-champion bragging rights under the rule today.6
When used in this way, the present-perfect tense conveys
to a listener that the event in question continues to be true
or valid. The dissent counters that, for purposes of the
First Step Act, the relevant moment of analysis should not
be the present, but rather the statute's date of enactment.
See post, at 444. But that reframing is inconsistent with
normal understandings of the present-perfect tense, which
by defnition focuses on the present.7 Today, if an event is
Page Proof Pending Publication
merely a relic of history because it was voided by a subse-
quent action, the past-perfect (not the present-perfect) tense

6
The dissent does not dispute that a sprinter who is divested of her gold
medal no longer qualifes as an "Olympic champion" under the hypothetical
rule. Nor does the dissent contest that, if the Committee wanted such a
disqualifed sprinter to be able to still claim the title, it could phrase the
rule in the past-perfect tense to accomplish that result (i. e., bestowing
the honorifc if a gold medal "had been awarded" to the athlete). The
dissent's primary response to this hypothetical is, instead, to zero in on
"[t]he obvious purpose of the hypothetical rule" and to explain that "the
meaning of language is heavily dependent on context." Post, at 449,.
Part IV of this opinion fully addresses the context of 's language
and Congress's primary objectives for enacting that provision -- both of
which support the Court's conclusion in these cases.
7
And, notably, there is a relevant connection to the present in the opera-
tion of despite that statute's express reference to the date of the
Act's enactment: the current occasion of the sentencing of the defendant
in question. Sentencing courts read statutes at the moment of their appli-
cation -- which, here, would be the moment of resentencing, not the mo-
ment of enactment. From that proper vantage point, petitioners were
not subject to a sentence, as any previous sentence had been vacated.
430 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

would usually be the more appropriate verb choice. See B.
Garner, Modern English Usage 1082 (5th ed. 2022) (explain-
ing that the past-perfect tense "represents an action as com-
pleted at some defnite time in the past -- that is, before some
other past time referred to"); Chicago Manual of Style.133, at 268 (confrming that the past perfect "refers to an
act, state, or condition that was completed before another
specifed or implicit past time or past action"). Our disquali-
fed sprinter could thus still boast of her Olympic-champion
status if the rule were, instead, that any athlete who
"had been awarded" a gold medal was entitled to use that
honorifc.
The fact that adjacent provisions of contain past-
tense verbs only strengthens the conclusion that 's
use of the present-perfect tense is meaningful. Cf. Barrett
v. United States, (1976) (emphasizing when
Congress "used the present perfect tense... in contrast to
Page Proof Pending Publication
its use of the present tense" elsewhere in the statute). Sec-
tion 404(c), for example, utilizes the simple past tense to ad-
dress a defendant's prior sentencing. See 132 Stat. 5222
("No court shall entertain a motion made under this section
to reduce a sentence if the sentence was previously imposed
or previously reduced in accordance with" the relevant
amendments ). The past tense also fea-
tures earlier in itself. See ibid. (covering "any of-
fense that was committed before the date of enactment of
[the] Act" ). But the verb tense at issue
here ("has been") is conspicuously different -- making only
clearer that a past sentence must have a relevant connection
to the present for purposes of the retroactivity provision.
Indeed, amicus and the dissent's historical-fact reading of
calls so naturally for the past-perfect tense that ju-
rists who share this view often employ that tense by default.
The Fifth Circuit below, for instance, stated that "the First
Step Act applies to defendants for whom `a sentence... ha[d]
not been imposed' as of the enactment date." 92 F. 4th, at
 Cite as: (2025) 431

Opinion of the Court

310. Other courts have construed
similarly. See, e. g., United States v. Jackson, 995
F. 3d 522, 525 (CA6 2021) (noting that "as of December 21,
2018, a sentence had been imposed" upon the defendant, even
though it was later vacated). Congress of course "could
have phrased its requirement in language that looked to the
past..., but it did not choose this readily available option."
Gwaltney of Smithfeld, Ltd. v. Chesapeake Bay Founda-
tion, Inc., (1987). The natural inference,
then, is that Congress meant what it said, and, thus, that
covers only past sentences with continued legal va-
lidity, not those that have been vacated.

B
Background principles regarding the legal effect of vaca-
tur confrm that a sentence has been imposed for 
purposes only so long as it remains valid. When interpret-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing statutes, we "recogniz[e] that `Congress legislates
against the backdrop' of certain unexpressed presump-
tions." Bond v. United States, (2014)
). One such presumption is that vacated court or-
ders are void ab initio and thus lack any prospective legal
effect. See United States v. Ayres, 9 Wall. 608, 610 (1870)
("[V]acating the former judgment... render[s] it null and
void, and the parties are left in the same situation as if no
trial had ever taken place in the cause"). By operation of
legal fction, the law acts as though the vacated order never
occurred.
A criminal defendant whose judgment of conviction has
been vacated, for example, is to be treated going forward
as though he were never convicted. See Fiswick v. United
States, (1946) (confrming that one whose
conviction is vacated "stand[s] in the position of any [person]
who has been accused of a crime but not yet shown to have
committed it"). Thus, if Congress were to pass a stimulus
432 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

provision that gives checks to any small-business owner who
"has not been convicted of fraud," an owner would not be
rendered ineligible on the basis of a fraud conviction that
was overturned on appeal. While the owner had been con-
victed of fraud, that judgment was invalidated and therefore
became legally inoperable. In other words, that vacated
conviction is subsequently treated as no conviction at all.
See North Carolina v. Pearce, (1969) (veri-
fying that vacatur causes a conviction to be "wholly nullifed
and the slate wiped clean").8
Section 403(b) refects this "common-sense" understanding
of background vacatur principles. Lewis v. United States, (1980). Just as defendants with vacated
prior felony convictions are not precluded from possessing
weapons under the federal felon-in-possession ban, 
retroactivity does not exclude from its ambit those whose

Page Proof Pending Publication
prior sentences have been vacated. See ibid.; 18 U. S. C.
(1); see also Pepper v. United States, (2011) (explaining that vacatur of a criminal sentence
"wipe[s] the slate clean").

8
The dissent erroneously suggests that, under our precedents, a vacated
sentence continues to exist as a historical fact and thus retains prospective
legal effect. See post, at 451 -- 453. But the cases it cites do not support
that contention. In Lewis v. United States, (1980), for exam-
ple, we considered whether the invalidity of one's predicate felony convic-
tion precludes conviction as a felon in possession of a weapon under federal
law. Id., at 58. We concluded the federal conviction could stand when
the defendant's prior felony conviction had "never been overturned" -- i. e.,
vacated -- at the time he possessed the weapon. Id., at 57. But we dis-
missed as "extreme" arguments suggesting that a vacated conviction could
have such prospective legal effect. Id., at 61, (confrming the "common-
sense" notion that "a disability based upon one's status as a convicted
felon" ceases as a matter of law as soon as "the conviction upon which that
status depends has been vacated"). Bravo-Fernandez v. United States,
(2016), is similarly unhelpful. That case concerned issue pre-
clusion and jury fndings and does not stand for the proposition that a
vacated order itself retains continuing legal effect in the relevant sense.
 Cite as: (2025) 433

Opinion of Jackson, J.

By authorizing retroactive application of the First Step
Act's more lenient penalties on any eligible offender upon
whom "a sentence... has not been imposed," the text of
indicates that only past sentences with continued va-
lidity preclude application of the Act's new penalties. A
judge would thus correctly conclude at resentencing that, if
an offender's past sentence has been vacated, a sentence "has
not been imposed" upon that offender for purposes of the
First Step Act; hence, the court can impose a new sentence
today.
IV
A
The context and enactment history of the First Step Act
and further demonstrate that Congress's choice of
the present-perfect tense was not accidental. Rather, Con-
gress was reacting to sustained criticism of the prior sen-
tencing scheme, and with, it intended to execute a
Page Proof Pending Publication
clean break from the controversial and heavily contested
"stacking" practice.
Sentencing judges had been among the harshest critics.
Before the First Step Act was enacted, more than one vet-
eran District Court Judge decried how the "stacking" pun-
ishment for frst-time offenders was "grossly dispro-
portionate" and "shockingly harsh given the nature" of the
offenses and a defendant's "lack of criminal history."
United States v. Washington, 301 F. Supp. 2d 1306, 1309 (MD
Ala. 2004) (lamenting the requirement of a 40-year term of
imprisonment for a 22-year-old frst-time offender, and re-
marking that it was "the worst and most unconscionable sen-
tence [the judge] ha[d] given in his 23 years on the federal
bench").9 Judges on the Federal Courts of Appeals also
9
See also, e. g., United States v. Holloway, 68 F. Supp. 3d 310, 312
(EDNY 2014) (noting that stacking "produce[d] sentences that
would be laughable if only there weren't real people on the receiving end
of them"); United States v. Angelos, 345 F. Supp. 2d 1227, 1244 -- 1245, 1248
(Utah 2004) (assailing being required to give a 24-year-old who had pos-
434 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Jackson, J.

"join[ed] in the litany of criticisms directed towards"
's penalty regime for requiring the imposition of sen-
tences that were " `out of this world.' " United States v.
Hunter, 770 F. 3d 740, 746 -- 747 (CA8 2014) (Bright, J., concur-
ring); see also United States v. Hungerford, 465 F. 3d 1113,
1118 -- 1119 (CA9 2006) (Reinhardt, J., concurring in judg-
ment) (deeming "irrational, inhumane, and absurd" the man-
datory 159-year sentence imposed upon "a 52 year-old men-
tally disturbed woman with no prior criminal record" who
had otherwise "led a spotless, law-abiding existence");
United States v. Smith, 756 F. 3d 1179, 1181 (CA10 2014)
(Gorsuch, J.) (observing that it was "no fanciful possibility"
that stacking would lead to "prison term[s] of many
decades" that were "certain to outlast the defendant's life
and the lives of every person now walking the planet").
Meanwhile, other institutional stakeholders raised simi-
larly pointed objections to Deal's stacking system. In its
Page Proof Pending Publication
annual report to Congress, the United States Sentencing
Commission criticized how stacking had "result[ed]
in excessively severe and unjust sentences," particularly in
cases in which "the offense did not involve any physical harm
or threat of physical harm to a person." U. S. Sentencing
Commission, Report to the Congress: Mandatory Minimum
Penalties in the Federal Criminal Justice System 359 (Oct.
2011). The United States Judicial Conference expressed
similar concerns.10

sessed weapons while dealing small amounts of marijuana "more than dou-
bl[e]" the sentence recommended for crimes resulting in "actual violence
to victims," such as "hijack[ing]" an airplane, "detonat[ing] a bomb in a
public place," or committing "rap[e]" or "second-degree murde[r]").
10
See, e. g., Hearing before the Over-Criminalization Task Force of 2014
of the House Committee on the Judiciary, 113th Cong., 2d Sess., 41 (2014)
(testimony of the Hon. Irene Keeley, U. S. District Judge, Judicial Confer-
ence of the U. S.) (explaining that stacking produced "particularly
egregious" sentences for frst-time offenders that ran "contrary to the in-
terests of justice" and "undermine[d] confdence" in its administration).
 Cite as: (2025) 435

Opinion of Jackson, J.

The problem, as all seemed to recognize, was not that fed-
eral law permitted judges to impose lengthy sentences with
respect to frst-time offenders -- it was that the stat-
ute, as Deal had interpreted it, required it. District judges
could not adhere to the statutory command that they give
sentences that are "suffcient, but not greater than necessary,
to comply with the purposes" of punishment, 18 U. S. C., if they were also required to sentence frst-time
offenders to 's unduly harsh mandatory minimum pen-
alties. Additionally problematic was the fact that, while
federal law requires sentencing judges to "avoid unwar-
ranted sentence disparities among defendants," (6),
the variation among prosecutors' charging practices meant
that stacking was a reality for only some frst-time
offenders.11
With sentencing judges routinely imposing what amounted
to mandatory life sentences on frst-time offenders,
Page Proof Pending Publication
in 2018, Congress eventually heeded the public outcry. An
"extraordinary political coalition" formed, as members of

11
The policies of U. S. Attorney's Offices diverged as to when -- or
whether -- they would bring multiple counts, a decision over which
judges lack any control. See id., at 45 (testimony of the Hon. Patti Saris,
Chair, U. S. Sentencing Commission). This produced disparate sentenc-
ing outcomes for similarly situated offenders across judicial districts. See
U. S. Sentencing Commission, Report to the Congress: Mandatory Mini-
mum Penalties in the Federal Criminal Justice System 361 -- 362 (Oct. 2011)
(attributing the "geographic concentration" associated with sen-
tencing "to inconsistencies in the charging of multiple violations of section
924(c)"); see also In re Hernandez, 857 F. 3d 1162, 1169 (CA11 2017) (Mar-
tin, J., concurring in result) (fnding "troubling" that the defendant "might
never have received this [stacked] sentence if he had been sentenced in
another part of the country"). In one case in which prosecutors stacked
additional counts after the defendant refused a plea offer, the Dis-
trict Judge specifcally lamented the "risk of massive sentencing disparity
between identically-situated offenders within the federal system," because
other U. S. Attorney's Offces might not have proceeded in that same fash-
ion. United States v. Angelos, 345 F. Supp. 2d 1227, 1253 -- 1254 (Utah
2004).
436 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Jackson, J.

Congress worked together to develop "a bipartisan sentenc-
ing and prison reform bill" to address stacking. 164
Cong. Rec. S7645 (Dec. 17, 2018) (statement of Sen. Durbin);
see also Brief for Sen. Richard J. Durbin et al. as Amici
Curiae 5 -- 8 (Senators Brief). The First Step Act was the
much-anticipated, much-heralded fruit of their labor -- and
one that many in Congress hoped would yield immediate
benefts. See id., at 17.12
B
It is noteworthy for present purposes that the statute
Congress crafted to depart from the much-maligned "stack-
ing" sentencing regime did so in a two-part fashion. First,
eliminated 25-year stacked sentences for frst-time
offenders. Second, addressed the retroac-
tivity of the beneft in a " `targeted way,' " so as
to ensure that judges were no longer constrained to impose
25-year stacked sentences on frst-time offenders
Page Proof Pending Publication
moving forward. Id., at 15 ).
That second part of Congress's response -- the focus of the
cases before us today -- was highly consequential. By dis-
placing the background rule that changes to sentencing stat-
utes apply only prospectively (to defendants who commit
their offenses after the law's effective date), Congress made
clear that the First Step Act's more lenient penalties were to
apply to some " `pending' " cases, too -- i. e., the new penalties
would be applicable to certain defendants who had com-
mitted their offenses before the First Step Act. Senators
Brief 15, 132 Stat. 5222). Per, any
defendant who still needed to be sentenced as of the First
12
The dissent agrees that our job is to "interpret what Congress meant"
by the words in. Post, at 443. Here, Congress's desire to change
the derided, draconian sentencing stacking scheme Deal had created could
not be clearer. Thus, far from "march[ing] in the parade of sentencing
reform," post, at 441, we are merely observing the events and circumstances
that led Congress to take up the banner of sentencing reform itself.
 Cite as: (2025) 437

Opinion of Jackson, J.

Step Act's effective date would receive the Act's more lenient
penalties. Thus, as a practical matter, judges would no
longer have to impose harsh "stacked" sentences upon frst-
time offenders.
Notably, because retroactivity was only partial, it
differed substantially from the full retroactivity Congress
employed with respect to other kinds of penalty changes it
instituted in the First Step Act. See, e. g., 132 Stat.
5222; Terry v. United States, (2021) (ex-
plaining that Congress made the First Step Act's statutory
changes to the crack-cocaine minimums fully retroactive, and
thus "gave courts authority to reduce the sentences" of pre-
viously sentenced crack offenders, where applicable). Con-
gress certainly had the full-retroactivity option before it
when it crafted ; indeed, earlier versions of the Act
would have extended benefts to at least some
offenders who were already sentenced. See, e. g.,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Sentencing Reform Act of 2015, H. R. 3713, 114th Cong., 2d
Sess., (2), pp. 14 -- 16 (2016) (providing for reduced terms
of imprisonment in "certain past cases" (capitalization and
italics deleted)); Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act of
2017, S. 1917, 115th Cong., 1st Sess., (2), pp. 13 -- 15
(2017) (permitting "sentence reduction" for certain "past
cases" (capitalization deleted)). But authorizing the reopen-
ing of closed cases upends fnality and can also be administra-
tively burdensome. See Senators Brief 15 (noting that Con-
gress forwent full retroactivity to serve "judicial economy"
and "preserv[e] sentences that were actually valid and
fnal"). Section 403's partial retroactivity avoided these
problems, while still advancing Congress's aim of changing
how frst-time defendants are sentenced.
In short, -- a middle-ground solution to the problem
of harsh "stacked" sentences for frst-time offend-
ers -- refected a balance of Congress's policy objectives. By
leaving intact sentences that judges had already
imposed, Congress reinforced its interest in fnality and
438 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of Jackson, J.

avoided burdening district courts with additional litigation.
But it also substantially advanced its goal of returning a sig-
nifcant amount of sentencing discretion to district court
judges moving forward, by giving retroactive effect to the
Act's more lenient penalties for those frst-time of-
fenders who had yet to be sentenced.

V
The reading of that petitioners and the Govern-
ment promote thus coheres with the text, context, and his-
tory of that provision. Under this view, First Step Act sen-
tencing benefts apply to all frst-time offenders
sentenced after the Act's enactment date (whether it is an
initial sentencing or a resentencing). This means that
's retroactivity line falls between those past 
offenders with fnal sentences that are still in effect, on the
one hand, and those who still need to be sentenced for their
Page Proof Pending Publication
offense, on the other. The former are stuck with
their old sentences, for fnality reasons, while the latter are
eligible for First Step Act benefts at resentencing, since
they have to be sentenced regardless.
Under amicus and the dissent's reading, however, there
exists a further line of division within the group of offenders
who currently lack a sentence -- separating those who have
been sentenced previously for the offense at issue
from those who have not. For individuals in the former
camp, per amicus and the dissent, a judge must return to
the superseded sentencing scheme and impose stacked 25-
year sentences when such defendants are resentenced.
Carving up the yet-to-be-sentenced group of offenders in
this way does not refect Congress's intent. See Senators
Brief 17 (a bipartisan group of Senators, explaining that
"[t]he considerations animating the First Step Act's enact-
ment undermine any suggestion that Congress intentionally
excluded from Section 403's reach pre-Act offenders whose
sentences are invalid as a matter of law"). Nor does it com-
 Cite as: (2025) 439

Opinion of Jackson, J.

port with the statutory scheme that Congress enacted, for
two primary reasons.
First, the text and context of do not support differ-
entiating between offenders on the mere basis of the
historical fact of a past sentencing (as we explained in Part
III, supra), and, frankly, it is not clear what distinguishing
between previously sentenced and never-before-sentenced
offenders would accomplish. The prior imposition of a sen-
tence does not bear on fnality; if the offender currently lacks
a sentence, then a court will have to resentence the defend-
ant in any event. And though it would make sense to draw
the line as amicus and the dissent do if the prior imposition
of a sentence helped judges to more accurately identify seri-
ous frst-time offenders -- potentially justifying the
harsh and outdated stacked penalties that the First Step Act
supplanted -- nothing in the legislative record suggests this
is so. Stated simply: The distinction between previously
Page Proof Pending Publication
sentenced defendants and those who have never been sen-
tenced before seems to make no difference in terms of the
retroactivity aims of the statute.
By contrast, requiring judges to impose Deal-era stacked
sentences at resentencings runs headlong into the
animating aims of the First Step Act. See Miller v. French,
(2000) (rejecting an interpretation that
would undermine the statute and run "plainly contrary to
Congress' intent in enacting" it). Neither amicus nor the
dissent can explain why Congress would have wanted sen-
tencing judges, who are presently working to dole out pro-
portionate plenary sentences under the new regime, to have
to return to the draconian, pre-Act scheme for offenders who
just happen to be facing resentencing, as opposed to frst
sentencing. Requiring that kind of reversion prevents
judges from uniformly moving past Deal, which was the pri-
mary point of Congress's enactment of.
Second, the reading of that we adopt today is
plainly more administrable than the one amicus and the dis-
440 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

sent offer. Amicus argues that his interpretation is easy to
apply, because a district judge only needs to know whether
a prior sentence had ever been imposed upon the defendant
for the relevant offense. But that knowledge is not
enough -- the sentencing judge would still need to reference,
recall, and apply the superseded "stacking" regime, if appli-
cable. And there is a much more straightforward way to
administer : From the Act's enactment date onward,
sentencing judges impose the First Step Act's lessened man-
datory minimums for any frst-time offender -- full
stop. This reading of requires no additional effort
on the part of the judge to track down a defendant's sentenc-
ing history or to confrm what mandatory minimums pre-
viously governed. And it allows district judges to treat all
frst-time defendants who appear before them for
sentencing in an equitable manner that minimizes sentencing
disparities, consistent with Congress's sentencing directives.

Page Proof Pending
* * * Publication
Under the interpretation of we adopt today, all
frst-time offenders who appear for sentencing after
the First Step Act's enactment date -- including those whose
previous sentences have been vacated and who thus
need to be resentenced -- are subject to the Act's revised pen-
alties. The Fifth Circuit's contrary reading of is
reversed, and its judgment in these cases is remanded for
further proceedings.
It is so ordered.
Justice Alito, with whom Justice Thomas, Justice
Kavanaugh, and Justice Barrett join, dissenting.
In the First Step Act of 2018, Congress reduced the
mandatory-minimum sentence for certain frearm offenses.
Like all changes to sentencing law, this amendment applies
prospectively. But Congress also thought it wise to apply
the amendment to "Pending Cases." Of course, "Pending
 Cite as: (2025) 441

Alito, J., dissenting

Cases" does not mean "All Cases," and Congress limited the
retroactive reach of the amendment to defendants for whom
"a sentence for the offense has not been imposed as of [the
Act's] date of enactment." 132 Stat. 5222. In other words,
the amendment applies retroactively only if the defendant
had yet to be sentenced when Congress passed the Act in
2018. Petitioners, who were sentenced in 2010, do not come
close to meeting that test.
Today, the Court disfgures the Act in order to reach a
different result. Its interpretation relies on two necessary
premises. First, the Court insists that what Congress
really meant to say is that the amendment applies retroac-
tively unless "a legally valid sentence" is in force on the
Act's date of enactment. Second, to get around the fact that
petitioners did have "legally valid" sentences when the Act
was passed, the Court invents a novel "vacatur" principle.
The Court tells us that the 2022 vacatur of petitioners' sen-

Page Proof Pending Publication
tences rendered those sentences legal nullities from their in-
ception. The Court's interpretation thus unspools the Act's
carefully wound retroactivity command to mean that any de-
fendant whose sentence is vacated at any time and for any
reason may claim the beneft of the Act's reduced mandatory
minimum. But nothing in the text or broader context sup-
ports such a boundless interpretation. Indeed, the portions
of today's decision that command the votes of only three Jus-
tices give the game away. Animating the Court's atextual
interpretation is a thinly veiled desire to march in the parade
of sentencing reform. But our role is to interpret the stat-
ute before us, not overhaul criminal sentencing.

I
Sixteen years ago, a jury convicted petitioners Corey Duf-
fey, Tony Hewitt, and Jarvis Ross of multiple 18 U. S. C.
offenses for use of a frearm in furtherance of a
crime of violence. At the time, frst-time offenders
like petitioners could receive, after a single trial, a 5-year
442 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

mandatory-minimum sentence for an initial convic-
tion and a consecutive 25-year mandatory-minimum sentence
for each "second or subsequent" conviction. See
(1)(A)(i), (c)(1)(C), (c)(1)(D)(ii) (2012 ed.); Deal v.
United States, (1993). In 2010, the Dis-
trict Court sentenced petitioners under this so-called stack-
ing procedure, and after a remand, the District Court re-
sentenced petitioners in 2012. Direct review of their
convictions and sentences was complete by 2015. See
United States v. Ross, 544 Fed. Appx. 544, 545 (CA5 2013)
(per curiam) (dismissing Duffey's appeal because it pre-
sented "no nonfrivolous issue for appellate review"); United
States v. Ross, 582 Fed. Appx. 528 (CA5 2014) (per curiam)
(affrming Hewitt's and Ross's sentences); Hewitt v. United
States, (2015) (denying Hewitt's petition for a
writ of certiorari).
Petitioners' sentences had thus long been fnal when Con-

Page Proof Pending Publication
gress enacted the First Step Act on December 21, 2018.
The Act introduced a bevy of sentencing reforms, including
an amendment that eliminated the practice of sen-
tence stacking. See 132 Stat. 5221 -- 5222. Although it had
previously considered applying this amendment to all 
offenders (including those with fnal sentences), see S. 2123,
114th Cong., 1st Sess., (2) (2015) (reported by Com-
mittee), Congress settled on a far narrower retroactivity
command:
"Applicability to Pending Cases. -- This section,
and the amendments made by this section, shall apply
to any offense that was committed before the date of
enactment of this Act, if a sentence for the offense has
not been imposed as of such date of enactment." 132
Stat. 5222.
On the "date of enactment," petitioners' 2012 sentences re-
mained in full force. As such, petitioners did not move to
reduce their sentences in the immediate aftermath of the
Act's passage.
 Cite as: (2025) 443

Alito, J., dissenting

But several strokes of good fortune soon came petitioners'
way. The year after Congress passed the First Step Act,
we held in United States v. Davis, (2019),
that 's residual clause is unconstitutionally vague.
Then, later that same year, the Fifth Circuit determined that
Davis should apply retroactively. See United States v.
Reece, 938 F. 3d 630, 635 (2019). Seeking to take advantage
of these fortuitous developments, petitioners successfully
moved to set aside some, though not all, of their con-
victions that were predicated on the residual clause. Al-
though the District Court could have vacated petitioners'
sentences for only those invalid counts, petitioners
caught yet another lucky break. The District Court opted
to vacate their entire sentences and ordered plenary resen-
tencing on the remaining counts. Petitioners now try to
push their luck even further, contending that the District
Court should apply the First Step Act's reduced mandatory

Page Proof Pending Publication
minimum for their remaining counts.

II
As all agree, petitioners' argument requires us to interpret
what Congress meant when it said "a sentence for the offense
has not been imposed as of [the Act's] date of enactment."
What frst jumps out about this provision is that Congress
used the present-perfect tense in the phrase "has not been
imposed." The present-perfect tense "denotes an act, state,
or condition that" is either (1) "now completed" or (2) "con-
tinues up to the present." The Chicago Manual of Style.132, p. 268 (17th ed. 2017).
Context often indicates whether a speaker is using the for-
mer sense of the present-perfect tense (e. g., "he has been
awarded a trophy") or the latter sense of the present-perfect
tense (e. g., "he has trained for a trophy for the last three
years"). See B. Garner, The Chicago Guide to Grammar,
Usage, and Punctuation 97 (2016). Consider the following
example. Suppose I ask a man passing by a courthouse,
444 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

"Has a sentence been imposed on John Smith?" He could
respond either, "Yes, on July 1" or "Yes, since July 1." The
former response is perhaps the more natural one, and it as-
sumes I asked for the historical fact of Smith's sentencing in
the indefnite past. The latter response is correct (though
perhaps awkward), and it assumes I asked about the continu-
ing legal validity of Smith's sentence up to the present.
The First Step Act's "grammatical structure conceivably
leaves some room for either reading," United States v. Uri-
arte, 975 F. 3d 596, 607 (CA7 2020) (en banc) (Barrett, J.,
dissenting), but petitioners lose either way. On one hand,
the phrase "a sentence... has... been imposed as of [the
Act's] date of enactment" could refer to the historical fact
that a district court imposed a sentence before the Act's pas-
sage, regardless of whether that sentence remains legally
valid in the future. This "historical-fact interpretation"
plainly forecloses relief for petitioners because, as no one dis-
Page Proof Pending Publication
putes, the District Court frst imposed their sentences well
before the Act's passage.1 On the other hand, "a sentence... has... been imposed as of [the Act's] date of enactment"
could mean that a defendant was subject to a legally valid
sentence that continued to be in force on the Act's enactment
date. But again, petitioners did have legally valid sen-
tences "as of [the Act's] date of enactment," so they lose
under this "legal-validity interpretation" of the Act too.2

1
The Court dismisses the historical-fact interpretation out of hand be-
cause, as it understands English grammar, the present-perfect tense re-
quires "a connection to the present." Ante, at 428,. But before pro-
nouncing new rules of grammar, the Court might frst consider consulting
the authorities it cites. See, e. g., R. Huddleston & G. Pullum, The Cam-
bridge Grammar of the English Language 144 (2002) (noting the "present
perfect allows for the inclusion, under restrictive conditions, of a past time
adjunct"). As these authorities suggest, the present-perfect tense allows
one to say, for example, "[h]e has got up at fve o'clock," ibid. (emphasis
deleted), or "he has played golf before yesterday."
2
The Act's requirement that a sentence "has... been imposed as of
[the Act's] date of enactment" provides an essential temporal benchmark
for both the historical-fact and the legal-validity interpretation. Remark-
 Cite as: (2025) 445

Alito, J., dissenting

Realizing the Act's use of the present-perfect tense alone
cannot help petitioners, the Court invents a novel "vacatur"
principle to supercharge the legal-validity interpretation.
The Court tells us that the First Step Act incorporates the
background "presumption" that "vacated court orders are
void ab initio and thus lack any prospective legal effect."
Ante, at 431. This revamped version of the legal-validity
interpretation means that "a sentence... has... been im-
posed as of [the Act's] date of enactment" if a defendant re-
ceives a legally valid sentence before the Act's passage and
that sentence is never, at any future time, vacated. Under
this view, the 2022 vacatur of petitioners' 2012 sentences im-
plies that, "[b]y operation of [a] legal fction," their 2012 sen-
tences "never occurred" and so could not have been legally
valid as of the Act's enactment date. Ibid.
The Court's vacatur-infected legal-validity interpretation
thus rests on two necessary premises. First, the legal-

Page Proof Pending Publication
validity interpretation is superior to the historical-fact in-
terpretation. Second, the Act incorporates the "vacatur"
principle. If either premise falters, so does the Court's in-
terpretation. In my view, there is little doubt that both of
the necessary premises fail.

ably, however, the Court reads this requirement out of the Act entirely.
The Court insists that sentencing courts should "read" the First Step Act
at "the moment of resentencing," without any reference to the Act's enact-
ment date. Ante, at 429,. But the Court is mistaken. It starts
on the right foot, acknowledging the "widely accepted modern legislative
drafting convention that a law should not be read to speak as of the date
of enactment." Carr v. United States, (2010) (Alito, J.,
dissenting). This "convention" provides that, "except in unusual circum-
stances," "all laws... should be written in the present tense" to ensure
that a " `legislative provision speaks as of any date on which it is read
(rather than as of when drafted, enacted, or put into effect).' " Ibid., p. 4 (1997) (emphasis deleted)). But the First Step Act
is such an "unusual circumstanc[e]" in which Congress deviated from this
"convention." The Act takes the unusual steps of referencing the date on
which it was "enacted" and employing the present-perfect tense, not the
ordinary present tense.
446 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

III
A
To start, the most plausible reading of the retroactivity
provision is that "a sentence... has... been imposed" when,
as a matter of historical fact, a district court has sentenced
a defendant. Subsequent legal changes -- such as the vaca-
tur of a previously imposed sentence -- do not change the
purely historical fact that a defendant was, at a point in
time, actually sentenced. When the Act asks whether a sen-
tence "has... been imposed," it refers to the unchanging
historical fact of sentencing and whether it occurred before
the "date of enactment."
To see why, begin with the word "imposed." A "sentence
is imposed" when there is a "pronouncement of judgment."
Lott v. United States, (1961); see Young v.
United States, 943 F. 3d 460, 463 (CADC 2019) ("[I]n ordi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
nary usage a sentence is `imposed' when the district court
pronounces it"). The Sentencing Reform Act treats the "im-
position" of a sentence as the moment when a district court
"state[s] in open court the reasons for... the particular sen-
tence." 18 U. S. C. ; Black's Law Dictionary 1470
(12th ed. 2024) (defning "pronounce" as "announce for-
mally"). The word "imposed" is thus most naturally under-
stood to refer to a concrete "action by a district court" that
occurs at a specifc point in time. Uriarte, 975 F. 3d, at 607
(Barrett, J., dissenting); see also United States v. Carpenter,
80 F. 4th 790, 791 (CA6 2023) (Kethledge, J., concurring
in denial of rehearing en banc) ("[T]he act of imposing a
sentence could not possibly `continue up to the present' -- 
because the imposition of a sentence occurs at a fxed point
in time"). A defendant may be sentenced, resentenced, and
resentenced again, and at each hearing a sentence is "im-
posed" even if some of those sentences are later set aside as
legally invalid.
 Cite as: (2025) 447

Alito, J., dissenting

Our cases and other provisions of Title 18 confrm that the
word "imposed" marks the historical point at which a sen-
tence is pronounced regardless of whether that sentence has
continuing legal validity. For example, in the midst of a dis-
cussion about plenary resentencing (a topic of particular rele-
vance to these cases), we once noted that "[i]n remanded
cases... trial courts have imposed a sentence on the remain-
ing counts longer than the sentence originally imposed on
those particular counts." Greenlaw v. United States, (2008). In another case, a
joint opinion of the Court noted that the "death sentences
imposed for armed robbery, however, were vacated." Gregg
v. Georgia, -- 162 (1976) (opinion of Stewart,
Powell, and Stevens, JJ.). In both in-
stances, our use of "imposed" signifed only that a court had,
at some point in time, pronounced a sentence. Our use of
"imposed" could not possibly be understood to refer to the
Page Proof Pending Publication
legal validity of those later-invalidated sentences. Further,
in other parts of Title 18, Congress uses "imposed" to signify
the historical fact of a sentence, not its continuing legal va-
lidity. See, e. g., (2) (allowing a defendant to appeal
"an otherwise fnal sentence if the sentence... was imposed
as a result of an incorrect application of the sentencing
guidelines"); (1) (empowering courts of appeals to
remand on a fnding that "the sentence was imposed in
violation of law"). I see no reason to think Congress in-
tended a different meaning of "imposed" in another provision
of Title 18.
Additional support for the historical-fact interpretation is
found in Congress's use of the phrase "a sentence." The
word "a" is an "indefnite article" that "points to a nonspecifc
object, thing, or person that is not distinguished from the
other members of a class." B. Garner, Modern English
Usage 1195 (5th ed. 2022) (Modern English Usage). "When
used as an indefnite article, `a' means `[s]ome undetermined
448 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

or unspecifed particular.' " McFadden v. United States, (2015) ). In that sense, Congress's use of
the indefnite article lends a broad construction to the word
"sentence," as if to say "any sentence" ever imposed, includ-
ing a later-vacated sentence. In conjunction with the word
"imposed," the phrase "a sentence" thus puts the statutory
focus on the existence of any kind of sentence pronounced in
the record, regardless of that sentence's present legal status.
Indeed, contrary to the Court's suggestion, the word "sen-
tence" does not ineluctably mean a "legally valid" sentence.
Our own cases prove the point because we have often found
it necessary to clarify whether a sentence is valid or invalid.
See, e. g., Swarthout v. Cooke, (2011) (per
curiam) ("There is no right under the Federal Constitution
to be conditionally released before the expiration of a valid
sentence" ); Pollard v. United States, 352
Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S. 354, 357, 360 (1957) ("The only sentence that was en-
tered at the 1952 hearing was the one of probation, admit-
tedly invalid because of petitioner's absence" ); Richmond v. Lewis, (1992) ("[P]eti-
tioner's conviction was found valid but his sentence invalid"
); see also Uriarte, 975 F. 3d, at 607 (Bar-
rett, J., dissenting) ("That is why it is perfectly coherent to
describe the procedural posture of a case by saying, `a sen-
tence was imposed last year, but it has since been vacated
on appeal' "). If Congress sought to narrow "a sentence" in
a specialized way to indicate a legally valid sentence, it could
have referred to "a fnal sentence," "a legally valid sen-
tence," or more prosaically, "the sentence." Accord, United
States v. Hernandez, 107 F. 4th 965, 969 (CA11 2024).
Reading the retroactivity provision in context, the phrase
"a sentence has not been imposed" most straightforwardly
means that a district court has not, as a matter of historical
fact, sentenced a defendant for his offenses before
the Act's "date of enactment." So how can the Court read
 Cite as: (2025) 449

Alito, J., dissenting

the same text to refer to a presently valid sentence, rather
than one that was historically "imposed" in the past? See
ante, at 431. Bizarrely, the Court's analysis begins and ends
with Congress's use of the present-perfect tense. Through
the use of a single hypothetical, which does not resemble the
structure of the provision actually before us, the Court
draws the conclusion that "the present-perfect tense conveys
to a listener that the event in question continues to be true
or valid." Ante, at 429. But, as I have explained, the pres-
ent-perfect tense is, as a general matter, capable of support-
ing either the historical-fact or legal-validity interpretation.
The surrounding context and the specifc words Congress
employed indicate how the present-perfect tense may sup-
port one interpretation or the other. As to the actual words
in the retroactivity provision ("imposed," "a sentence"), the
Court's textual analysis in Part III -- A is silent.3 The

Page Proof Pending
tense best capturesPublication
3
The Court's legal-validity interpretation also rests on the mistaken
premise that the past-perfect the historical-fact inter-
pretation. The Court claims "if an event is merely a relic of history be-
cause it was voided by a subsequent action, the past-perfect (not the
present-perfect) tense would usually be the more appropriate verb
choice." Ante, at 429 -- 430. I hope readers do not look to this Court as
an authority on English grammar because this broad pronouncement is
badly mistaken. As support for its grammatical rule, the Court offers a
hypothetical: suppose a U. S. Olympic Committee rule says that "athletes
may call themselves Olympic champions if a gold medal `has been awarded'
to them." Ante, at 428. If the Olympic gold medalist is stripped of her
medal, however, the Court claims she can no longer call herself an "Olym-
pic champion" under the rule. To enable our athlete to still call herself
an Olympic champion based on her now-stripped medal, the Court tells us
"the past-perfect" tense would be "more appropriate" (e. g., "she had been
awarded such a medal"). Ante, at 429 -- 430. That is highly debatable.
The only lesson taught by the Court's example is that the meaning of
language is heavily dependent on context. The obvious purpose of the
hypothetical rule is to restrict the class of individuals who are entitled to
the honor of calling themselves Olympic champions, and the Court pre-
sumes that the athlete in question lost her medal because she engaged in
improper conduct, e. g., taking performance-enhancing drugs. But sup-
pose the medal was taken away for an illegitimate reason. Some histori-
450 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

Court's failure to defend the legal-validity interpretation is
thus an independently fatal blow to its holding.

B
Assuming the Court had proved up the legal-validity in-
terpretation, it would still need to establish its "vacatur"
principle. That is, it would still need to prove not only that
the Act is concerned with a sentence's continuing legal valid-
ity up to the "date of enactment," but also that the Act
hinges on the continuing validity of a sentence after the date
of enactment. The Court can prove as much only by invent-
ing a "legal fction" that a vacated sentence "never oc-
curred." Ante, at 431. But one need only scratch the sur-
face of this purported "legal fction" to understand how
thoroughly unpersuasive it is.
As a preliminary matter, the Court's "vacatur" principle
does not exist. The Court assures us that there is a well-
Page Proof Pending Publication
established principle in the criminal law that "vacated court
orders are void ab initio and thus lack any prospective legal
effect." Ibid. It derives this rule by over-reading a few

ans think that Jim Thorpe, a legendary Native American athlete who dom-
inated the 1912 Olympics, was stripped of his medals at least in part
because of racism. See B. Crawford, All American: The Rise and Fall of
Jim Thorpe 209 -- 210 (2005); J. Elfers, The Tour To End All Tours: the
Story of Major League Baseball's 1913 -- 1914 World Tour 18 (2003). That
was not completely undone until 2022, long after Thorpe died. See V.
Mather & T. Panja, Jim Thorpe Is Restored as Sole Winner of 1912 Olym-
pic Gold Medals, N. Y. Times, July 15, 2022. Suppose Thorpe had been
asked: "Have you ever been awarded an Olympic medal?" Would he have
been a liar if he answered "yes"? The Court seems to think so.
Indeed, the Court offers no answer to the argument that the present-
perfect tense may be properly used to refer to a past event that was later
undone. Instead, the Court promises readers that an answer will come
in Part IV of its opinion -- i. e., the portions in which only three Justices
join. See ante, at 429,. But this promise goes unfulflled. Part IV
contains no deus ex machina to salvage the Court's interpretation; rather,
Part IV throws a celebration for the First Step Act, perhaps hoping read-
ers lose sight of the text behind all the confetti.
 Cite as: (2025) 451

Alito, J., dissenting

creative turns of phrase in our cases. See ante, at 432 (cit-
ing North Carolina v. Pearce, (1969) (stat-
ing vacatur causes a conviction to be " `wholly nullifed and
the slate wiped clean' "); Pepper v. United States, (2011) (noting vacatur " `wipe[s] the slate clean' ")).
But a more careful reading of our precedents and other pro-
visions in Title 18 indicates that vacatur does not erase the
historical fact of a previously imposed conviction or sentence.
Further, even if the "vacatur" principle exists, the Act's ret-
roactivity provision does not incorporate it.

1
Our precedents foreclose the Court's "vacatur" principle.
Take, for example, one of the cases the Court cites, Lewis v.
United States, (1980). See ante, at 432. There,
the defendant challenged his conviction under a federal stat-
ute prohibiting " `[a]ny person who... has been convicted by
Page Proof Pending Publication
a court of the United States or of a State' " from " `receiv-
[ing], possess[ing], or transport[ing]... any frearm.' " 445
U. S., at 56, and (1970 ed.)).
The defendant argued that his predicate state conviction was
invalid because he lacked counsel and that, as such, he could
not be convicted as a felon in possession under the federal
statute. We assumed that the predicate state conviction
was subject to invalidation (i. e., vacatur), see 445 U. S., at
58, but we nevertheless upheld the felon-in-
possession conviction. We reasoned that the statute's
"sweeping" language, which is phrased in the present-
perfect tense just like the First Step Act, focused on "the
fact of a [predicate] felony conviction." Id., at 60. At the
time of his federal offense, the defendant's state conviction
was extant and thus disabled him from frearm possession.
Congress made "[n]o exception" for "a person whose out-
standing [predicate] conviction ultimately might turn out to
be invalid for any reason." Id., at 62. So a subsequent in-
validation of his state predicate conviction due to his lack
452 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

of counsel would not render that conviction "invalid for all
purposes." Id., at 67. Lewis thus powerfully refutes the
Court's vacatur principle. If vacatur of the defendant's
predicate conviction implied the conviction "never occurred,"
as the Court today insists, then his felon-in-possession con-
viction could not stand. Ante, at 431. But that is the very
argument Lewis foreclosed.4
Although it supports the petitioners in this appeal, the
United States also concedes (albeit sheepishly in a footnote)
that the Court's "general background legal principle that va-
catur makes a sentence void from the start for all purposes"
is "incorrect." Brief for United States 27, (internal quo-
tation marks and alterations omitted). As it acknowledges,
lower courts routinely follow Lewis and uphold convictions
despite the later vacatur of predicate offenses. See, e. g.,
Burrell v. United States, 384 F. 3d 22, 27 -- 28 (CA2 2004) ("[I]t
is the mere fact of [a prior] conviction at the time of the

Page Proof Pending Publication
charged possession, not the reliability of the conviction, that
establishes the (1) predicate" ); United States v. Roberson, 752 F. 3d 517,
522 (CA1 2014) (upholding a conviction for failure to register
as a sex offender even though the predicate sex offense was
later vacated).
Moreover, as the United States also acknowledges, Lewis's
logic crosses into the constitutional context. Consider
Bravo-Fernandez v. United States, (2016), in
which we considered the application of issue preclusion
4
In responding to Lewis, the Court accidentally fres on its own position.
The Court justifes Lewis's holding by explaining that "the defendant's
prior felony conviction had `never been overturned' -- i. e., vacated -- at the
time he possessed the weapon." Ante, at 432, ). But that is precisely the point.
Lewis afforded "prospective legal effect" to the defendant's vacated con-
viction by refusing to ignore the historical fact of his predicate conviction
even after the vacatur. I see no way to reconcile that reasoning with the
Court's rule that a vacated sentence never "retains prospective legal ef-
fect." Ante, at 432,.
 Cite as: (2025) 453

Alito, J., dissenting

under the Double Jeopardy Clause when a jury returns in-
consistent verdicts. It is well established that if a jury con-
victs on one count but acquits on another count involving the
same conduct, the acquittal has no issue preclusive effect.
See id., at 13. Likewise, if a jury acquits on one count but
fails to reach agreement on another count, the acquittal has
such an effect. See id., at 13 -- 14. In Bravo-Fernandez, a
jury convicted on one count but acquitted on others that
were claimed to involve the same conduct. The conviction,
however, was vacated due to "an unrelated legal error," and
the defendant argued that the Court should treat the convic-
tion as if it had never occurred and that the acquittal had
issue preclusive effect barring reprosecution. Id., at 9. We
rejected this argument, holding that the conviction's later
invalidation did not "erase" its historical existence for the
purposes of issue preclusion because the vacatur did not
"bear on the factual determinations actually and necessarily

Page Proof Pending Publication
made by the jury." Id., at 21. Bravo-Fernandez thus treated the historical fact
of a later-vacated conviction as legally relevant, which is ir-
reconcilable with the Court's "vacatur" principle.
The only " `unexpressed presumptio[n]' " I can derive from
our cases and those from the courts of appeals is the opposite
of the one the Court advances today. Ante, at 431 ).
2
Congress too has rejected the Court's "vacatur" principle.
In the Sentencing Reform Act, Congress "se[t] forth a special... background principle" that is incompatible with the "va-
catur" rule invented today. Dorsey v. United States, (2012) (emphasis deleted).5 That is, after a
sentence is vacated, a district court during resentencing
5
In Dorsey, 567 U. S., at 275, we referred to 18 U. S. C. (4)(A)(ii)
as establishing the relevant "background principle." That provision in-
corporates by reference the anti-vacatur rule of.
454 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

must apply the Sentencing Guidelines that "were in effect on
the date of the previous sentencing of the defendant prior to
the appeal." 18 U. S. C. (1). The vacatur of an ini-
tial sentence thus does not "wipe the slate clean" in relation
to the Guidelines range. Contra, Pepper, 562 U. S., at 507.
Petitioners try to write off this provision as a deviation
from the background presumption that vacatur voids a sen-
tence ab initio. See Brief for Petitioner Hewitt 24; Brief for
Petitioner Duffey et al. 47. But (1)'s anti-vacatur
rule cannot be described as a minor exception to an other-
wise widespread principle. The rule does not appear in
some "little-used backwater" of the Sentencing Reform Act.
West Virginia v. EPA, (2022). Rather,
it is incorporated into the default procedures that apply
in every criminal sentencing. 6 See (4)(A)(ii),
(a)(5)(B).
In short, the Court's failure to "sho[w] that its own rule

Page Proof Pending Publication... existed as a background matter when Congress enacted"
the First Step Act is fatal to its position. Coinbase, Inc.
v. Bielski, -- 754 (2023) (Jackson, J.,
dissenting).
3
Even assuming the "vacatur" principle is not a fgment of
the Court's imagination, it lacks any foothold in the Act's
text. "When called on to resolve a dispute over a statute's
meaning, this Court normally seeks to afford the law's terms
their ordinary meaning at the time Congress adopted them."
Niz-Chavez v. Garland, (2021). Of course,
we sometimes look to principles beyond the four corners of

6
The portion of the opinion in which only three Justices join expresses
concern that, under the historical-fact interpretation, district judges will
struggle "to reference, recall, and apply the superseded `stacking' re-
gime." Ante, at 440. But I have far more faith in district judges' ability
to enforce older sentencing regimes. Indeed, district judges' familiarity
with 18 U. S. C., which routinely requires them to apply obsolete
Sentencing Guidelines in the present, is proof positive.
 Cite as: (2025) 455

Alito, J., dissenting

a statute to understand the background against which Con-
gress legislated. But we typically do so in discrete situa-
tions. For example, we look to background common-law
principles to fll in obvious gaps in statutes, such as a missing
mens rea element in a criminal statute. See, e. g., Staples
v. United States, (1994) (mens rea); Agency
Holding Corp. v. Malley-Duff & Associates, Inc., (1987) (statutes of limitations); Marx v. General Rev-
enue Corp., (2013) (attorney's fees and
costs). Or we import extra-textual meaning when Congress
employs a "term of art that had an established meaning
under" a relevant "backdrop." Stewart v. Dutra Constr. Co.,
(2005).
The First Step Act fts neither mold, and the Court makes
no effort in Part III -- B to analyze how its "vacatur" principle
maps on to the text. The Court points to no obvious gap
in the Act's retroactivity provision that could be flled with

Page Proof Pending Publication
"recognized" "background principles of construction. "
Bond, 572 U. S., at 857. Nor does the Court suggest that
the utterly ordinary words in the Act's retroactivity provi-
sion carry some specialized meaning related to vacatur. "In
the absence of some strong contrary indication" of special-
ized meaning, we must "assume that the ordinary meaning"
of words like "sentence," which captures both extant and va-
cated sentences, "controls." Monsalvo Velázquez v. Bondi,
(2025) (Alito, J., dissenting); see Part III -- 
A, supra.
C
The superiority of the historical-fact interpretation and
the nonexistence of the Court's "vacatur" principle are inde-
pendent reasons to reject the Court's holding. But even if
the matter were close, two more factors counsel against the
Court's rule.
First, the retroactivity provision's title -- "Applicability
to Pending Cases" -- advises against the Court's boundless
interpretation. "[T]he title of a statute and the heading of
456 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

a section are tools available for the resolution of a doubt
about the meaning of a statute." Dubin v. United States,
-- 121 (2023) (internal quotation marks omit-
ted); see also Yates v. United States, (2015)
(Alito, J., concurring in judgment) ("Titles can be useful de-
vices to resolve doubt about the meaning of a statute" (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted)). Here, the phrase "Pending
Cases" suggests Congress was concerned with the fnite pop-
ulation of defendants who, on the date of the First Step Act's
enactment, lacked an initial sentence for offenses.
See Black's Law Dictionary, at 1366 (defning "pending" as
"[r]emaining undecided; awaiting decision"); Modern English
Usage 813 (defning "pending" as "awaiting an outcome").
But the Court's "vacatur" principle would obliterate that
closed set and refashion the retroactivity provision as an
open-ended entitlement for any defendant convicted of multi-
ple offenses whose sentence is vacated at any time
Page Proof Pending Publication
and for any reason. That means, as the United States con-
cedes, the "universe" of "Pending Cases" would "increase,"
for example, "anytime this Court issues a decision that af-
fects the validity of 924(c) sentences." Tr. of Oral Arg. 49.
If Congress intended the retroactivity provision to beneft
such an amorphous population that may forever grow in size,
I seriously doubt it would have labeled the Act's retroactiv-
ity provision with the phrase "Pending Cases."
Second, the presumption against retroactivity further
weighs against the Court's unnecessarily broad interpreta-
tion. The Federal Saving Statute sets forth "an important
background principle of interpretation" that "a new criminal
statute that `repeal[s]' an older criminal statute shall not
change the penalties `incurred' under that older statute `un-
less the repealing Act shall so expressly provide.' " Dorsey,
567 U. S., at 272, 274. Accordingly,
Congress may give retroactive effect to new reductions in
criminal penalties, but it must do so with "plain import"
or "fair implication." 567 U. S., at 275 (internal quotation
 Cite as: (2025) 457

Alito, J., dissenting

marks omitted). Here, the First Step Act provides a clear
intent to rebut the presumption against retroactivity as to
offenders for whom a sentence "has not been imposed." Al-
though I believe the scope of that retroactivity command is
suffciently clear for the reasons I have already given, to the
extent there is any ambiguity about how far the Act's retro-
activity command should go, the presumption puts a thumb
on the scale against construing the retroactivity command to
its broadest extent as the Court does today.

IV
After the Court is through with the text and nonexistent
principles of vacatur, three Justices continue on for pages,
sparing no effort, to extol the "much-anticipated, much-
heralded" First Step Act. Ante, at 436. But what is the
point of all this lauding? Perhaps realizing the weakness of
their textual argument, the three Justices think it wise to
Page Proof Pending Publication
spruce up the opinion. They attempt to do so by asserting
that when a " `bipartisan' " "supermajority" of Congress
passes "landmark" legislation, it intends to go big, down to
the very last subsection (or here, application note to a sub-
section). Ante, at 424; ante, at 436 (opinion of Jackson, J.,
joined by Sotomayor and Kagan, JJ.). So I gather they
would have us broadly construe every atom of the "land-
mark" First Step Act in a way that furthers Congress's sup-
posedly grand ambition to turn the page on "harsh" sentenc-
ing practices. Ante, at 437.
There is no "landmark" canon of construction requiring
the Court to construe important legislation to its furthest
possible implication. " `[N]o legislation pursues its purposes
at all costs.' " American Express Co. v. Italian Colors Res-
taurant, (2013) (per curiam)).
Indeed, just last Term we rejected the same sort of "land-
mark" argument when interpreting a different provision of
the First Step Act. See Pulsifer v. United States, HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

124, 151 -- 152 (2024). Experience shows that more often than
not, "landmark" legislation refects the necessary log-rolling
of the legislative process, which prizes political compromise
over statutory clarity. That reality cautions against the
precise move the Court makes today: an inference that Con-
gress hid in an "ancillary" and intentionally circumscribed
provision a retroactivity command that would "alter the fun-
damental details" of how sentencing should work for
all time. Whitman v. American Trucking Assns., Inc., (2001).
The three-Justice opinion rattles off the public criticisms
that supposedly spurred Congress to reform the practice of
sentence "stacking." But this discussion is beside
the point. Nothing in this multi-page discussion sheds light
on how Members of Congress understood the retroactivity
provision before us.
Carried away with its enthusiasm for the changes effected

Page Proof Pending Publication
by the First Step Act, the three Justices bestow an entirely
undeserved windfall on the actual petitioners in these cases.
Due to the especially violent nature of their robberies,7 peti-
tioners were convicted of more than a dozen offenses,
about half of which were not predicated on 's resid-
ual clause.
In 2019 we decided Davis and provided a basis to set aside
petitioners' convictions under the residual clause, but
Davis did nothing to disturb petitioners' other con-
7
Dubbed the "Scarecrow Bandits" due to their plaid-shirt and foppy-hat
disguises, petitioners and their confederates "violently robbed" a string of
banks in the Dallas-Fort Worth area around 2008. 2009 WL 2356156, *1
(ND Tex., July 30, 2009); see FBI, Scarecrow Bandit Leader Sentenced to
355 Years in Federal Prison on Bank Robbery and Firearms Convictions
(May 5, 2010). During the robberies, the Scarecrow Bandits held bank
employees and customers at gunpoint and physically assaulted them with
frearms and stun guns. See 2009 WL 2356156, *1. In total, the conspir-
acy stole more than $350,000 before authorities caught up with them. See
Brief for United States 7.
 Cite as: (2025) 459

Alito, J., dissenting

victions and associated mandatory-minimum sentences. In
cases "involv[ing] multicount indictments and a successful at-
tack by a defendant on some but not all of the counts of
conviction," a court, "in such instances, may vacate the en-
tire sentence on all counts" and "reconfgure the sentencing
plan" in toto. Greenlaw, 554 U. S., at 253.8
But, as petitioners' counsel conceded, courts are under "no
obligation" to follow this convention and may instead choose
to vacate only those parts of the sentence related to an inter-
vening change in law. Tr. of Oral Arg. 15. Nor does this
strike me as a case in which full vacatur was warranted.
Section 924(c) convictions must run consecutively "with any
other term of imprisonment." (1)(D)(ii). So 
sentences are presumably easier to identify and extract from
a defendant's total term of imprisonment, often obviating the
need for a plenary resentencing. The likely unnecessary va-
catur of each petitioner's entire sentence was thus a stroke

Page Proof Pending Publication
of good fortune that opened the door to petitioners' First
Step Act claims.9 The lower courts (correctly) rejected

8
The chief reason for vacating perfectly valid convictions in such cases is
to allow the sentencing court to consider whether the sentence previously
imposed on a valid count provides suffcient punishment for the defend-
ant's conduct. See Greenlaw, 554 U. S., at 253 -- 254. Suppose a defendant
is convicted of two offenses, each with a 5-year mandatory minimum. The
sentencing judge, thinking that the appropriate punishment for the de-
fendant's criminal conduct is 10 years' imprisonment, imposes a 5-year
term of imprisonment on both counts and runs the counts consecutively.
If one of the counts of conviction is reversed and the case is remanded,
the sentencing judge may wish to enlarge the initial 5-year sentence on
the remaining count to 10 years' imprisonment. So the defendant "ulti-
mately may gain nothing from his limited success on appeal." Id., at 254.
It is therefore ironic that the unnecessary vacatur of petitioners' valid
convictions has given them a beneft.
9
The District Court's willingness to vacate petitioners' entire sentences
appears to have been informed by the position of the United States, which
"agreed" with petitioners that the "sentences on all remaining counts
should be vacated." Agreed Order in No. 3:08 -- cr -- 167 (ND Tex., Nov. 2,
460 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Alito, J., dissenting

those efforts, but petitioners have found a sympathetic audi-
ence in this Court. The three Justices attribute today's out-
come to grand congressional design coming to fruition, but
in reality, petitioners' change in fortune can be attributed
only to the happenstance of legal developments with not the
faintest relationship to the First Step Act.
* * *
The Court ignores Congress's intention to afford only lim-
ited retroactive relief to certain offenders under the First
Step Act. Instead, the Court embraces an interpretation
that has no limiting principle and affords petitioners a wind-
fall. That is an indefensible result based on indefensible
reasoning. I cannot agree with the Court's decision, so I
must respectfully dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication

2021), ECF Doc. 700, p. 2 (Ross); see Agreed Order in No. 3:08 -- cr -- 167
(June 14, 2021), ECF Doc. 672, p. 2 (Duffey); Agreed Order in No. 3:08 -- 
cr -- 167 (Aug. 19, 2021), ECF Doc. 683, p. 2 (Hewitt).
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of

Page Proof Pending Publication
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting from denial of motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis.
To file a petition in this Court, litigants must pay a $300
fee, along with the (much higher) cost of printing 40 bound
copies of their filing. Litigants who cannot afford the filing
fee and the cost of printing can request to proceed in forma
pauperis. The Court largely grants these requests, allowing
those litigants to file for free, but our openness to indigent
litigants has its limits. In fact, the Court sometimes im-
poses blanket filing bars that prohibit litigants from filing
any more in forma pauperis petitions in noncriminal mat-
ters going forward, regardless of the merits of their claims.
Today, the Court bars essentially all future filings from
Danny Howell (an indigent inmate serving a 70-year sen-
tence) because Howell previously submitted a handful of pe-
2 HOWELL v. CIRCUIT COURT OF INDIANA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

titions we deemed "frivolous."1 Even if Howell were to iden-
tify meritorious grounds for habeas relief or wanted to bring
a justifiable challenge to his conditions of confinement, he
will now be prevented from doing so unless he pays the fil-
ing fee -- no matter what. A categorical, forward-looking fil-
ing bar is a questionable restriction as to any litigant who
cannot afford to pay a filing fee. For me, it is an intolerable
one as to incarcerated individuals. Accordingly, I respect-
fully dissent.
I
The Court began imposing prospective filing bars on in
forma pauperis litigants in 1989. First was Jessie McDon-
ald. The Court's decision to bar McDonald made intuitive
sense: He had filed 73 petitions over the preceding 18 years,
several of which were collateral attacks on a state convic-
tion for which he was no longer incarcerated. In re McDon-
ald, (per curiam). Over the dissent of
four Justices, the Court barred McDonald from proceeding
in forma pauperis when seeking extraordinary writs in the
future.2
Less than two years later, over the dissent of three Jus-
tices, the Court imposed another filing bar, this time pre-
venting Michael Sindram from proceeding in forma
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See this Court's Rule 39.8 ("If satisfied that a petition for a writ of

certiorari, jurisdictional statement, or petition for an extraordinary writ
is frivolous or malicious, the Court may deny leave to proceed in forma
pauperis").
2 We emphasized that extraordinary writs are " 'drastic and extraordi-

nary remedies,' to be 'reserved for really extraordinary causes.' " In re
McDonald, 489 U. S., at 185 ). We further noted that the Court had "not granted the sort
of extraordinary writ relentlessly sought by [McDonald] to any litigant -- 
paid or in forma pauperis -- for at least a decade." 489 U. S., at 184. The
nature of extraordinary writs not only made McDonald's repeated filings
frivolous, but it also meant that the filing bar -- which targeted only fu-
ture requests for that particular form of relief -- did not significantly bur-
den McDonald's access to the Court.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

pauperis when seeking extraordinary writs in the future.
Sindram had filed 43 separate petitions over the prior three
years, the majority of which related to a speeding ticket he
had received years earlier. In re Sindram, -- 178 (1991) (per curiam).
The following year, the Court significantly expanded the
reach of its filing bar. Over the course of a decade, peti-
tioner James Martin had filed 54 in forma pauperis peti-
tions requesting writs of certiorari in connection with a va-
riety of civil disputes. With two Justices dissenting, the
Court barred Martin from filing any future petitions for cer-
tiorari in noncriminal cases; unlike McDonald and Sin-
dram, this bar was not limited to requests for extraordinary
writs. Martin v. District of Columbia Court of Appeals, -- 3 (1992) (per curiam). Martin's circumstances
lent this Court a useful shorthand: When we bar indigent
litigants from filing any future in forma pauperis petitions,
we now say that we are "Martinizing" them.
The Court's exasperation with McDonald, Sindram, and
Martin was understandable. Each of those litigants had
flooded the Court with dozens of frivolous filings, causing
significant administrative burdens. In the Court's view, a
prospective filing bar was necessary to "curb serious
abuses" of its docket and to ensure that the Court could al-
locate its resources "in a way that promotes the interests of
justice." McDonald, 489 U. S., at 184.
Even so, its decision to permanently restrict an indigent
litigant's access to this Court was hotly contested. The dis-
senters in McDonald worried that, in the Court's "fervor [to]
ensur[e] that rights granted to the poor are not abused," it
had "embark[ed] on [an] unprecedented and dangerous
course." Id., at 185 -- 187 (Brennan, J., dissenting). Simi-
larly, to the dissenters in Sindram, even though prolific lit-
igants do cause a "minimal annoyance," preserving their ac-
cess was "well worth the cost" given the Court's
"longstanding tradition of leaving [its] door open to all
4 HOWELL v. CIRCUIT COURT OF INDIANA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

classes of litigants." 498 U. S., at 182 (Marshall, J., dissent-
ing). The dissenters feared that in forma pauperis filing
bars abandoned that "proud and decent" tradition. Ibid.
They also predicted that what started as a rare step would
turn out to be "merely the prelude" to a more habitual shut-
ting of the courthouse doors. McDonald, 489 U. S., at 187
(Brennan, J., dissenting).
II
The dissenters were right. The Court has steadily ex-
panded the reach of Martin, transforming what was once
an extraordinary measure into a routine order.
Howell's case is a prime example. He has filed only six
petitions over the span of 14 years -- hardly a flood. Before
this one, Howell's last petition was in 2018, eight years ago.
Moreover, quite unlike McDonald, Sindram, or Martin,
Howell is in state custody and serving a long prison sen-
tence; all six of his petitions have raised claims challenging
aspects of his conviction.
Howell's case is not an outlier. By my count, the Court
has now invoked Martin hundreds of times to prospectively
bar indigent litigants from filing in forma pauperis. We no
longer wait for a petitioner to inundate the Court with friv-
olous filings. Instead, we reflexively Martinize petitioners
after only a few petitions. See, e.g., In re Nelson, 607 U. S.
___ (2025) (Martinized after five petitions); Navarro Martin
v. Florida, 607 U. S. ___ (2025) (Martinized after six peti-
tions).
Even more troubling, though the Court did not have oc-
casion to consider in McDonald, Sindram, or Martin
whether filing bars were necessary or appropriate for incar-
cerated litigants, we now routinely impose filing bars on
prisoners. See, e.g., Crosby v. Starr, 607 U. S. ___ (2025)
(Martinized after filing a petition for certiorari arising from
habeas proceedings raising claims under the First Step
Act); Brunson v. Herring, 604 U. S. ___ (2024) (Martinized
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

after filing a petition for certiorari arising from habeas pro-
ceedings raising claims of actual innocence); Kaetz v.
United States, 602 U. S. ___ (2024) (Martinized after filing
a petition for certiorari arising from proceedings under 28
U. S. C. raising ineffective-assistance-of-counsel
claims). According to our Clerk's Office, more than half of
the petitioners whose filings we have categorically rejected
per Martin in the past 22 years were prisoners.
III
Applying Martin routinely to bar the filings of indigent
incarcerated petitioners goes too far. In my view, such a
restriction foolishly trades a pound of values for an ounce of
convenience. That is, the Court now blocks indigent incar-
cerated individuals from ever more accessing our court-
house, just to avoid a minor administrative burden.
To be clear: Martinized petitioners are totally barred
from ever filing in forma pauperis noncriminal petitions in
the future -- even to raise new claims based on favorable
changes in the law (which sometimes happen), or to chal-
lenge the ongoing conditions of their confinement (which, in
our society, prisoners are allowed to do). The future is fa-
mously hard to predict. So the justification for a permanent
filing bar -- even one related to the Court's administrative
convenience -- is murky at best.
Changes in the law can give rise to meritorious chal-
lenges that a prisoner might be able to raise by filing a civil
habeas petition. Consider, for instance, the pro se peti-
tioner in Welch v. United States, (2016), who
filed an in forma pauperis petition raising a collateral chal-
lenge to his sentence in light of our prior decision in John-
son v. United States, (2015). Welch's filing
ultimately resulted in the Court applying Johnson retroac-
tively. 578 U. S., at 130. But if Welch had been Martinized,
he would have been unable to seek relief in this Court.
6 HOWELL v. CIRCUIT COURT OF INDIANA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

Similarly, the conditions of a prisoner's confinement may
give rise to new constitutional claims. In Wilkins v. Gaddy,
(2010) (per curiam), for example, we held that
a pro se petitioner proceeding in forma pauperis had stated
an Eighth Amendment claim based on an assault by prison
officials. Had Wilkins been Martinized, he would have been
barred from obtaining the relief to which he was due under
our Constitution. Unfortunately, poor conditions in prisons
across the country continue to pose potential constitutional
problems.3 Indigent prisoners who are Martinized are un-
able to come to this Court to challenge these unsafe condi-
tions and vindicate their constitutional rights.
In short, because time moves on after a person is impris-
oned and things happen, we simply do not and cannot know
whether indigent prisoners who have filed multiple "frivo-
lous" petitions in the past might have a meritorious claim
in the future. When liberty, bodily integrity, or fundamen-
tal fairness is at stake, preventing such litigants from ever
again accessing our review imperils our ability to provide
equal justice for all.
Meanwhile, the administrative burden involved in re-
viewing repeated (even frivolous) petitions filed by prison-
ers is minimal. It is the rare incarcerated person who has
the wherewithal to flood the Court with filings, at least in
the way that Martin, Sindram, and McDonald had done.
Practicalities ordinarily do not allow for this, since prison-
ers often lack regular access to paper, pens, envelopes, and
stamps. Pro se prisoners also usually handwrite their fil-
ings -- a time-intensive process. And, regardless, it is not
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 See, e.g., Dept. of Justice, Investigation of Alabama's State Prisons

for Men 5 -- 6 (Apr. 2, 2019), https://www.justice.gov/crt/case-document/
file/1149971/dl?inline= (detailing Alabama's failure to provide safe con-
ditions for its prisoners); Dept. of Justice, Investigation of Georgia Pris-
ons 3 (Oct. 1, 2024), https://www.justice.gov/d9/2024-09/
findings_report_-_investigation_of_georgia_prisons.pdf (describing
Georgia's failure to protect incarcerated people from violence).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

difficult for Court staff to sort out in forma pauperis filings
that raise new, potentially meritorious claims from repeti-
tive, meritless petitions.
I believe that when balancing prisoners' access to judicial
review, on the one hand, and reducing our administrative
burden, on the other, we should err on the side of keeping
our courthouse doors open. For a system designed to ad-
minister justice, reflexively rejecting (potentially meritori-
ous) petitions from incarcerated litigants has a cost that is
much too high when compared to the (meager) administra-
tive efficiency gains. Nor should we forget the role that in-
digent incarcerated litigants have played in the develop-
ment of important constitutional doctrines -- and through
habeas proceedings no less. See, e.g., Gideon v. Wain-
wright, (1963); see also Sindram, 498 U. S.,
at 181 (Marshall, J., dissenting).
Accordingly, I would not apply the filing bar that the
Court imposes for frequent "frivolous" filers to prisoners
who, like Howell, seek to proceed in forma pauperis.

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON delivered the opinion of the Court, ex-
cept as to Part IV -- C.*
This case concerns the relationship between two provi-
sions of 18 U. S. C.. The first, (1)(A)(i), crimi-
nalizes using, carrying, or possessing a firearm in connec-
tion with a federal crime of violence or drug trafficking
crime. The second, prescribes different penalties -- 
including, in certain circumstances, capital punishment -- 
when "a violation of subsection (c)" causes death.
Every defendant subject to subsection (j) has also, neces-
sarily, violated subsection (c). We consider here whether a
defendant who commits a single act that violates both
(1)(A)(i) and may be convicted only under one
provision or the other, or instead may suffer two convic-
tions.
All agree on the first step of the analysis: Subsection
(c)(1)(A)(i) and subsection (j) define the same offense under
the test set forth in Blockburger v. United States, (1932). That consensus carries us most of the way to
resolving this case, as we have long presumed that Con-
gress intends to authorize only one conviction per offense.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Part IV -- C of this opinion is joined only by THE CHIEF JUSTICE, JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR, and JUSTICE KAGAN.
2 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

We resolve the rest by concluding that this presumption
holds true here: Congress intended subsection (j) as an al-
ternative, not a supplement, to subsection (c)(1)(A)(i). At
the very least, Congress did not clearly manifest a contrary
intention, as it would have to do if it wished to authorize
two convictions in these circumstances. We thus reverse in
part the Second Circuit's contrary judgment.
I
Dwayne Barrett committed a series of robberies between
August 2011 and January 2012. During one, Barrett's con-
federate shot and killed Gamar Dafalla.
Of the seven charges on which Barrett was convicted,
three are relevant here. Count five charged Barrett with
Hobbs Act robbery of Dafalla under 18 U. S. C.. That
count served as the predicate for two more: Count six
charged Barrett with using a firearm during the commis-
sion of a crime of violence in violation of (1)(A)(i),1
and count seven charged him with thereby causing death in
violation of (1).2 A jury found Barrett guilty on all
seven counts, and the District Court sentenced Barrett to a
total term of 90 years of imprisonment.
Barrett has since been aided by two of our decisions. Af-
ter we decided United States v. Davis, (2019),
and vacated the Second Circuit's disposition of Barrett's

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Count six of the indictment technically charged Barrett with violating

18 U. S. C. (1)(A)(iii), which applies when the firearm is dis-
charged rather than simply used, carried, or possessed. See 102 F. 4th
60, 70, (CA2 2024). But the jury was charged with finding only that
Barrett possessed or used the firearm -- a violation of (1)(A)(i), not
(iii) -- and the District Court sentenced him in line with (1)(A)(i).
Before us, all agree that Barrett's count six conviction was for a violation
of (1)(A)(i).
2 In his petition for a writ of certiorari, Barrett sought review of

whether Hobbs Act robbery qualifies as a "crime of violence" such that it
can serve as a predicate for a (1) conviction. We did not grant
certiorari on that question, and do not pass on it here.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

direct appeal in light of that decision, the Second Circuit
vacated one of Barrett's convictions not at issue
here. See (2019) (granting Barrett's petition
for a writ of certiorari, vacating the judgment, and remand-
ing for further consideration in light of Davis); 937 F. 3d
126, 127 -- 128 (2019) (vacating the conviction). The District
Court then resentenced Barrett to 50 years in prison.
Twenty of those years came from concurrent sentences on
three Hobbs Act robbery counts, including, as relevant here,
count five. Twenty-five years came from a consecutive term
on count seven (the subsection (j) conviction), into which the
District Court merged count six (the subsection (c) convic-
tion).3
Then we decided Lora v. United States, 
(2023), which, like this case, addressed the relationship be-
tween subsections (c) and (j). Lora held that subsection (j)
does not incorporate subsection (c)'s consecutive-sentence
mandate. That mandate requires a subsection (c) sentence
to run consecutively to "any other term of imprisonment im-
posed on the person." (1)(D)(ii). It does not, we held
in Lora, require the same of a subsection (j) sentence. Id.,
at 459. When the District Court sentenced Barrett in this
case, it had been under the opposite impression. So Barrett
appealed again, and, bound by Lora, the Second Circuit va-
cated Barrett's sentence and remanded for another resen-
tencing. 102 F. 4th 60, 85 -- 88 (2024).
In doing so, the Court of Appeals also passed upon the
question that now comes before us. The District Court, re-
call, had declined to sentence Barrett separately on counts
six (under subsection (c)) and seven (under subsection (j)),
both of which had as their predicate the same fatal Dafalla
robbery charged in count five. The Court of Appeals re-
jected Barrett's argument that the Double Jeopardy Clause
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The remaining five years, not relevant here, came from a consecutive

mandatory minimum sentence on a different count.
4 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

required the District Court to stay that course when the
case returned for resentencing. The Court of Appeals did
acknowledge that the Government regularly concedes that
subsection (c)(1) and subsection (j) overlap and may not be
punished cumulatively -- a proposition with which the other
circuits regularly agree. Id., at 91, and (collecting
cases). And it recognized that the two provisions qualify as
the same offense under the governing test laid out in Block-
burger. 102 F. 4th, at 89 -- 90. But it believed that, "[a]s con-
strued in Lora," the two provisions "are separate offenses
for which Congress has clearly authorized cumulative pun-
ishments." Id., at 89.
Textually, the court pointed to (1)(D)(ii)'s mandate
that a subsection (c) sentence must run consecutively to any
other sentence -- including, the court reasoned, to one under
subsection (j). Id., at 90 -- 91. Practically, the court high-
lighted that a contrary ruling would permit defendants who
commit especially serious subsection (c) offenses -- ones re-
sulting in death -- to escape subsection (c)'s mandatory min-
imums, despite "Congress's intent for every defendant con-
victed under that statute... to be incarcerated for no less
than the stated minimum term." Id., at 90; see also id., at
93 -- 94. And, turning to precedent, the court perceived our
statement in Lora that subsection (j) evinced a " 'different
approach to punishment' " than subsection (c) to establish
that the two provisions define different offenses raising no
double jeopardy concerns. 102 F. 4th, at 92 -- 93. The Court of Appeals therefore instructed
the District Court to impose separate convictions and sen-
tences on counts six and seven.
Because the Second Circuit's decision deepened a split
among the Courts of Appeals, we granted certiorari. 604
U. S. ___ (2025).4 And because the Government agrees with
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Second Circuit's decision aligned with United States v. Julian,

633 F. 3d 1250, 1256 -- 1257 (CA11 2011). It diverged from most appellate
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

Barrett, we appointed an amicus curiae to defend the Sec-
ond Circuit's judgment.5 We now reverse the Second Cir-
cuit's judgment in relevant part.
II
A
When Congress passed 18 U. S. C. in 1968, the
new subsection "made it a discrete offense" to use or carry
a firearm in connection with a federal crime of violence or
drug trafficking crime, known as predicates. Abbott v.
United States, (2010).6 The original statute
left open two questions relevant to today's case. It did not
specify whether a subsection (c) conviction could coexist
with, or instead must displace, a conviction for the under-
lying predicate. And assuming two convictions could coex-
ist, it did not specify whether the two resulting sentences
should run concurrently or consecutively.
Congress answered both questions in 1971. On the first,
Congress made clear that a subsection (c) conviction must
be " 'in addition to the punishment provided for the commis-
sion of ' " the predicate; that is, a violation of subsection (c)
ought to result in two convictions, one for subsection (c) and
one for the predicate., 84 Stat. 1890. On the second,
Congress mandated that the two resulting sentences run
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts that have considered the question. See United States v. Ortiz-
Orellana, 90 F. 4th 689, 705 (CA4 2024) ("[A] sentencing court may not
impose cumulative punishments for and if those viola-
tions are based on the same conduct" ); United States v. Gonzales, 841 F. 3d
339, 358 (CA5 2016) (similar); United States v. García-Ortiz, 657 F. 3d
25, 28 -- 29 (CA1 2011) (similar).
5 We appointed Charles L. McCloud to brief and argue the case in sup-

port of the judgment below. 604 U. S. ___ (2025). Mr. McCloud has ably
discharged his responsibilities.
6 In response to our decision in Bailey v. United States, 

(1995), Congress later added "possession" to the list of subsection (c)'s
proscriptions, alongside use and carry. See United States v. O'Brien, -- 233 (2010).
6 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

consecutively, not concurrently: " '[T]he term of imprison-
ment imposed under this subsection [shall not] run concur-
rently with any term of imprisonment imposed for' " the
predicate. Ibid.
Congress later extended this second feature -- the consec-
utive-sentence mandate -- beyond the relationship between
subsection (c)'s sentence and the predicate's sentence, so
that the consecutive-sentence mandate applies as between
a subsection (c) sentence and "any other term of imprison-
ment." (1)(D)(ii); see United States v. Gonzales, (1997). Congress did not, however, expand the
double-conviction mandate. That mandate still instructs
only that a subsection (c)(1) conviction shall be "in addition
to the punishment provided for [the underlying] crime of vi-
olence or drug trafficking crime" -- that is, the predicate.
(1)(A).
Subsection (c) can be violated in several ways but all trig-
ger mandatory minimum sentences. Subsection (c)(1)(A)(i)
imposes a mandatory minimum sentence of five years;
other provisions within subsection (c)(1) impose mandatory
minimums up to life in prison, depending on the use and
type of weapon and the defendant's recidivist history. See
(1).7 So if the predicate offense carries a mandatory
minimum sentence of its own, then a defendant will face
" 'two consecutive mandatory minimum sentences for the
single use of a single firearm.' " Abbott, 562 U. S., at 20.
This case asks whether a different subsection of,
subsection (j), piles yet another layer of punishment atop -- 
resulting in three stacked convictions and sentences -- or in-
stead provides an alternative to subsection (c)(1)(A)(i).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 This too has changed over the years. Subsection (c) originally em-

ployed mandatory sentences -- exactly 5 years, exactly 10, and so on. See
O'Brien, 560 U. S., at 229. The statute traded its mandatory sentences
for mandatory minimums -- with no maximums -- in 1998. Ibid.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

B
Subsection (j) arrived "decades after subsection (c)."
Lora, 599 U. S., at 457. Congress added it in 1994, in a pro-
vision entitled "Death Penalty for Gun Murders During
Federal Crimes of Violence and Drug Trafficking Crimes.", 108 Stat. 1973. The new subsection supplied a dif-
ferent penalty scheme for subsection (c) violations that
cause death. Unlike subsection (c), subsection (j) did not
impose mandatory minimums. Instead, it authorized sig-
nificant maximum sentences -- including, true to the new
provision's name, the death penalty if the underlying viola-
tion is a murder:
"A person who, in the course of a violation of subsec-
tion (c), causes the death of a person through the use of
a firearm, shall -- 
"(1) if the killing is a murder (as defined in section
1111), be punished by death or by imprisonment for
any term of years or for life; and
"(2) if the killing is manslaughter (as defined in sec-
tion 1112), be punished as provided in that section.".
The references to and relate to the pre-exist-
ing murder and manslaughter statutes, respectively. Sec-
tion 1111 sets a maximum penalty of death or life impris-
onment for murder. 18 U. S. C.. And sets a
maximum penalty of 15 years for voluntary manslaughter
and 8 years for involuntary manslaughter..
Subsection (j) gave federal prosecutors tools they lacked
both in the pre-existing subsection (c) and in the pre-exist-
ing murder and manslaughter statutes. Subsection (c) does
not authorize the death penalty, for example. Subsection
(j) thus raised the ceiling of punishments authorized,
and, in doing so, offered prosecutors flexibility of another
sort: time. See ("An indictment for any offense pun-
ishable by death may be found at any time without
8 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

limitation"). Section 1111 -- the general federal murder
statute -- did already authorize the death penalty. But its
jurisdictional reach, as well as that of the manslaughter
statute, is limited to "the special maritime and ter-
ritorial jurisdiction of the United States.",
1112(b).8 The new subsection (j) had no such geographical
limitation; it borrowed instead subsection (c)'s broader ju-
risdictional hook. So subsection (j) expanded federal juris-
diction over more killings and authorized the death penalty
for those amounting to murder.
III
This case asks whether subsection (j) also increased the
number of convictions -- rather than simply the maximum
sentence -- that can result from a fatal violation of
(1)(A)(i). Barrett says it did not, and for support he
turns to the Fifth Amendment's Double Jeopardy Clause.
But while his argument arrives in constitutional garb, it
"cannot be separated entirely from a resolution of the ques-
tion of statutory construction." Whalen v. United States,
(1980). That is because "the question
whether punishments... are unconstitutionally multiple
cannot be resolved without determining what punishments
the Legislative Branch has authorized." Ibid. It is that
question of congressional authorization that we answer to-
day.9

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The "special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United

States" covers, among other things, "lands reserved or acquired for the
use of the United States, and under the exclusive or concurrent jurisdic-
tion thereof." 18 U. S. C.. It also pertains to locations like certain
"island[s], rock[s], or key[s] containing deposits of guano,", and
spaceships "while... in flight.".
9 Because we conclude that Congress did not authorize two convictions

in this context, we need not revisit whether Congress could do so con-
sistent with the Double Jeopardy Clause. See post, at 4 (GORSUCH, J.,
concurring in part).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

We undertake this exercise in statutory interpretation
with a thumb on the scale, in the form of the Blockburger
presumption. Named for Blockburger v. United States, the presumption instructs "that Congress ordi-
narily does not intend to punish the same offense under two
different statutes." Whalen, 445 U. S., at 691 -- 692.
The first step in the inquiry, then, is to determine
whether (1)(A)(i) and define the "same of-
fense." To make that determination, Blockburger requires
us to compare the provisions in question and ask whether
"each... requires proof of a fact which the other does not."
284 U. S., at 304. If the answer is yes, then the offenses
prescribed by each statute are different and the inquiry
generally ends. If the answer is no, then the statutes define
the same offense, and the Blockburger presumption is trig-
gered.
But because we have treated Blockburger as "a rule of
statutory construction to help determine legislative intent,"
we have said that its presumption can yield to a "plainly
expressed" intent to abandon it. Garrett v. United States,
-- 779 (1985); see also Whalen, 445 U. S.,
at 692 (requiring "a clear indication of contrary legislative
intent"). Accordingly, the second step of today's analysis
requires us to search for a clear manifestation of Congress's
intent to authorize more than one punishment.
All involved in this case share common ground as to the
first step of the analysis. The Court of Appeals, Barrett, the
Government, and Court-appointed amicus agree that
(1)(A)(i) and define the same offense.10 After
all, the relationship between subsection (c)(1)(A)(i) and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 We express no view as to whether the same is true as to other ver-

sions of the offense, as Barrett was convicted under
(1)(A)(i). Put differently, while we recognize that can be
violated in a number of ways, this case involves only the base offense
found at (1)(A)(i). Our holding therefore applies only to that
clause.
10 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

subsection (j) is "the classic relation of the 'lesser included
offense' to the greater offense," wherein "[t]he very same
conduct" violates two statutes, one which is fully subsumed
within the other. Garrett, 471 U. S., at 787. And all lesser
included offenses are the "same" as their greater cousins
under Blockburger. See Almendarez-Torres v. United
States, (1998) ("[T]he federal courts have
[long] presumed that Congress does not intend for a defend-
ant to be cumulatively punished for two crimes where one
crime is a lesser included offense of the other").
This case therefore turns on the analysis's second step:
discerning whether Congress clearly intended to authorize
multiple convictions for one act that violates both
(1)(A)(i) and. To ascertain such intent, we
turn to statutory text, structure, and (for those who accept
its help) legislative history. See Garrett, 471 U. S., at 779;
United States v. Woodward, (1985) (per
curiam) (consulting "[a]ll guides to legislative intent").
Only if those tools leave us certain that Congress intended
to break from its normal practice and authorize multiple
convictions for the same offense will we shed the presump-
tion.
IV
A
We begin with the text. Textual clues are critical because
"Congress [i]s aware of the Blockburger rule and legislate[s]
with it in mind." Albernaz v. United States, (1981). So Congress typically includes Blockburger-
surmounting language when it wishes to authorize dual
convictions for the same offense. See Brief for Petitioner
28, (listing examples).
1
The text of suggests strongly, perhaps conclusively,
that Congress did not disavow Blockburger here. Not for
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

lack of know-how: Congress twice wrote Blockburger-sur-
mounting language into subsection (c) itself. Congress
mandated that a (1) conviction must be "in addition
to the punishment provided for" the predicate, and it also
mandated that a (5) conviction -- for using or carry-
ing "armor piercing ammunition" -- must be "in addition to
the punishment provided for" the predicate "or conviction
under". See (1)(A), (c)(5). We have elsewhere
called such "in addition to" language "crystal clear" evi-
dence of a legislature's intent to overcome Blockburger.
Missouri v. Hunter, 368 (1983).11
In short, "[w]hen Congress has the will" to authorize dual
convictions for the same offense, Congress "has no difficulty
in expressing it." Bell v. United States, 
(1955). But Congress used no similar language with respect
to the interplay between subsection (c)(1) and subsection (j).
Its silence on the topic speaks volumes. See Albernaz, 450
U. S., at 341 -- 342.
2
Like the Court of Appeals, see 102 F. 4th, at 90 -- 93, ami-
cus challenges the premise of this assessment: He insists
that Congress has textually authorized dual convictions un-
der subsection (c)(1) and subsection (j). For proof, he points
to subsection (c)'s consecutive-sentence mandate. It reads:
"Notwithstanding any other provision of law... no
term of imprisonment imposed on a person under this
subsection shall run concurrently with any other term
of imprisonment imposed on the person, including any
term of imprisonment imposed for the crime of violence

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 Significant too is the fact that Congress added the " 'in addition to' "

language to (1) in 1971, see, 84 Stat. 1890, and passed
(5) in 2005, see, 119 Stat. 2102. Congress thus demon-
strated its ability to overcome Blockburger in subsection (c) both before
and after it passed subsection (j) in 1994.
12 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

or drug trafficking crime during which the firearm was
used, carried, or possessed." (1)(D)(ii).
As amicus would have it, this instruction permits -- actu-
ally, requires -- a subsection (c)(1) conviction to add on to
any other conviction, including one under subsection (j).
This deployment of the consecutive-sentence mandate
misunderstands today's inquiry. The argument attempts to
make Blockburger purely about sentences -- so that an in-
struction to run sentences consecutively rather than con-
currently makes clear Congress's intent to overcome the
presumption. But Blockburger addresses the permissibility
of multiple convictions, not just multiple sentences. "The
assumption underlying the Blockburger rule is that Con-
gress ordinarily does not intend to punish the same offense
under two different statutes," where "punishment" means
"a criminal conviction and not simply the imposition of sen-
tence." Ball v. United States, (1985). It
is for this reason that running sentences concurrently does
not avoid the problem; an unauthorized " 'second conviction,
even if it results in no greater sentence, is an impermissible
punishment.' " Rutledge v. United States, 
(1996).
Accordingly, 's consecutive-sentence mandate
simply speaks past the question in this case: whether one
act may result in two convictions. To that question it is no
answer to say, as the consecutive-sentence mandate does,
that a "term of imprisonment imposed" for a conviction
shall run consecutively to "any other term of imprisonment
imposed." (1)(D)(ii). Before the consecutive-sen-
tence mandate gains any relevance, a court must first de-
termine whether two punishments (convictions) may be im-
posed at all. Only if two convictions may coexist does a
court consult the consecutive-sentence mandate, to arrange
properly the resulting sentences.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

This description is not merely the law as it exists; it is the
law as Congress understands it. When Congress amended
subsection (c) in 1971, it added two distinct instructions, as
recited above. The first -- that a subsection (c)(1) conviction
must be "in addition to the punishment provided for" the
predicate -- answers the threshold question: May one act
spawn two convictions, one for subsection (c)(1) and one for
the predicate? The second -- the consecutive-sentence man-
date -- answers the follow-on question: Presuming the exist-
ence of two convictions, should their resulting sentences
run concurrently or consecutively? Cf. Dean v. United
States, -- 70 (2017) (describing these provi-
sions as "two" distinct "limitations"). Amicus would have
the second instruction answer the first question. But Con-
gress has already addressed it: A subsection (c)(1) convic-
tion adds to the predicate conviction. See (1)(A). No-
where does the statute prescribe the same in relation to a
subsection (j) conviction.12
3
Amicus's second textual argument is equally unavailing.
Turning away from the concrete and toward the abstract,
amicus tells us that subsection (c)(1) and subsection (j) have
different focuses. Subsection (c)(1), he points out, calibrates
its punishments to "the use of the firearm, the type of fire-
arm, and recidivism." Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus
Curiae 10. By contrast, subsection (j) focuses on something
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 Section 924(c) is not unique in this way. Congress frequently gives

these two distinct instructions, understanding that one speaks to the
dual-conviction question and the other to the sentence-arrangement is-
sue. See, e.g., 18 U. S. C. (2) (instructing that a conviction for
using false identification during and in relation to certain predicate fel-
onies shall be "in addition to the punishment provided for such felony"),
and (b)(2) (requiring in certain circumstances that the resulting addi-
tional sentence run consecutively to "any other term of imprisonment
imposed on the person under any other provision of law, including any
term of imprisonment imposed for the [predicate] felony").
14 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

"irrelevant" to subsection (c)(1): the harm (namely, death)
inflicted. Ibid. From this amicus urges us to conclude that
the two subsections "target different wrongs" and thus may
be punished cumulatively. Ibid.; see also id., at 17 -- 18.
In our search for congressional intent, we might in some
circumstances think that when two provisions focus on en-
tirely "different interests," that suggests Congress intended
them to accumulate rather than swap out. See United
States v. Dixon, (1993) (White, J., con-
curring in judgment in part and dissenting in part); see also
Albernaz, 450 U. S., at 343 (observing that the Court's con-
clusion about the permissibility of dual convictions was "re-
inforced by the fact that the two... statutes are directed to
separate evils"). Whatever those circumstances, this is not
one. Amicus stretches to find a common thread running
throughout subsection (c)(1) -- he bundles firearm use, fire-
arm type, and recidivism and places them in opposition to
harm. But it is not obvious that those three features form
a theme of any significance such that they can create the
contrast amicus wants to glean from them.
In any event, the conduct (or result) that differentiates a
greater offense from its lesser included offenses will often
introduce some new "focus." That reality cannot do much
to overcome the Blockburger presumption if the presump-
tion is to retain its force. See, e.g., Whalen, 445 U. S., at
691, 693 -- 694 (Blockburger not overcome, despite some
contrary statutory language, for convictions on charges of
(1) rape and (2) killing in the course of rape); Illinois v. Vi-
tale, -- 421 (1980) (Blockburger not over-
come as between felony and felony murder); Harris v. Ok-
lahoma, -- 683 (1977) (per curiam) (same).
In sum, if Congress expressed any will to overcome Block-
burger in this scenario, it must be found somewhere other
than the statutory text.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

B
Failing textual support, amicus turns to the statute's op-
eration and structure. But this ground proves only slightly
more fertile. Primarily, amicus fears that defendants con-
victed of and sentenced under subsection (j) will be re-
warded with more lenient sentences than those convicted of
the less serious subsection (c)(1) offense. He points out that
subsection (c)(1) imposes mandatory minimums while sub-
section (j) speaks in terms of maximums. And he insists
that, rather than let subsection (j) offenders out from under
subsection (c)(1)'s mandatory minimums, Congress must
have intended to authorize subsection (c)(1)'s mandatory
minimums plus any punishment doled out under subsec-
tion (j). Cf. Abbott, 562 U. S., at 21 (rejecting construction
of under which "the worst offenders would often se-
cure the shortest sentences").
Lora answers this concern without breaking a sweat.
There, we explained that subsection (j) -- along with several
other provisions enacted simultaneously -- "eschews man-
datory penalties in favor of sentencing flexibility." 599
U. S., at 462. It was not lost on us in Lora, nor is it now,
that subsection (j) defines an especially serious offense.
Subsection (j) simply "reflects th[at] seriousness... using a
different approach than subsection (c)'s mandatory penal-
ties": by authorizing the death penalty for murder and "the
same harsh punishment that the Federal Criminal Code
prescribes for other manslaughters." Id., at 463. It is for
this reason, among others, that Lora -- anticipating the
question this case presents -- explained that our conclusion
in that case "aligns with" the mutually exclusive relation-
ship between subsection (c)(1)(A)(i) and subsection (j) that
we endorse today. Id., at 461.
Just as subsection (j)'s seriousness is not lost on us, we
are confident -- as Congress apparently was -- that it will not
be lost on sentencing judges. Bound by 18 U. S. C. 
to craft a sentence that, among other considerations,
16 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

reflects "the seriousness of the offense" and avoids "unwar-
ranted sentence disparities" among similarly situated de-
fendants, sentencing judges will doubtless recognize the
relevance of a victim's death when sentencing under sub-
section (j). Amicus's worry thus strikes us as more theoret-
ical than realistic. But if it threatens to manifest, it is not
without remedy: If, in a given case, prosecutors fear that a
subsection (j) sentence will dip below what subsection
(c)(1)(A)(i) would otherwise guarantee, they are free to
choose subsection (c)(1)(A)(i)'s low-end rigidity over subsec-
tion (j)'s high-end flexibility. See Ball, 470 U. S., at 860 -- 
861, nn. 7 -- 8.13
There is a textual answer to this concern, too, and here
(again) (5) plays the foil. That provision, which per-
tains to the use of armor-piercing ammunition, states that,
"in addition to the punishment provided for" the predicate
"or conviction under this section," a defendant shall face a
mandatory minimum sentence of 15 years "and," if death
results, shall be sentenced in accordance with a scheme
that mirrors subsection (j)'s. (Emphasis added.) This illus-
trates that, when Congress wished to preserve a mandatory
minimum it feared might otherwise disappear, it so speci-
fied. But subsection (j), we explained in Lora, is "cast from
a different mold." 599 U. S., at 461.
Next, amicus highlights the physical separation in the
U. S. Code between subsections (c)(1) and (j). And he un-
derscores their independent operation, emphasizing that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 Amicus molds this same basic argument into many forms, sketching

situations in which the maximum sentence under subsection (j) could, at
times, dip below the minimum sentence under subsection (c)(1) (though
not under subsection (c)(1)(A)(i)). See, e.g., Brief for Court-Appointed
Amicus Curiae 47,. But the most this line of attack shows is that
Congress could rationally have designed subsection (j) to supplement ra-
ther than provide an alternative to subsection (c)(1). It does not come
close to showing that Congress actually intended to do so, much less that
it has clearly indicated such intent.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

subsection (j)'s sentencing scheme operates without refer-
ence to subsection (c)'s.
We have not bought such arguments before. Consider,
for instance, the statutes at issue in Ball -- statutes whose
elements overlapped but whose sentencing schemes di-
verged. Those provisions, which were then located at 18
U. S. C. and 1202(a), prohibited certain categories
of people from, respectively, receiving and possessing cer-
tain firearms. The provisions occupied parts of the Code
much farther apart than the subsections of at issue
here. And in United States v. Batchelder, 
(1979), we explained that each statute, "in conjunction with
its own sentencing provision, operate[d] independently of
the other," such that the statutes were "each fully enforce-
able on [their] own terms." Id., at 118 -- 121. We therefore
concluded that the provisions did not incorporate each
other's penalties. Id., at 119. Yet, six years later (in Ball),
we concluded that the two independent provisions were also
mutually exclusive under Blockburger. See Ball, 470 U. S.,
at 861 -- 864.
What Batchelder is to Ball, Lora is to this case. Subsec-
tion (j) shares subsection (c)'s elements but not its sentenc-
ing scheme. See Lora, 599 U. S., at 458 -- 459. "Instead, sub-
section (j) supplies its own comprehensive set of penalties
that apply instead of subsection (c)'s." Id., at 460. And as
in Ball, this dynamic magnifies (rather than eliminates) the
likelihood that the Blockburger presumption holds true. Af-
ter all, if offenses that share elements -- as they must to sat-
isfy Blockburger -- have penalties that operate on their own
rather than by reference to each other, see Batchelder, 442
U. S., at 118 -- 121; Lora, 599 U. S., at 458 -- 459, that sug-
gests Congress intended to place in front of prosecutors a
menu, not a buffet. Accord, Jeffers v. United States, -- 157 (1977) (plurality opinion) (one provi-
sion's "comprehensive penalty structure" indicated that it
18 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

was not intended to supplement a lesser included provi-
sion).
Finally, amicus analogizes this case to Garrett, in which
we found Blockburger overcome even without express stat-
utory language disclaiming the presumption. Garrett ex-
amined the relationship between the continuing criminal
enterprise (CCE) statute and its constituent offenses. See
471 U. S., at 779 -- 781.
The distinctions from Garrett are legion, because the jus-
tifications we offered for that decision are legion. But, most
straightforwardly, Garrett distinguished "the classic rela-
tion of the 'lesser included offense' to the greater offense,"
wherein "[t]he very same conduct" violates two statutes.
Id., at 787 (contrasting Brown v. Ohio, (1977),
which involved joyriding and auto theft -- both of which
were violated by driving a stolen car). In Garrett, by con-
trast, "the continuing criminal enterprise was alleged to
have spanned more than five years." 471 U. S., at 788. The
Court did not believe that Congress wished to require the
Government to choose between prosecuting the defendant
for early predicates and forfeiting a later CCE charge, on
the one hand, and allowing him to go on breaking the law
to preserve the possibility of a CCE charge, on the other.
Id., at 788 -- 790. The continuing nature of the offense
played a decisive role in the case: "One who insists that the
music stop and the piper be paid at a particular point," we
reasoned, "must at least have stopped dancing himself be-
fore he may seek such an accounting." Id., at 790.14

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 We have also explained that Garrett "merely adhered to our under-

standing that legislatures have traditionally perceived a qualitative dif-
ference between conspiracy-like crimes and the substantive offenses
upon which they are predicated." Rutledge v. United States, -- 301, (1996). The case before us now does not implicate
that dynamic.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

Today's circumstances are markedly different. Here, we
have nothing more than "the classic relation of the 'lesser
included offense' to the greater offense." Id., at 787.
C
Amicus turns finally to legislative history. We have said
that legislative history may "fortif[y]" a conclusion that
Congress intends to overcome Blockburger. See Garrett,
471 U. S., at 782. But the legislative history amicus offers
pertains to double convicting for subsection (c) and its pred-
icates -- a practice Congress expressly authorized in the
text. See Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus Curiae 26 -- 28.
For obvious reasons, this is unhelpful data for interpreting
the relationship between subsections (c) and (j). If any-
thing, it illuminates the sort of discussion that character-
izes congressional deliberation over legislation that does in-
tend to authorize cumulative punishment -- and thus
highlights the notable absence of any similar deliberation
over subsection (j). See Brief for National Association of
Criminal Defense Lawyers as Amicus Curiae 5 -- 10.
Rather, the only legislative history that is relevant to to-
day's inquiry accords with Barrett's understanding of sub-
section (j). That legislative history suggests that, rather
than stacking punishment or creating a brand "[n]ew...
offens[e]," subsection (j) (at the time styled subsection (i))
"made" a "capital offens[e]" out of a "[p]re-existing
crim[e]" -- the one at subsection (c). Cong. Research Serv.,
C. Doyle, Crime Control Act of 1994: Capital Punishment
Provisions Summarized, pp. 3 -- 4 (94 -- 721 S, 1994); see also
140 Cong. Rec. 11158 (1994) (Sen. Biden remarking that the
new provision "says if you are guilty of committing a crime
that results in the death of an individual through the use of
a gun, you are eligible for the death penalty, assuming it is
a Federal crime").
Like its silence in the statutory text, Congress's debate-
floor silence says a lot. The Blockburger presumption is
20 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

"long-settled," Gamble v. United States, 
(2019), muscular, and fundamental to our law. We think it
highly unlikely that the " 'lawyer's body' " that is Congress,
Albernaz, 450 U. S., at 341 ), discarded Blockburger
without comment here.
* * *
Congress has not authorized convictions under both 18
U. S. C. (1)(A)(i) and (j) for one act that violates
both provisions. The part of the judgment of the Court of
Appeals that held otherwise is reversed, and the case is re-
manded for further proceedings consistent with this opin-
ion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 5774
_________________

DWAYNE BARRETT, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT
[January 14, 2026]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, concurring in part.
On the morning of December 12, 2011, Dwayne Barrett
participated in an armed robbery that left a man dead. For
this, Mr. Barrett was convicted twice in federal court. Once
for using a firearm during a crime of violence under 18
U. S. C. (1)(A). And once for causing a death during
a violation in violation of. 102 F. 4th 60, 67
(CA2 2024). For his two convictions, the Second Circuit or-
dered two separate punishments: a prison term for his
(1)(A) violation, plus another, consecutive prison
term for his violation. All of which raises the ques-
tion: If Mr. Barrett is convicted and punished for both
crimes, has he been "twice put in jeopardy" for "the same
offence" in violation of the Double Jeopardy Clause? U. S.
Const., Amdt. 5.
There is no doubt how we would answer that question if
the government had prosecuted Mr. Barrett under
(1)(A) and in two successive proceedings.
The analysis would begin and end with Blockburger v.
United States, (1932). Under Blockburger,
two provisions create the same offense for double jeopardy
purposes unless each provision has an element the other
lacks. Id., at 304. Here, all agree that (1)(A) has no
element that lacks. So the two provisions create the
same offense, and the Double Jeopardy Clause would bar
2 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

the second prosecution. United States v. Dixon, (1993).
What happens, though, where (as here) the government
brings two charges for the same offense concurrently in the
same proceeding rather than successively in two separate
ones? That question does not appear to have arisen much
in our Nation's early years. Maybe it didn't in part because
criminal codes were considerably thinner then, affording
prosecutors fewer opportunities to bring overlapping
charges. Maybe it didn't in part, too, because of the tradi-
tional maxim that "an indictment should not include more
than one felony," which left multiple-count indictments vul-
nerable to being quashed by trial judges. Pointer v. United
States, (1894). But if the question didn't
arise much in the past, it is of obvious relevance in our
times. These days, federal and state criminal codes have
exploded, with scores of repetitive offenses on the books.
Frequently, also, today's prosecutors bring as many over-
lapping felony charges as they can in a single case to see
what will stick, and courts often tolerate the practice.
The litigants before us proceed on the unexamined prem-
ise that Blockburger works differently in concurrent prose-
cutions than it does in successive ones. In concurrent pros-
ecutions, they assume, Blockburger operates as a mere
"presumption" for ascertaining congressional "inten[t]."
E.g., Brief for Petitioner 2 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). Because (1)(A) and create the same of-
fense under Blockburger, they say, we should presume that
just one of Mr. Barrett's convictions can stand unless Con-
gress has clearly directed otherwise. The only question that
divides the litigants is whether, in fact, Congress included
clear directions in authorizing both convictions. See
Brief for Petitioner 18 -- 26; Brief for United States 15 -- 23;
Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus Curiae 15 -- 28.
Addressing the case as the litigants have framed it, the
Court today holds that nothing in overcomes the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

"Blockburger presumption," so only one of Mr. Barrett's con-
victions can stand. Ante, at 1 -- 2, 9. I agree with that as far
as it goes. But it's also hard not to wonder where the liti-
gants' presumptive version of Blockburger comes from. If
the Constitution always prohibits the government from se-
curing two convictions for the same offense in successive
prosecutions, why would it sometimes tolerate a different
result in concurrent prosecutions?
One thing here is certain. The litigants framed this case
the way they did because our cases speak confusingly about
the role of the Double Jeopardy Clause in concurrent pros-
ecutions. This Court has sometimes said that the Clause
" 'protects against multiple punishments for the same of-
fense.' " Schiro v. Farley, (1994) ). And
we have held that multiple convictions for the same of-
fense -- even when secured in a single proceeding -- count as
multiple punishments. Ball v. United States, (1985). From this, it would seem to follow that Con-
gress cannot authorize multiple convictions for the same of-
fense in concurrent prosecutions. But this Court has also
sometimes said that, in the concurrent-prosecution context,
the Clause merely directs courts to ascertain statutory
meaning accurately. " 'The question of what punishments
are constitutionally permissible,'" we once wrote, "'is no dif-
ferent from the question of what punishments the Legisla-
tive Branch intended to be imposed.' " Missouri v. Hunter,
(1983) ; emphasis added; altera-
tion omitted); see also Garrett v. United States, (1985).
Someday, we will need to resolve the tension in our case
law. And when we do, I see two likely solutions. One would
be to say out loud what some of our cases imply: that the
constitutional phrase "the same offence," Amdt. 5, means
different things in different contexts. In the successive-
4 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

prosecution context, two charges amount to the same of-
fense if they fail the Blockburger test. But in the concur-
rent-prosecution context, two charges amount to the same
offense only if they fail the Blockburger test and Congress
has not clearly intended punishment under both. That so-
lution, though, would be a curious one indeed. Not only
would it allow Congress to permit in the concurrent-prose-
cution context what we have long held the Constitution for-
bids in the successive-prosecution context. Really, it is a
little "embarrassing to assert that the single term 'same of-
fence' " in the Double Jeopardy Clause "has two different
meanings." Dixon, 509 U. S., at 704.
A second solution would be to recognize, as others of our
cases imply, that two charges amount to the same offense
under the Double Jeopardy Clause if they fail the Block-
burger test -- full stop. So a defendant cannot be prosecuted
for both charges in successive proceedings. Nor may he be
convicted twice (much less sentenced twice) for both
charges just because they happen to be brought concur-
rently. True, this approach would require us to admit that
Blockburger is not, after all, a mere presumption in the con-
current-prosecution context. But saying that much would
give the constitutional phrase "the same offence" a con-
sistent meaning and treat like cases alike.
Nor would taking that step represent some giant leap.
Our cases discussing Blockburger as a mere presumption in
the concurrent-prosecution context were decided during a
relatively brief period when this Court didn't take Block-
burger very seriously in any context, even when it came to
successive prosecutions. See Grady v. Corbin, (1990) (finding a double jeopardy violation based
on a same-transaction test, divorced from Blockburger).
Since then, however, we have expressly renounced that ap-
proach, reaffirming that Blockburger's "long-settled rule"
controls what counts as "an 'offence' for double jeopardy
purposes" in successive prosecutions. Gamble v. United
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

States, (2019); see also Dixon, 509 U. S.,
at 696, 704 (overruling Grady). Tellingly, too, in all the
years since Dixon, we have not found a single case in which
the "Blockburger presumption" against concurrent prosecu-
tions for the same offense was, in fact, overcome by a clear
congressional command. Cf. Rutledge v. United States, (1996) (rejecting the government's argument
that "the presumption against allowing multiple punish-
ments for the same crime" was "overcome"). In short, the
analytical foundations of the presumptive version of Block-
burger have been gravely undermined by subsequent devel-
opments.
Perhaps some might worry about the consequences of this
second solution. Today, after all, prosecutors routinely
bring concurrent charges for greater offenses and their
lesser included variants, giving juries several degrees of
culpability to choose from. One might wonder whether af-
fording the Double Jeopardy Clause the same meaning in
the concurrent-prosecution context that it already enjoys in
the successive-prosecution context would render this prac-
tice illegal. It would not. A jury could reach a guilty verdict
on two charges that constitute the same offense, but no dou-
ble jeopardy problem would arise so long as the court does
not enter judgments of conviction on both. It may not be
clear at a trial's outset which charge (if any) will yield a
conviction. But it will be certain all along that, when judg-
ment day comes, the defendant will be convicted and pun-
ished only once for any given offense. See Ball, 470 U. S.,
at 865.
Today, to be sure, the Court has no occasion to tangle
with any of this. The parties have not asked us to address
the tension in our case law. Nor does anything here turn
on its resolution, given the Court's holding that one of Mr.
Barrett's convictions must go even under the merely pre-
sumptive version of Blockburger. All this, the Court rightly
takes care to acknowledge. See ante, at 8, ("Because
6 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

we conclude that Congress did not authorize two convic-
tions in this context, we need not revisit whether Congress
could do so consistent with the Double Jeopardy Clause").
On that understanding, I join all but Part IV -- C of
JUSTICE JACKSON's opinion. But while today's decision is
correct as far as it goes, sooner or later we will have to clear
up the confusion -- and to my eyes, this case serves as a
poster child for how that confusion should be resolved. Mr.
Barrett really was charged twice for one offense. He really
was convicted twice. Before our intervention, he really was
set to be criminally punished twice. And whatever Con-
gress might or might not intend, that is double jeopardy.

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON delivered the opinion of the Court, ex-
cept as to Part IV -- C.*
This case concerns the relationship between two provi-
sions of 18 U. S. C.. The first, (1)(A)(i), crimi-
nalizes using, carrying, or possessing a firearm in connec-
tion with a federal crime of violence or drug trafficking
crime. The second, prescribes different penalties -- 
including, in certain circumstances, capital punishment -- 
when "a violation of subsection (c)" causes death.
Every defendant subject to subsection (j) has also, neces-
sarily, violated subsection (c). We consider here whether a
defendant who commits a single act that violates both
(1)(A)(i) and may be convicted only under one
provision or the other, or instead may suffer two convic-
tions.
All agree on the first step of the analysis: Subsection
(c)(1)(A)(i) and subsection (j) define the same offense under
the test set forth in Blockburger v. United States, (1932). That consensus carries us most of the way to
resolving this case, as we have long presumed that Con-
gress intends to authorize only one conviction per offense.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Part IV -- C of this opinion is joined only by THE CHIEF JUSTICE, JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR, and JUSTICE KAGAN.
2 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

We resolve the rest by concluding that this presumption
holds true here: Congress intended subsection (j) as an al-
ternative, not a supplement, to subsection (c)(1)(A)(i). At
the very least, Congress did not clearly manifest a contrary
intention, as it would have to do if it wished to authorize
two convictions in these circumstances. We thus reverse in
part the Second Circuit's contrary judgment.
I
Dwayne Barrett committed a series of robberies between
August 2011 and January 2012. During one, Barrett's con-
federate shot and killed Gamar Dafalla.
Of the seven charges on which Barrett was convicted,
three are relevant here. Count five charged Barrett with
Hobbs Act robbery of Dafalla under 18 U. S. C.. That
count served as the predicate for two more: Count six
charged Barrett with using a firearm during the commis-
sion of a crime of violence in violation of (1)(A)(i),1
and count seven charged him with thereby causing death in
violation of (1).2 A jury found Barrett guilty on all
seven counts, and the District Court sentenced Barrett to a
total term of 90 years of imprisonment.
Barrett has since been aided by two of our decisions. Af-
ter we decided United States v. Davis, (2019),
and vacated the Second Circuit's disposition of Barrett's

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Count six of the indictment technically charged Barrett with violating

18 U. S. C. (1)(A)(iii), which applies when the firearm is dis-
charged rather than simply used, carried, or possessed. See 102 F. 4th
60, 70, (CA2 2024). But the jury was charged with finding only that
Barrett possessed or used the firearm -- a violation of (1)(A)(i), not
(iii) -- and the District Court sentenced him in line with (1)(A)(i).
Before us, all agree that Barrett's count six conviction was for a violation
of (1)(A)(i).
2 In his petition for a writ of certiorari, Barrett sought review of

whether Hobbs Act robbery qualifies as a "crime of violence" such that it
can serve as a predicate for a (1) conviction. We did not grant
certiorari on that question, and do not pass on it here.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

direct appeal in light of that decision, the Second Circuit
vacated one of Barrett's convictions not at issue
here. See (2019) (granting Barrett's petition
for a writ of certiorari, vacating the judgment, and remand-
ing for further consideration in light of Davis); 937 F. 3d
126, 127 -- 128 (2019) (vacating the conviction). The District
Court then resentenced Barrett to 50 years in prison.
Twenty of those years came from concurrent sentences on
three Hobbs Act robbery counts, including, as relevant here,
count five. Twenty-five years came from a consecutive term
on count seven (the subsection (j) conviction), into which the
District Court merged count six (the subsection (c) convic-
tion).3
Then we decided Lora v. United States, 
(2023), which, like this case, addressed the relationship be-
tween subsections (c) and (j). Lora held that subsection (j)
does not incorporate subsection (c)'s consecutive-sentence
mandate. That mandate requires a subsection (c) sentence
to run consecutively to "any other term of imprisonment im-
posed on the person." (1)(D)(ii). It does not, we held
in Lora, require the same of a subsection (j) sentence. Id.,
at 459. When the District Court sentenced Barrett in this
case, it had been under the opposite impression. So Barrett
appealed again, and, bound by Lora, the Second Circuit va-
cated Barrett's sentence and remanded for another resen-
tencing. 102 F. 4th 60, 85 -- 88 (2024).
In doing so, the Court of Appeals also passed upon the
question that now comes before us. The District Court, re-
call, had declined to sentence Barrett separately on counts
six (under subsection (c)) and seven (under subsection (j)),
both of which had as their predicate the same fatal Dafalla
robbery charged in count five. The Court of Appeals re-
jected Barrett's argument that the Double Jeopardy Clause
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The remaining five years, not relevant here, came from a consecutive

mandatory minimum sentence on a different count.
4 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

required the District Court to stay that course when the
case returned for resentencing. The Court of Appeals did
acknowledge that the Government regularly concedes that
subsection (c)(1) and subsection (j) overlap and may not be
punished cumulatively -- a proposition with which the other
circuits regularly agree. Id., at 91, and (collecting
cases). And it recognized that the two provisions qualify as
the same offense under the governing test laid out in Block-
burger. 102 F. 4th, at 89 -- 90. But it believed that, "[a]s con-
strued in Lora," the two provisions "are separate offenses
for which Congress has clearly authorized cumulative pun-
ishments." Id., at 89.
Textually, the court pointed to (1)(D)(ii)'s mandate
that a subsection (c) sentence must run consecutively to any
other sentence -- including, the court reasoned, to one under
subsection (j). Id., at 90 -- 91. Practically, the court high-
lighted that a contrary ruling would permit defendants who
commit especially serious subsection (c) offenses -- ones re-
sulting in death -- to escape subsection (c)'s mandatory min-
imums, despite "Congress's intent for every defendant con-
victed under that statute... to be incarcerated for no less
than the stated minimum term." Id., at 90; see also id., at
93 -- 94. And, turning to precedent, the court perceived our
statement in Lora that subsection (j) evinced a " 'different
approach to punishment' " than subsection (c) to establish
that the two provisions define different offenses raising no
double jeopardy concerns. 102 F. 4th, at 92 -- 93. The Court of Appeals therefore instructed
the District Court to impose separate convictions and sen-
tences on counts six and seven.
Because the Second Circuit's decision deepened a split
among the Courts of Appeals, we granted certiorari. 604
U. S. ___ (2025).4 And because the Government agrees with
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Second Circuit's decision aligned with United States v. Julian,

633 F. 3d 1250, 1256 -- 1257 (CA11 2011). It diverged from most appellate
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

Barrett, we appointed an amicus curiae to defend the Sec-
ond Circuit's judgment.5 We now reverse the Second Cir-
cuit's judgment in relevant part.
II
A
When Congress passed 18 U. S. C. in 1968, the
new subsection "made it a discrete offense" to use or carry
a firearm in connection with a federal crime of violence or
drug trafficking crime, known as predicates. Abbott v.
United States, (2010).6 The original statute
left open two questions relevant to today's case. It did not
specify whether a subsection (c) conviction could coexist
with, or instead must displace, a conviction for the under-
lying predicate. And assuming two convictions could coex-
ist, it did not specify whether the two resulting sentences
should run concurrently or consecutively.
Congress answered both questions in 1971. On the first,
Congress made clear that a subsection (c) conviction must
be " 'in addition to the punishment provided for the commis-
sion of ' " the predicate; that is, a violation of subsection (c)
ought to result in two convictions, one for subsection (c) and
one for the predicate., 84 Stat. 1890. On the second,
Congress mandated that the two resulting sentences run
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts that have considered the question. See United States v. Ortiz-
Orellana, 90 F. 4th 689, 705 (CA4 2024) ("[A] sentencing court may not
impose cumulative punishments for and if those viola-
tions are based on the same conduct" ); United States v. Gonzales, 841 F. 3d
339, 358 (CA5 2016) (similar); United States v. García-Ortiz, 657 F. 3d
25, 28 -- 29 (CA1 2011) (similar).
5 We appointed Charles L. McCloud to brief and argue the case in sup-

port of the judgment below. 604 U. S. ___ (2025). Mr. McCloud has ably
discharged his responsibilities.
6 In response to our decision in Bailey v. United States, 

(1995), Congress later added "possession" to the list of subsection (c)'s
proscriptions, alongside use and carry. See United States v. O'Brien, -- 233 (2010).
6 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

consecutively, not concurrently: " '[T]he term of imprison-
ment imposed under this subsection [shall not] run concur-
rently with any term of imprisonment imposed for' " the
predicate. Ibid.
Congress later extended this second feature -- the consec-
utive-sentence mandate -- beyond the relationship between
subsection (c)'s sentence and the predicate's sentence, so
that the consecutive-sentence mandate applies as between
a subsection (c) sentence and "any other term of imprison-
ment." (1)(D)(ii); see United States v. Gonzales, (1997). Congress did not, however, expand the
double-conviction mandate. That mandate still instructs
only that a subsection (c)(1) conviction shall be "in addition
to the punishment provided for [the underlying] crime of vi-
olence or drug trafficking crime" -- that is, the predicate.
(1)(A).
Subsection (c) can be violated in several ways but all trig-
ger mandatory minimum sentences. Subsection (c)(1)(A)(i)
imposes a mandatory minimum sentence of five years;
other provisions within subsection (c)(1) impose mandatory
minimums up to life in prison, depending on the use and
type of weapon and the defendant's recidivist history. See
(1).7 So if the predicate offense carries a mandatory
minimum sentence of its own, then a defendant will face
" 'two consecutive mandatory minimum sentences for the
single use of a single firearm.' " Abbott, 562 U. S., at 20.
This case asks whether a different subsection of,
subsection (j), piles yet another layer of punishment atop -- 
resulting in three stacked convictions and sentences -- or in-
stead provides an alternative to subsection (c)(1)(A)(i).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 This too has changed over the years. Subsection (c) originally em-

ployed mandatory sentences -- exactly 5 years, exactly 10, and so on. See
O'Brien, 560 U. S., at 229. The statute traded its mandatory sentences
for mandatory minimums -- with no maximums -- in 1998. Ibid.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

B
Subsection (j) arrived "decades after subsection (c)."
Lora, 599 U. S., at 457. Congress added it in 1994, in a pro-
vision entitled "Death Penalty for Gun Murders During
Federal Crimes of Violence and Drug Trafficking Crimes.", 108 Stat. 1973. The new subsection supplied a dif-
ferent penalty scheme for subsection (c) violations that
cause death. Unlike subsection (c), subsection (j) did not
impose mandatory minimums. Instead, it authorized sig-
nificant maximum sentences -- including, true to the new
provision's name, the death penalty if the underlying viola-
tion is a murder:
"A person who, in the course of a violation of subsec-
tion (c), causes the death of a person through the use of
a firearm, shall -- 
"(1) if the killing is a murder (as defined in section
1111), be punished by death or by imprisonment for
any term of years or for life; and
"(2) if the killing is manslaughter (as defined in sec-
tion 1112), be punished as provided in that section.".
The references to and relate to the pre-exist-
ing murder and manslaughter statutes, respectively. Sec-
tion 1111 sets a maximum penalty of death or life impris-
onment for murder. 18 U. S. C.. And sets a
maximum penalty of 15 years for voluntary manslaughter
and 8 years for involuntary manslaughter..
Subsection (j) gave federal prosecutors tools they lacked
both in the pre-existing subsection (c) and in the pre-exist-
ing murder and manslaughter statutes. Subsection (c) does
not authorize the death penalty, for example. Subsection
(j) thus raised the ceiling of punishments authorized,
and, in doing so, offered prosecutors flexibility of another
sort: time. See ("An indictment for any offense pun-
ishable by death may be found at any time without
8 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

limitation"). Section 1111 -- the general federal murder
statute -- did already authorize the death penalty. But its
jurisdictional reach, as well as that of the manslaughter
statute, is limited to "the special maritime and ter-
ritorial jurisdiction of the United States.",
1112(b).8 The new subsection (j) had no such geographical
limitation; it borrowed instead subsection (c)'s broader ju-
risdictional hook. So subsection (j) expanded federal juris-
diction over more killings and authorized the death penalty
for those amounting to murder.
III
This case asks whether subsection (j) also increased the
number of convictions -- rather than simply the maximum
sentence -- that can result from a fatal violation of
(1)(A)(i). Barrett says it did not, and for support he
turns to the Fifth Amendment's Double Jeopardy Clause.
But while his argument arrives in constitutional garb, it
"cannot be separated entirely from a resolution of the ques-
tion of statutory construction." Whalen v. United States,
(1980). That is because "the question
whether punishments... are unconstitutionally multiple
cannot be resolved without determining what punishments
the Legislative Branch has authorized." Ibid. It is that
question of congressional authorization that we answer to-
day.9

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The "special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United

States" covers, among other things, "lands reserved or acquired for the
use of the United States, and under the exclusive or concurrent jurisdic-
tion thereof." 18 U. S. C.. It also pertains to locations like certain
"island[s], rock[s], or key[s] containing deposits of guano,", and
spaceships "while... in flight.".
9 Because we conclude that Congress did not authorize two convictions

in this context, we need not revisit whether Congress could do so con-
sistent with the Double Jeopardy Clause. See post, at 4 (GORSUCH, J.,
concurring in part).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

We undertake this exercise in statutory interpretation
with a thumb on the scale, in the form of the Blockburger
presumption. Named for Blockburger v. United States, the presumption instructs "that Congress ordi-
narily does not intend to punish the same offense under two
different statutes." Whalen, 445 U. S., at 691 -- 692.
The first step in the inquiry, then, is to determine
whether (1)(A)(i) and define the "same of-
fense." To make that determination, Blockburger requires
us to compare the provisions in question and ask whether
"each... requires proof of a fact which the other does not."
284 U. S., at 304. If the answer is yes, then the offenses
prescribed by each statute are different and the inquiry
generally ends. If the answer is no, then the statutes define
the same offense, and the Blockburger presumption is trig-
gered.
But because we have treated Blockburger as "a rule of
statutory construction to help determine legislative intent,"
we have said that its presumption can yield to a "plainly
expressed" intent to abandon it. Garrett v. United States,
-- 779 (1985); see also Whalen, 445 U. S.,
at 692 (requiring "a clear indication of contrary legislative
intent"). Accordingly, the second step of today's analysis
requires us to search for a clear manifestation of Congress's
intent to authorize more than one punishment.
All involved in this case share common ground as to the
first step of the analysis. The Court of Appeals, Barrett, the
Government, and Court-appointed amicus agree that
(1)(A)(i) and define the same offense.10 After
all, the relationship between subsection (c)(1)(A)(i) and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 We express no view as to whether the same is true as to other ver-

sions of the offense, as Barrett was convicted under
(1)(A)(i). Put differently, while we recognize that can be
violated in a number of ways, this case involves only the base offense
found at (1)(A)(i). Our holding therefore applies only to that
clause.
10 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

subsection (j) is "the classic relation of the 'lesser included
offense' to the greater offense," wherein "[t]he very same
conduct" violates two statutes, one which is fully subsumed
within the other. Garrett, 471 U. S., at 787. And all lesser
included offenses are the "same" as their greater cousins
under Blockburger. See Almendarez-Torres v. United
States, (1998) ("[T]he federal courts have
[long] presumed that Congress does not intend for a defend-
ant to be cumulatively punished for two crimes where one
crime is a lesser included offense of the other").
This case therefore turns on the analysis's second step:
discerning whether Congress clearly intended to authorize
multiple convictions for one act that violates both
(1)(A)(i) and. To ascertain such intent, we
turn to statutory text, structure, and (for those who accept
its help) legislative history. See Garrett, 471 U. S., at 779;
United States v. Woodward, (1985) (per
curiam) (consulting "[a]ll guides to legislative intent").
Only if those tools leave us certain that Congress intended
to break from its normal practice and authorize multiple
convictions for the same offense will we shed the presump-
tion.
IV
A
We begin with the text. Textual clues are critical because
"Congress [i]s aware of the Blockburger rule and legislate[s]
with it in mind." Albernaz v. United States, (1981). So Congress typically includes Blockburger-
surmounting language when it wishes to authorize dual
convictions for the same offense. See Brief for Petitioner
28, (listing examples).
1
The text of suggests strongly, perhaps conclusively,
that Congress did not disavow Blockburger here. Not for
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

lack of know-how: Congress twice wrote Blockburger-sur-
mounting language into subsection (c) itself. Congress
mandated that a (1) conviction must be "in addition
to the punishment provided for" the predicate, and it also
mandated that a (5) conviction -- for using or carry-
ing "armor piercing ammunition" -- must be "in addition to
the punishment provided for" the predicate "or conviction
under". See (1)(A), (c)(5). We have elsewhere
called such "in addition to" language "crystal clear" evi-
dence of a legislature's intent to overcome Blockburger.
Missouri v. Hunter, 368 (1983).11
In short, "[w]hen Congress has the will" to authorize dual
convictions for the same offense, Congress "has no difficulty
in expressing it." Bell v. United States, 
(1955). But Congress used no similar language with respect
to the interplay between subsection (c)(1) and subsection (j).
Its silence on the topic speaks volumes. See Albernaz, 450
U. S., at 341 -- 342.
2
Like the Court of Appeals, see 102 F. 4th, at 90 -- 93, ami-
cus challenges the premise of this assessment: He insists
that Congress has textually authorized dual convictions un-
der subsection (c)(1) and subsection (j). For proof, he points
to subsection (c)'s consecutive-sentence mandate. It reads:
"Notwithstanding any other provision of law... no
term of imprisonment imposed on a person under this
subsection shall run concurrently with any other term
of imprisonment imposed on the person, including any
term of imprisonment imposed for the crime of violence

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 Significant too is the fact that Congress added the " 'in addition to' "

language to (1) in 1971, see, 84 Stat. 1890, and passed
(5) in 2005, see, 119 Stat. 2102. Congress thus demon-
strated its ability to overcome Blockburger in subsection (c) both before
and after it passed subsection (j) in 1994.
12 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

or drug trafficking crime during which the firearm was
used, carried, or possessed." (1)(D)(ii).
As amicus would have it, this instruction permits -- actu-
ally, requires -- a subsection (c)(1) conviction to add on to
any other conviction, including one under subsection (j).
This deployment of the consecutive-sentence mandate
misunderstands today's inquiry. The argument attempts to
make Blockburger purely about sentences -- so that an in-
struction to run sentences consecutively rather than con-
currently makes clear Congress's intent to overcome the
presumption. But Blockburger addresses the permissibility
of multiple convictions, not just multiple sentences. "The
assumption underlying the Blockburger rule is that Con-
gress ordinarily does not intend to punish the same offense
under two different statutes," where "punishment" means
"a criminal conviction and not simply the imposition of sen-
tence." Ball v. United States, (1985). It
is for this reason that running sentences concurrently does
not avoid the problem; an unauthorized " 'second conviction,
even if it results in no greater sentence, is an impermissible
punishment.' " Rutledge v. United States, 
(1996).
Accordingly, 's consecutive-sentence mandate
simply speaks past the question in this case: whether one
act may result in two convictions. To that question it is no
answer to say, as the consecutive-sentence mandate does,
that a "term of imprisonment imposed" for a conviction
shall run consecutively to "any other term of imprisonment
imposed." (1)(D)(ii). Before the consecutive-sen-
tence mandate gains any relevance, a court must first de-
termine whether two punishments (convictions) may be im-
posed at all. Only if two convictions may coexist does a
court consult the consecutive-sentence mandate, to arrange
properly the resulting sentences.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

This description is not merely the law as it exists; it is the
law as Congress understands it. When Congress amended
subsection (c) in 1971, it added two distinct instructions, as
recited above. The first -- that a subsection (c)(1) conviction
must be "in addition to the punishment provided for" the
predicate -- answers the threshold question: May one act
spawn two convictions, one for subsection (c)(1) and one for
the predicate? The second -- the consecutive-sentence man-
date -- answers the follow-on question: Presuming the exist-
ence of two convictions, should their resulting sentences
run concurrently or consecutively? Cf. Dean v. United
States, -- 70 (2017) (describing these provi-
sions as "two" distinct "limitations"). Amicus would have
the second instruction answer the first question. But Con-
gress has already addressed it: A subsection (c)(1) convic-
tion adds to the predicate conviction. See (1)(A). No-
where does the statute prescribe the same in relation to a
subsection (j) conviction.12
3
Amicus's second textual argument is equally unavailing.
Turning away from the concrete and toward the abstract,
amicus tells us that subsection (c)(1) and subsection (j) have
different focuses. Subsection (c)(1), he points out, calibrates
its punishments to "the use of the firearm, the type of fire-
arm, and recidivism." Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus
Curiae 10. By contrast, subsection (j) focuses on something
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 Section 924(c) is not unique in this way. Congress frequently gives

these two distinct instructions, understanding that one speaks to the
dual-conviction question and the other to the sentence-arrangement is-
sue. See, e.g., 18 U. S. C. (2) (instructing that a conviction for
using false identification during and in relation to certain predicate fel-
onies shall be "in addition to the punishment provided for such felony"),
and (b)(2) (requiring in certain circumstances that the resulting addi-
tional sentence run consecutively to "any other term of imprisonment
imposed on the person under any other provision of law, including any
term of imprisonment imposed for the [predicate] felony").
14 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

"irrelevant" to subsection (c)(1): the harm (namely, death)
inflicted. Ibid. From this amicus urges us to conclude that
the two subsections "target different wrongs" and thus may
be punished cumulatively. Ibid.; see also id., at 17 -- 18.
In our search for congressional intent, we might in some
circumstances think that when two provisions focus on en-
tirely "different interests," that suggests Congress intended
them to accumulate rather than swap out. See United
States v. Dixon, (1993) (White, J., con-
curring in judgment in part and dissenting in part); see also
Albernaz, 450 U. S., at 343 (observing that the Court's con-
clusion about the permissibility of dual convictions was "re-
inforced by the fact that the two... statutes are directed to
separate evils"). Whatever those circumstances, this is not
one. Amicus stretches to find a common thread running
throughout subsection (c)(1) -- he bundles firearm use, fire-
arm type, and recidivism and places them in opposition to
harm. But it is not obvious that those three features form
a theme of any significance such that they can create the
contrast amicus wants to glean from them.
In any event, the conduct (or result) that differentiates a
greater offense from its lesser included offenses will often
introduce some new "focus." That reality cannot do much
to overcome the Blockburger presumption if the presump-
tion is to retain its force. See, e.g., Whalen, 445 U. S., at
691, 693 -- 694 (Blockburger not overcome, despite some
contrary statutory language, for convictions on charges of
(1) rape and (2) killing in the course of rape); Illinois v. Vi-
tale, -- 421 (1980) (Blockburger not over-
come as between felony and felony murder); Harris v. Ok-
lahoma, -- 683 (1977) (per curiam) (same).
In sum, if Congress expressed any will to overcome Block-
burger in this scenario, it must be found somewhere other
than the statutory text.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

B
Failing textual support, amicus turns to the statute's op-
eration and structure. But this ground proves only slightly
more fertile. Primarily, amicus fears that defendants con-
victed of and sentenced under subsection (j) will be re-
warded with more lenient sentences than those convicted of
the less serious subsection (c)(1) offense. He points out that
subsection (c)(1) imposes mandatory minimums while sub-
section (j) speaks in terms of maximums. And he insists
that, rather than let subsection (j) offenders out from under
subsection (c)(1)'s mandatory minimums, Congress must
have intended to authorize subsection (c)(1)'s mandatory
minimums plus any punishment doled out under subsec-
tion (j). Cf. Abbott, 562 U. S., at 21 (rejecting construction
of under which "the worst offenders would often se-
cure the shortest sentences").
Lora answers this concern without breaking a sweat.
There, we explained that subsection (j) -- along with several
other provisions enacted simultaneously -- "eschews man-
datory penalties in favor of sentencing flexibility." 599
U. S., at 462. It was not lost on us in Lora, nor is it now,
that subsection (j) defines an especially serious offense.
Subsection (j) simply "reflects th[at] seriousness... using a
different approach than subsection (c)'s mandatory penal-
ties": by authorizing the death penalty for murder and "the
same harsh punishment that the Federal Criminal Code
prescribes for other manslaughters." Id., at 463. It is for
this reason, among others, that Lora -- anticipating the
question this case presents -- explained that our conclusion
in that case "aligns with" the mutually exclusive relation-
ship between subsection (c)(1)(A)(i) and subsection (j) that
we endorse today. Id., at 461.
Just as subsection (j)'s seriousness is not lost on us, we
are confident -- as Congress apparently was -- that it will not
be lost on sentencing judges. Bound by 18 U. S. C. 
to craft a sentence that, among other considerations,
16 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

reflects "the seriousness of the offense" and avoids "unwar-
ranted sentence disparities" among similarly situated de-
fendants, sentencing judges will doubtless recognize the
relevance of a victim's death when sentencing under sub-
section (j). Amicus's worry thus strikes us as more theoret-
ical than realistic. But if it threatens to manifest, it is not
without remedy: If, in a given case, prosecutors fear that a
subsection (j) sentence will dip below what subsection
(c)(1)(A)(i) would otherwise guarantee, they are free to
choose subsection (c)(1)(A)(i)'s low-end rigidity over subsec-
tion (j)'s high-end flexibility. See Ball, 470 U. S., at 860 -- 
861, nn. 7 -- 8.13
There is a textual answer to this concern, too, and here
(again) (5) plays the foil. That provision, which per-
tains to the use of armor-piercing ammunition, states that,
"in addition to the punishment provided for" the predicate
"or conviction under this section," a defendant shall face a
mandatory minimum sentence of 15 years "and," if death
results, shall be sentenced in accordance with a scheme
that mirrors subsection (j)'s. (Emphasis added.) This illus-
trates that, when Congress wished to preserve a mandatory
minimum it feared might otherwise disappear, it so speci-
fied. But subsection (j), we explained in Lora, is "cast from
a different mold." 599 U. S., at 461.
Next, amicus highlights the physical separation in the
U. S. Code between subsections (c)(1) and (j). And he un-
derscores their independent operation, emphasizing that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 Amicus molds this same basic argument into many forms, sketching

situations in which the maximum sentence under subsection (j) could, at
times, dip below the minimum sentence under subsection (c)(1) (though
not under subsection (c)(1)(A)(i)). See, e.g., Brief for Court-Appointed
Amicus Curiae 47,. But the most this line of attack shows is that
Congress could rationally have designed subsection (j) to supplement ra-
ther than provide an alternative to subsection (c)(1). It does not come
close to showing that Congress actually intended to do so, much less that
it has clearly indicated such intent.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

subsection (j)'s sentencing scheme operates without refer-
ence to subsection (c)'s.
We have not bought such arguments before. Consider,
for instance, the statutes at issue in Ball -- statutes whose
elements overlapped but whose sentencing schemes di-
verged. Those provisions, which were then located at 18
U. S. C. and 1202(a), prohibited certain categories
of people from, respectively, receiving and possessing cer-
tain firearms. The provisions occupied parts of the Code
much farther apart than the subsections of at issue
here. And in United States v. Batchelder, 
(1979), we explained that each statute, "in conjunction with
its own sentencing provision, operate[d] independently of
the other," such that the statutes were "each fully enforce-
able on [their] own terms." Id., at 118 -- 121. We therefore
concluded that the provisions did not incorporate each
other's penalties. Id., at 119. Yet, six years later (in Ball),
we concluded that the two independent provisions were also
mutually exclusive under Blockburger. See Ball, 470 U. S.,
at 861 -- 864.
What Batchelder is to Ball, Lora is to this case. Subsec-
tion (j) shares subsection (c)'s elements but not its sentenc-
ing scheme. See Lora, 599 U. S., at 458 -- 459. "Instead, sub-
section (j) supplies its own comprehensive set of penalties
that apply instead of subsection (c)'s." Id., at 460. And as
in Ball, this dynamic magnifies (rather than eliminates) the
likelihood that the Blockburger presumption holds true. Af-
ter all, if offenses that share elements -- as they must to sat-
isfy Blockburger -- have penalties that operate on their own
rather than by reference to each other, see Batchelder, 442
U. S., at 118 -- 121; Lora, 599 U. S., at 458 -- 459, that sug-
gests Congress intended to place in front of prosecutors a
menu, not a buffet. Accord, Jeffers v. United States, -- 157 (1977) (plurality opinion) (one provi-
sion's "comprehensive penalty structure" indicated that it
18 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

was not intended to supplement a lesser included provi-
sion).
Finally, amicus analogizes this case to Garrett, in which
we found Blockburger overcome even without express stat-
utory language disclaiming the presumption. Garrett ex-
amined the relationship between the continuing criminal
enterprise (CCE) statute and its constituent offenses. See
471 U. S., at 779 -- 781.
The distinctions from Garrett are legion, because the jus-
tifications we offered for that decision are legion. But, most
straightforwardly, Garrett distinguished "the classic rela-
tion of the 'lesser included offense' to the greater offense,"
wherein "[t]he very same conduct" violates two statutes.
Id., at 787 (contrasting Brown v. Ohio, (1977),
which involved joyriding and auto theft -- both of which
were violated by driving a stolen car). In Garrett, by con-
trast, "the continuing criminal enterprise was alleged to
have spanned more than five years." 471 U. S., at 788. The
Court did not believe that Congress wished to require the
Government to choose between prosecuting the defendant
for early predicates and forfeiting a later CCE charge, on
the one hand, and allowing him to go on breaking the law
to preserve the possibility of a CCE charge, on the other.
Id., at 788 -- 790. The continuing nature of the offense
played a decisive role in the case: "One who insists that the
music stop and the piper be paid at a particular point," we
reasoned, "must at least have stopped dancing himself be-
fore he may seek such an accounting." Id., at 790.14

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 We have also explained that Garrett "merely adhered to our under-

standing that legislatures have traditionally perceived a qualitative dif-
ference between conspiracy-like crimes and the substantive offenses
upon which they are predicated." Rutledge v. United States, -- 301, (1996). The case before us now does not implicate
that dynamic.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

Today's circumstances are markedly different. Here, we
have nothing more than "the classic relation of the 'lesser
included offense' to the greater offense." Id., at 787.
C
Amicus turns finally to legislative history. We have said
that legislative history may "fortif[y]" a conclusion that
Congress intends to overcome Blockburger. See Garrett,
471 U. S., at 782. But the legislative history amicus offers
pertains to double convicting for subsection (c) and its pred-
icates -- a practice Congress expressly authorized in the
text. See Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus Curiae 26 -- 28.
For obvious reasons, this is unhelpful data for interpreting
the relationship between subsections (c) and (j). If any-
thing, it illuminates the sort of discussion that character-
izes congressional deliberation over legislation that does in-
tend to authorize cumulative punishment -- and thus
highlights the notable absence of any similar deliberation
over subsection (j). See Brief for National Association of
Criminal Defense Lawyers as Amicus Curiae 5 -- 10.
Rather, the only legislative history that is relevant to to-
day's inquiry accords with Barrett's understanding of sub-
section (j). That legislative history suggests that, rather
than stacking punishment or creating a brand "[n]ew...
offens[e]," subsection (j) (at the time styled subsection (i))
"made" a "capital offens[e]" out of a "[p]re-existing
crim[e]" -- the one at subsection (c). Cong. Research Serv.,
C. Doyle, Crime Control Act of 1994: Capital Punishment
Provisions Summarized, pp. 3 -- 4 (94 -- 721 S, 1994); see also
140 Cong. Rec. 11158 (1994) (Sen. Biden remarking that the
new provision "says if you are guilty of committing a crime
that results in the death of an individual through the use of
a gun, you are eligible for the death penalty, assuming it is
a Federal crime").
Like its silence in the statutory text, Congress's debate-
floor silence says a lot. The Blockburger presumption is
20 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

"long-settled," Gamble v. United States, 
(2019), muscular, and fundamental to our law. We think it
highly unlikely that the " 'lawyer's body' " that is Congress,
Albernaz, 450 U. S., at 341 ), discarded Blockburger
without comment here.
* * *
Congress has not authorized convictions under both 18
U. S. C. (1)(A)(i) and (j) for one act that violates
both provisions. The part of the judgment of the Court of
Appeals that held otherwise is reversed, and the case is re-
manded for further proceedings consistent with this opin-
ion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 5774
_________________

DWAYNE BARRETT, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT
[January 14, 2026]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, concurring in part.
On the morning of December 12, 2011, Dwayne Barrett
participated in an armed robbery that left a man dead. For
this, Mr. Barrett was convicted twice in federal court. Once
for using a firearm during a crime of violence under 18
U. S. C. (1)(A). And once for causing a death during
a violation in violation of. 102 F. 4th 60, 67
(CA2 2024). For his two convictions, the Second Circuit or-
dered two separate punishments: a prison term for his
(1)(A) violation, plus another, consecutive prison
term for his violation. All of which raises the ques-
tion: If Mr. Barrett is convicted and punished for both
crimes, has he been "twice put in jeopardy" for "the same
offence" in violation of the Double Jeopardy Clause? U. S.
Const., Amdt. 5.
There is no doubt how we would answer that question if
the government had prosecuted Mr. Barrett under
(1)(A) and in two successive proceedings.
The analysis would begin and end with Blockburger v.
United States, (1932). Under Blockburger,
two provisions create the same offense for double jeopardy
purposes unless each provision has an element the other
lacks. Id., at 304. Here, all agree that (1)(A) has no
element that lacks. So the two provisions create the
same offense, and the Double Jeopardy Clause would bar
2 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

the second prosecution. United States v. Dixon, (1993).
What happens, though, where (as here) the government
brings two charges for the same offense concurrently in the
same proceeding rather than successively in two separate
ones? That question does not appear to have arisen much
in our Nation's early years. Maybe it didn't in part because
criminal codes were considerably thinner then, affording
prosecutors fewer opportunities to bring overlapping
charges. Maybe it didn't in part, too, because of the tradi-
tional maxim that "an indictment should not include more
than one felony," which left multiple-count indictments vul-
nerable to being quashed by trial judges. Pointer v. United
States, (1894). But if the question didn't
arise much in the past, it is of obvious relevance in our
times. These days, federal and state criminal codes have
exploded, with scores of repetitive offenses on the books.
Frequently, also, today's prosecutors bring as many over-
lapping felony charges as they can in a single case to see
what will stick, and courts often tolerate the practice.
The litigants before us proceed on the unexamined prem-
ise that Blockburger works differently in concurrent prose-
cutions than it does in successive ones. In concurrent pros-
ecutions, they assume, Blockburger operates as a mere
"presumption" for ascertaining congressional "inten[t]."
E.g., Brief for Petitioner 2 (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). Because (1)(A) and create the same of-
fense under Blockburger, they say, we should presume that
just one of Mr. Barrett's convictions can stand unless Con-
gress has clearly directed otherwise. The only question that
divides the litigants is whether, in fact, Congress included
clear directions in authorizing both convictions. See
Brief for Petitioner 18 -- 26; Brief for United States 15 -- 23;
Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus Curiae 15 -- 28.
Addressing the case as the litigants have framed it, the
Court today holds that nothing in overcomes the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

"Blockburger presumption," so only one of Mr. Barrett's con-
victions can stand. Ante, at 1 -- 2, 9. I agree with that as far
as it goes. But it's also hard not to wonder where the liti-
gants' presumptive version of Blockburger comes from. If
the Constitution always prohibits the government from se-
curing two convictions for the same offense in successive
prosecutions, why would it sometimes tolerate a different
result in concurrent prosecutions?
One thing here is certain. The litigants framed this case
the way they did because our cases speak confusingly about
the role of the Double Jeopardy Clause in concurrent pros-
ecutions. This Court has sometimes said that the Clause
" 'protects against multiple punishments for the same of-
fense.' " Schiro v. Farley, (1994) ). And
we have held that multiple convictions for the same of-
fense -- even when secured in a single proceeding -- count as
multiple punishments. Ball v. United States, (1985). From this, it would seem to follow that Con-
gress cannot authorize multiple convictions for the same of-
fense in concurrent prosecutions. But this Court has also
sometimes said that, in the concurrent-prosecution context,
the Clause merely directs courts to ascertain statutory
meaning accurately. " 'The question of what punishments
are constitutionally permissible,'" we once wrote, "'is no dif-
ferent from the question of what punishments the Legisla-
tive Branch intended to be imposed.' " Missouri v. Hunter,
(1983) ; emphasis added; altera-
tion omitted); see also Garrett v. United States, (1985).
Someday, we will need to resolve the tension in our case
law. And when we do, I see two likely solutions. One would
be to say out loud what some of our cases imply: that the
constitutional phrase "the same offence," Amdt. 5, means
different things in different contexts. In the successive-
4 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

prosecution context, two charges amount to the same of-
fense if they fail the Blockburger test. But in the concur-
rent-prosecution context, two charges amount to the same
offense only if they fail the Blockburger test and Congress
has not clearly intended punishment under both. That so-
lution, though, would be a curious one indeed. Not only
would it allow Congress to permit in the concurrent-prose-
cution context what we have long held the Constitution for-
bids in the successive-prosecution context. Really, it is a
little "embarrassing to assert that the single term 'same of-
fence' " in the Double Jeopardy Clause "has two different
meanings." Dixon, 509 U. S., at 704.
A second solution would be to recognize, as others of our
cases imply, that two charges amount to the same offense
under the Double Jeopardy Clause if they fail the Block-
burger test -- full stop. So a defendant cannot be prosecuted
for both charges in successive proceedings. Nor may he be
convicted twice (much less sentenced twice) for both
charges just because they happen to be brought concur-
rently. True, this approach would require us to admit that
Blockburger is not, after all, a mere presumption in the con-
current-prosecution context. But saying that much would
give the constitutional phrase "the same offence" a con-
sistent meaning and treat like cases alike.
Nor would taking that step represent some giant leap.
Our cases discussing Blockburger as a mere presumption in
the concurrent-prosecution context were decided during a
relatively brief period when this Court didn't take Block-
burger very seriously in any context, even when it came to
successive prosecutions. See Grady v. Corbin, (1990) (finding a double jeopardy violation based
on a same-transaction test, divorced from Blockburger).
Since then, however, we have expressly renounced that ap-
proach, reaffirming that Blockburger's "long-settled rule"
controls what counts as "an 'offence' for double jeopardy
purposes" in successive prosecutions. Gamble v. United
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

States, (2019); see also Dixon, 509 U. S.,
at 696, 704 (overruling Grady). Tellingly, too, in all the
years since Dixon, we have not found a single case in which
the "Blockburger presumption" against concurrent prosecu-
tions for the same offense was, in fact, overcome by a clear
congressional command. Cf. Rutledge v. United States, (1996) (rejecting the government's argument
that "the presumption against allowing multiple punish-
ments for the same crime" was "overcome"). In short, the
analytical foundations of the presumptive version of Block-
burger have been gravely undermined by subsequent devel-
opments.
Perhaps some might worry about the consequences of this
second solution. Today, after all, prosecutors routinely
bring concurrent charges for greater offenses and their
lesser included variants, giving juries several degrees of
culpability to choose from. One might wonder whether af-
fording the Double Jeopardy Clause the same meaning in
the concurrent-prosecution context that it already enjoys in
the successive-prosecution context would render this prac-
tice illegal. It would not. A jury could reach a guilty verdict
on two charges that constitute the same offense, but no dou-
ble jeopardy problem would arise so long as the court does
not enter judgments of conviction on both. It may not be
clear at a trial's outset which charge (if any) will yield a
conviction. But it will be certain all along that, when judg-
ment day comes, the defendant will be convicted and pun-
ished only once for any given offense. See Ball, 470 U. S.,
at 865.
Today, to be sure, the Court has no occasion to tangle
with any of this. The parties have not asked us to address
the tension in our case law. Nor does anything here turn
on its resolution, given the Court's holding that one of Mr.
Barrett's convictions must go even under the merely pre-
sumptive version of Blockburger. All this, the Court rightly
takes care to acknowledge. See ante, at 8, ("Because
6 BARRETT v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., concurring in part

we conclude that Congress did not authorize two convic-
tions in this context, we need not revisit whether Congress
could do so consistent with the Double Jeopardy Clause").
On that understanding, I join all but Part IV -- C of
JUSTICE JACKSON's opinion. But while today's decision is
correct as far as it goes, sooner or later we will have to clear
up the confusion -- and to my eyes, this case serves as a
poster child for how that confusion should be resolved. Mr.
Barrett really was charged twice for one offense. He really
was convicted twice. Before our intervention, he really was
set to be criminally punished twice. And whatever Con-
gress might or might not intend, that is double jeopardy.

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting from the grant of applica-
tion for stay.
As is becoming routine, the Government seeks an emer-
gency stay of a District Court's preliminary injunction
pending appeal. As is also becoming routine, this Court
misunderstands the assignment.
Our task in deciding stay applications is not simply to
make a "back-of-the-napkin assessment of which party has
the better legal argument." Noem v. Doe, 605 U. S. ___, ___
(2025) (JACKSON, J., dissenting from grant of stay). Rather, the actual nub of the project (if we choose to
involve ourselves in the matter at all) is to fairly determine
whether the applicant's showing justifies our extraordinary
intervention. To do this, we consider not only the appli-
cant's likelihood of success on the merits, but also whether
the applicant will suffer irreparable harm absent emer-
gency intervention, as well as the relative harm to the par-
ties and the public interest in the grant or denial of a stay.
See Nken v. Holder, (2009). Here, the
balance-of-the-equities factor requires weighing the harm
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

to the Government from not being able to proceed immedi-
ately with its allegedly unlawful policy against the harm to
the individuals who would be subjected to that policy. See
Williams v. Zbaraz, (1979) (Stevens, J., in
chambers). Balancing the equities is an important part of
the analysis because it avoids unnecessary real-world in-
jury to people with colorable legal claims.
The Court ignores these critical limits on its equitable
discretion today. The Government seeks to enforce a ques-
tionably legal new policy immediately, but it offers no evi-
dence that it will suffer any harm if it is temporarily en-
joined from doing so, while the plaintiffs will be subject to
imminent, concrete injury if the policy goes into effect. The
Court nonetheless fails to spill any ink considering the
plaintiffs, opting instead to intervene in the Government's
favor without equitable justification, and in a manner that
permits harm to be inflicted on the most vulnerable party.
Such senseless sidestepping of the obvious equitable out-
come has become an unfortunate pattern.1 So, too, has my
own refusal to look the other way when basic principles are
selectively discarded. This Court has once again paved the
way for the immediate infliction of injury without adequate
(or, really, any) justification. Because I cannot acquiesce to
this pointless but painful perversion of our equitable discre-
tion, I respectfully dissent.
I
For the past 33 years, across six Presidential administra-
tions, transgender Americans have been able to obtain U. S.
passports with sex markers that match their gender
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See, e.g., Noem v. National TPS Alliance, 606 U. S. ___ (2025); Noem

v. Vasquez Perdomo, 606 U. S. ___ (2025); McMahon v. New York, 606
U. S. ___ (2025); Department of Homeland Security v. D. V. D., 606 U. S.
___ (2025); Social Security Administration v. American Federation of
State, County, and Municipal Employees, 605 U. S. ___ (2025); Noem v.
Doe, 605 U. S. ___ (2025); Department of Ed. v. California, 
(2025) (per curiam).
4 TRUMP v. ORR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

identity. From 1992 to 2010, passport applicants who
wished to obtain passports with sex markers that were dif-
ferent from the sex assigned to them at birth had to submit
evidence of surgical reassignment. In 2010, the State De-
partment began allowing passport applicants to submit a
doctor's certification avowing that they had undergone clin-
ical treatment for gender transition. Beginning in 2021, the
State Department allowed applicants to self-select the sex
marker that matched their gender identity.
Through it all, the indisputable point of a passport re-
mained: to "attes[t] to the identity and nationality of the
bearer." 22 CFR.1 (2024). The State Department's sex-
marker policies have thus long demonstrated that what is
important for identification purposes is the bearer's gender
identity today.
No matter. On January 22, 2025, the agency overhauled
the rules for sex markers on passports, reverting to its pre-
1992 practices. Its Passport Policy now requires that all
new passports reflect the holders' sex assigned at birth.
Why? Because two days earlier, on January 20, President
Trump issued Executive Order No. 14168, characterizing
transgender identity as "false" and "corrosive" to American
society. 90 Fed. Reg. 8615 (2025). The order asserted that
"the policy of the United States" is "to recognize two sexes,
male and female," which it defined based on the sex as-
signed "at conception." Ibid. And the order directed the
Secretary of State to require that any new government-is-
sued identification documents reflect the holder's "biologi-
cal" sex. Id., at 8615 -- 8616. The State Department re-
sponded by rescinding its prior sex-identification policies
moving forward; transgender Americans who had previ-
ously obtained passports with sex markers reflecting their
gender identity rather than their sex assigned at birth
could continue to use those documents until they expire.
Several transgender Americans who want or need to ob-
tain new passports filed a putative class action in the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

District of Massachusetts, challenging the State Depart-
ment's decision to upend 33 years of settled practice. They
claimed that the Passport Policy violated the Equal Protec-
tion Clause twice over: It unlawfully discriminated on the
basis of sex, and it lacked any rational basis because it was
motivated by bare animus against transgender Americans.
In addition, they claimed that the Passport Policy violated
the Administrative Procedure Act (APA) insofar as it was
arbitrary and capricious and was enacted without ob-
servance of the procedures that another statute -- the Pa-
perwork Reduction Act -- requires.2
The District Court thoroughly examined the facts in evi-
dence, considered applicable law, and issued a 56-page de-
cision. It also issued an order preliminarily enjoining the
Government from enforcing the Passport Policy against the
plaintiffs. The court made a reasoned determination that
the plaintiffs were likely to succeed on their legal claims,
that they would suffer concrete and irreparable injuries
without an injunction, and that, by contrast, the Govern-
ment would experience no harm from an injunction tempo-
rarily preventing it from enforcing the new policy.
The Government appealed this order, and its appeal re-
mains pending before the First Circuit. Two months later,
the District Court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class
certification and extended the preliminary injunction to a
subset of the certified classes. The Government unsuccess-
fully sought a stay of the District Court's orders (from both
the District Court and the First Circuit) pending appeal.
So, the Government has now turned to this Court for a
stay -- and, for the first time, it has found an obliging audi-
ence.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Paperwork Reduction Act requires federal agencies to provide 60-

day notice in the Federal Register before changing government forms
that collect information. 44 U. S. C. (2)(A).
6 TRUMP v. ORR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

II
First principles of equitable relief illuminate the extent,
and nature, of the Court's error in granting this stay.
Stated succinctly, the indisputable touchstone of equity is
fairness. See Black's Law Dictionary 679 (12th ed. 2024)
(defining "equity" as "[t]he body of principles constituting
what is fair and right"). Courts proceeding in equity "loo[k]
for justice on both sides of the suit and beyond." P. Hoffer,
The Law's Conscience 14 (1990). To do so, we consider, in
addition to the merits, whether the movant will be irrepa-
rably harmed absent relief. Amoco Production Co. v. Gam-
bell, (1987). And we balance the harms
that each party might face with and without court interven-
tion. Ibid.
Where intervention is appropriate, the remedy must be
tailored to "the peculiar rights of all the parties in interest."
1 J. Story, Commentaries on Equity Jurisprudence,
p. 21 (13th ed. 1886). Indeed, the Court makes equitable
determinations in light of "the necessities of the particular
case." Hecht Co. v. Bowles, (1944).
Courts exercising equity jurisdiction are not "mechanically
obligated" to award relief "for every violation of law." Wein-
berger v. Romero-Barcelo, (1982). Nor
will courts sitting in equity grant relief if doing so would
burden one party and be "of little advantage" to the other.
Di Giovanni v. Camden Fire Ins. Assn., 
(1935).
These key principles are necessarily applicable to prelim-
inary injunctions and other interim orders, which are forms
of equitable relief. See Winter v. Natural Resources Defense
Council, Inc., (2008) ("An injunction is a mat-
ter of equitable discretion"); Trump v. International Refugee
Assistance Project, (2017) (per curiam)
("In assessing the lower courts' exercise of equitable discre-
tion, we bring to bear an equitable judgment of our own").
Just last Term, we emphasized, for example, that "[t]he
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

purpose of a preliminary injunction is merely to preserve
the relative positions of the parties until a trial on the mer-
its can be held, and to balance the equities as the litigation
moves forward." Lackey v. Stinnie, 
(2025) (internal quotation marks and citation omitted). A
stay decision, made "before the legality" of the challenged
government action "has been conclusively determined," pre-
sents a similar question. Nken, 556 U. S., at 434.3 With
these kinds of interim decisions, courts must, among other
things, "balance the competing claims of injury and must
consider the effect on each party of the granting or with-
holding of the requested relief." Amoco Production Co., 480
U. S., at 542.
Fortunately, here, the lower courts have already done
this critical work. Based on its evaluation of the evidence
related to the Passport Policy, the District Court reasonably
determined that the plaintiffs were likely to suffer irrepa-
rable harm absent injunctive relief, and that the balance of
the equities favored the plaintiffs. See 778 F. Supp. 3d 394,
426 -- 429 (Mass. 2025). The First Circuit agreed and de-
clined to stay the District Court's preliminary injunction.
Agatha v. Trump, 151 F. 4th 9, 12 -- 13 (2025).
At a minimum, then, the Government bears an "espe-
cially heavy burden" to obtain a stay from this Court. Ed-
wards v. Hope Medical Group for Women, (1994) (Scalia, J., in chambers). It can satisfy that burden only if it demon-
strates that it is likely to succeed on the merits of its legal

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Equity is at the heart of preliminary-injunction and stay determina-

tions because these decisions require courts to decide disputes about the
parties' interim status while litigation over the merits of the challengers'
legal claims is ongoing. If the government is permitted to implement a
harmful policy that turns out to be unlawful, the damage is done. Courts
generally endeavor to ensure that plaintiffs with colorable legal claims
have a meaningful opportunity to litigate those claims and actually ob-
tain the relief they are requesting.
8 TRUMP v. ORR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

claims, that it will suffer irreparable harm from the prelim-
inary injunction, and that the harm it experiences from not
being able to implement its new policy outweighs the harm
that its new policy will cause the plaintiffs. See Interna-
tional Refugee Assistance Project, 582 U. S., at 580.
As stay applications go, for the reasons explained in Part
III -- A, infra, this case is easy -- the Government has come
nowhere close to meeting this demanding standard, espe-
cially because it has failed to demonstrate any harm from
the District Court's injunction, let alone harm that sur-
passes the injury to the plaintiffs if the Passport Policy were
to go into effect. But the Court somehow sees fit to grant
the Government's stay request regardless, waving away its
abject failure to show any irreparable harm and promoting
a patently inequitable outcome to boot.4
III
A
The Government maintains that immediate implementa-
tion of the Passport Policy is necessary to ensure that sex
markers on passports accurately identify the holders. Ac-
cording to the Government, self-selected gender identity
"does not provide a meaningful basis for identification,"
while sex assigned at birth apparently does. 90 Fed. Reg.
8616. The Government also contends that the Passport Pol-
icy is part of the President's effort to impose a uniform def-
inition of sex throughout the Federal Government. The pre-
liminary injunction, the Government says, impedes the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Not only does the Court's stay determination produce inequity, but it

is also part of a broader pattern of this Court using its emergency docket
to cavalierly pick the winners and losers in cases that are still pending
in the lower courts. See ante, at 1 (order). This way of handling stay
determinations jeopardizes procedural fairness as well, because the
lower courts have an obligation to fully and fairly consider the merits of
the plaintiffs' legal claims despite the majority's declaration of the
"likely" winner. The Court's stay-related pronouncements cannot be per-
mitted to thwart the full legal process that our judicial system requires.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

President from carrying out these supposedly legitimate ob-
jectives.
Thus, the Government's asserted harm from being sub-
jected to the injunction -- its only asserted harm -- is that the
President cannot, at least for now, enact his preferred poli-
cies regarding sex markers on U. S. passports. Even as-
suming, arguendo, that this purported injury counts as ir-
reparable harm, it does not suffice to justify the
extraordinary equitable remedy of a stay pending appeal.5
What the Government needs (and what it does not have)
is an explanation for why it faces harm unless the Presi-
dent's chosen policy is implemented now. It suggests that
there is an urgent foreign policy interest in dictating sex
markers on passports, but does not elaborate as to what
that interest might possibly be. All the Government is able
to muster is the statement that "the injunction forces the
government to misrepresent the sex of passport holders to
foreign nations" and to "contradict... biological reality."
Application for Stay of Injunction 34. But how urgent can
this interest be when the Passport Policy itself allows
transgender Americans who already have passports with
sex markers reflecting their current gender identity to con-
tinue using those passports until they expire?
The Government also insists that gender identity is not a
meaningful basis for identification -- strangely begging the
question why sex markers are required on passports at all.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 It is far from clear that this asserted injury qualifies as irreparable

harm for stay purposes. While we have suggested that the government
suffers "a form of irreparable injury" when it is enjoined from effectuat-
ing a duly enacted statute, see Maryland v. King, 
(2012) (ROBERTS, C. J., in chambers), an executive order lacks the force
of a statute, and an injunction barring such an order does not generate
the same sovereign injury. To think it always does would be to endorse
the "facially absurd" proposition that the President is irreparably
harmed any time he is temporarily prevented from doing something he
wants to do. D. V. D., 606 U. S., at ___ -- ___ (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting
from grant of stay) ( -- 12).
10 TRUMP v. ORR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

And, in any event, it provides no evidence of harmful confu-
sion or other problems caused by transgender Americans
who are using passports with sex markers corresponding to
their current gender identity. To the contrary, as the plain-
tiffs' experiences demonstrate, it is gender-incongruent
passports that cause confusion and fail to provide a mean-
ingful basis for identification.
As for the Government's suggestion that the President is
harmed by not being able to impose a uniform definition of
sex across various regulatory schemes, that assertion is just
another species of the far-fetched contention that the Pres-
ident must be injured whenever he is prevented from doing
as he wishes. Department of Homeland Security v. D. V. D.,
606 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025) (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting
from grant of stay) ( -- 12). The Government
also fails to explain why it needs a uniform definition of sex,
much less why such a uniform definition needs to be im-
posed now such that it cannot await the outcome of this lit-
igation.
At the end of the day, then, despite its heavy burden to
support its bid for a stay, the Government has not identified
or articulated any way in which it will actually be harmed
if it cannot enact its new Passport Policy while the parties
litigate whether that policy is lawful.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The Government's failure to show any harm from not being able to

implement the Passport Policy immediately, much less a harm that out-
weighs the harm to the plaintiffs from the issuance of a stay, is sufficient
to deny the stay application. But to the extent we consider the merits,
the majority's confidence that the Government will probably succeed,
ante, at 1 (order), is unfounded. To the contrary, as the District Court
and the First Circuit concluded, the Passport Policy is likely arbitrary
and capricious in violation of the APA. The State Department provided
zero explanation for its reversal of 33 years of practice. And our prece-
dent does not support the Court's suggestion that an agency can expedi-
ently end-run the APA's requirements simply because it is following the
President's orders. Ibid. Even when an agency is bound by the decision
of the Executive, it must still consider all relevant aspects of the problem
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

B
For their part (and by contrast), the plaintiffs have shown
they will suffer concrete injuries if the Government's Pass-
port Policy is immediately enforced; namely, they will be
unable to obtain passports with sex markers that match
their gender identity. The District Court found that this is
a significant harm, noting that transgender people who en-
counter obstacles to obtaining gender-congruent identity
documents are almost twice as likely to experience suicidal
ideation, and report more severe psychological distress,
than transgender people who do not face such barriers.
In addition, the current record demonstrates that
transgender people who use gender-incongruent passports
are exposed to increased violence, harassment, and discrim-
ination. For example, one of the plaintiffs, AC Goldberg,
who is a transgender and intersex person, asserts that he
has been sexually assaulted by Transportation Security Ad-
ministration (TSA) officers conducting searches on his
body. Another plaintiff, Chastain Anderson, attests to hav-
ing been strip searched when traveling with identity docu-
ments that do not match her current gender expression.
Another, Zaya Perysian, has been subjected to invasive
patdowns by TSA agents to confirm her gender after they
observed the disjunction between her female gender expres-
sion and the male sex marker on her passport. And two
others, Ashton Orr and Ray Gorlin, have been accused of
presenting fake identity documents, and were forced to out
themselves as transgender and nonbinary to TSA agents.
Airport checkpoints are stressful and invasive for travel-
ers under typical circumstances -- even without the added
friction of being forced to present government-issued
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
before changing its policy. See Department of Homeland Security v. Re-
gents of Univ. of Cal., -- 32 (2020). The plaintiffs have col-
orable equal-protection claims as well, particularly in light of the animus
evident in the Executive Order. See 90 Fed. Reg. 8615 (singling out
transgender identity as "corrosive" to American society).
12 TRUMP v. ORR

JACKSON, J., dissenting

identification documents that do not reflect one's identity.
Thus, by preventing transgender Americans from obtaining
gender-congruent passports, the Government is doing more
than just making a statement about its belief that
transgender identity is "false." The Passport Policy also in-
vites the probing, and at times humiliating, additional scru-
tiny these plaintiffs have experienced.
Given this, it is no surprise that each of the plaintiffs
credibly testified that they would experience significant
anxiety and fear for their safety if required to use passports
that reflect their sex assigned at birth rather than their
gender identity. Absent an injunction, the plaintiffs and
the classes of transgender Americans they represent are
forced to make a difficult choice that no other Americans
face: use gender-incongruent passports and risk harass-
ment and bodily invasions, on the one hand, or avoid all ac-
tivities (travel, opening a bank account, renting a car, start-
ing a new job) that may require a passport, on the other.
The harm to these individuals from having to make that
choice -- before their legal challenges have even been re-
solved -- is palpable.
* * *
The documented real-world harms to these plaintiffs ob-
viously outweigh the Government's unexplained (and inex-
plicable) interest in immediate implementation of the Pass-
port Policy. That incongruity is where equity comes in.
Because granting the stay application will be "of little ad-
vantage" to the Government, Di Giovanni, 296 U. S., at 71,
while needlessly and significantly burdening the plaintiffs,
equity cannot justify the Court's intervention. But, today,
the Court refuses to answer equity's call. In my view, the
Court's failure to acknowledge the basic norms of equity ju-
risdiction is more than merely regrettable. It is an abdica-
tion of the Court's duty to ensure that equitable standards
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

apply equally to all litigants -- to transgender people and
the Government alike.

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting from the grant of applica-
tion for stay.
On January 19, 2021, the United States Government told
Venezuelans living in the United States that Venezuela
was experiencing the "worst humanitarian crisis in the
Western Hemisphere in recent memory."1 A couple months
later, it said their country was in the midst of a " 'severe
political and economic crisis' " marked by "[e]conomic con-
traction," "deepening poverty," "a collapse in basic ser-
vices," and "human rights abuses and repression."2 The
Government said substantially the same thing in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Deferred Enforced Departure for Certain Venezuelans, Memorandum

of Jan. 19, 2021, 86 Fed. Reg. 6845 (2021).
2 See Designation of Venezuela for Temporary Protected Status and

Implementation of Employment Authorization for Venezuelans Covered
by Deferred Enforced Departure, 86 Fed. Reg. 13576 (2021).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

September 2022,3 and again in October 2023,4 and again in
January 2025.5
These fact-based conclusions had legal import: They en-
titled eligible Venezuelans to temporary protected status
(TPS) under federal law. As a result, certain Venezuelans
were shielded from removal, permitted to work, and quali-
fied as lawfully present in the United States. See 8 U. S. C.
(1), (f )(4). By law, this protection was supposed
to last until at least October 2026.6
When President Trump took office in late January 2025,
however, the Government quickly reversed course. The
TPS statute plainly states that a TPS designation shall re-
main effective until the expiration of its "most recent previ-
ous extension." (3)(B). But Secretary of Home-
land Security Kristi Noem announced a much nearer
termination date for some 300,000 Venezuelan TPS recipi-
ents: April 2025.7
By now, our lower court colleagues have determined five
times over that this abrupt truncation of the TPS period
was unlawful or likely so.8 They have done so in reasoned
and thoughtful written opinions -- opinions that, in the nor-
mal course, we would get to parse, assess, and embrace or
reject, while fully explaining our reasoning.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 See Extension of the Designation of Venezuela for Temporary Pro-

tected Status, 87 Fed. Reg. 55026 -- 55027 (2022).
4 See Extension and Redesignation of Venezuela for Temporary Pro-

tected Status, 88 Fed. Reg. 68132 (2023).
5 See Extension of the 2023 Designation of Venezuela for Temporary

Protected Status, 90 Fed. Reg. 5963 -- 5966 (2025).
6 Id., at 5966 (extending Venezuela's TPS designation for an 18-month

period ending October 2, 2026).
7 See Vacatur of 2025 Temporary Protected Status Decision for Vene-

zuela, 90 Fed. Reg. 8807; Termination of the Oct. 3, 2023 Designation of
Venezuela for Temporary Protected Status, 90 Fed. Reg. 9043 -- 9044.
8 See 773 F. Supp. 3d 807 (ND Cal. 2025); 2025 WL 1019671 (ND Cal.,

Apr. 4, 2025); ___ F. 4th ___, 2025 WL 2487771 (CA9, Aug. 29, 2025); ___
F. Supp. 3d ___, 2025 WL 2578045 (ND Cal., Sept. 5, 2025); ___ F. 4th
___, 2025 WL 2661556 (CA9, Sept. 17, 2025).
4 NOEM v. NATIONAL TPS ALLIANCE

JACKSON, J., dissenting

The lower courts have also made a second considered
judgment on a different question: What should happen to
300,000 human beings while our colleagues on the Ninth
Circuit, and then perhaps we, do the job of judging? Should
those individuals get to remain in the United States, work-
ing legally, as the Government promised them a few short
months ago? Or should they be left vulnerable to job loss,
family separation, and deportation to a country the Govern-
ment determined in January was "experiencing 'a complex,
serious and multidimensional humanitarian crisis' " to
which they could not "retur[n] in safety"? See 90 Fed. Reg.
5963, 5966.
Our lower court colleagues have already chosen the obvi-
ous -- i.e., least disruptive and most humane -- answer to
that question.9 So, this stay application presents us with
an antecedent decision: whether the Government's interest
in terminating TPS right now is so urgent that this Court,
rather than the able judges currently exercising jurisdiction
over the matter, should be the one to decide those individu-
als' interim fate. See Noem v. Doe, 605 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___
(2025) (JACKSON, J., dissenting from grant of application
for stay) ( -- 8); see also Magnum Import Co. v.
Coty, (1923) (explaining that "this Court
requires an extraordinary showing" before it will override
the stay decision of a lower court, rendered "with a much
fuller knowledge [of the case] than we can have"). Only if
the Government demonstrates such a time-sensitive need
should we even consider vetoing the lower courts' unani-
mous judgment about the most equitable interim status.
The Government has made no such showing. Yet, for the
second time in this same case, the Court grants it the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 See 2025 WL 1019671 (ND Cal., Apr. 4, 2025) (denying stay pending

appeal of postponement of agency action under 5 U. S. C. ); ___ F.
4th ___, 2025 WL 2487771 (affirming postponement); 2025 WL 2617231
(ND Cal., Sept. 10, 2025) (denying stay pending appeal from final judg-
ment); ___ F. 4th ___, 2025 WL 2661556 (same).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

extraordinary relief it seeks. We once again eschew re-
straint -- ignoring the need for exigency or any other pru-
dent threshold limitation on the exercise of our discretion -- 
and wordlessly override the considered judgments of our
colleagues. We once again use our equitable power (but not
our opinion-writing capacity) to allow this Administration
to disrupt as many lives as possible, as quickly as possible.
I view today's decision as yet another grave misuse of our
emergency docket. This Court should have stayed its hand.
Having opted instead to join the fray, the Court plainly mis-
judges the irreparable harm and balance-of-the-equities
factors by privileging the bald assertion of unconstrained
executive power over countless families' pleas for the sta-
bility our Government has promised them. Because, re-
spectfully, I cannot abide our repeated, gratuitous, and
harmful interference with cases pending in the lower courts
while lives hang in the balance, I dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
Parts I, II, and III, concluding that under of the First Step Act,
a sentence "has... been imposed" for purposes of that provision if, and
only if, the sentence is extant -- i.e., has not been vacated. Thus, the
Act's more lenient penalties apply to defendants whose previous
sentences have been vacated and who need to be resentenced
following the Act's enactment. Pp. 6 -- 12.
(a) The text of and the nature of vacatur support this con-
clusion. Congress employed the present-perfect tense, requiring eval-
uation of whether "a sentence... has... been imposed" upon the de-
fendant, rather than the past-perfect tense that would exclude anyone
upon whom a sentence "had" been imposed. The present-perfect tense
can refer to "an act, state, or condition that is now completed" or "a
past action that comes up to and touches the present" and thus conveys
that the event in question continues to be true or valid. The Chicago
Manual of Style.132, p. 268. When used in either sense, the pre-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Syllabus

sent-perfect tense addresses whether something has continuing rele-
vance to the present, not merely whether it occurred as a historical
fact. If an event is merely a relic of history because it was voided by a
subsequent action, the past-perfect (not the present-perfect) tense is
usually the more appropriate verb choice. The fact that adjacent pro-
visions of contain past-tense verbs only strengthens the conclu-
sion that 's use of the present-perfect tense is meaningful.
Pp. 6 -- 10.
(b) Background principles regarding the legal effect of vacatur con-
firm that a sentence has been imposed for purposes only so
long as it remains valid. When interpreting statutes, the Court recog-
nizes that Congress legislates against the backdrop of certain unex-
pressed presumptions. One such presumption is that vacated court
orders are void ab initio and thus lack any prospective legal effect. A
criminal defendant whose conviction has been vacated, for example, is
to be treated going forward as though he were never convicted. By
operation of legal fiction, the law acts as though the previous convic-
tion never occurred. Section 403(b) reflects this commonsense under-
standing of background vacatur principles. Just as defendants with
vacated prior felony convictions are not precluded from possessing
weapons under the federal felon-in-possession ban, retroactiv-
ity does not exclude from its scope those whose prior sentences were
vacated. By authorizing retroactive application of the First Step Act's
more lenient penalties on any eligible offender upon whom "a sentence... has not been imposed," the text of indicates that only past
sentences with continued validity preclude application of the Act's new
penalties. Pp. 10 -- 12.

JACKSON, J., delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to Parts I,
II, and III, in which ROBERTS, C. J., and SOTOMAYOR, KAGAN, and GOR-
SUCH, JJ., joined, and an opinion with respect to Parts IV and V, in which
SOTOMAYOR and KAGAN, JJ., joined. ALITO, J., filed a dissenting opinion,
in which THOMAS, KAVANAUGH, and BARRETT, JJ., joined.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
United States Reports. Readers are requested to notify the Reporter of
Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
TONY R. HEWITT, PETITIONER
23 -- 1002 v.
UNITED STATES

COREY DEYON DUFFEY, ET AL., PETITIONERS
23 -- 1150 v.
UNITED STATES
ON PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
Nos. 23 -- 1002 and 23 -- 1150. Decided June 26, 2025

JUSTICE JACKSON delivered the opinion of the Court, ex-
cept as to Parts IV and V.*
Before the First Step Act was enacted in 2018, federal
judges were required to sentence certain first-time offend-
ers convicted of violating 18 U. S. C. -- a law that
criminalizes the possession of a firearm while committing
other crimes -- to "stacked" 25-year periods of incarceration.
The First Step Act, 132 Stat. 5194, eliminated this harsh
mandatory minimum penalty. Congress also made the
Act's more lenient penalties partially retroactive. Section
403(b) specifies that the Act applies if a sentence "has not
been imposed" upon an eligible offender as of the
date of the First Step Act's enactment. Id., at 5222.
The question presented here concerns an edge case: What
penalties apply when a offender had been sentenced
as of the Act's enactment, but that sentence was subse-
quently vacated, such that the offender must face a post-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*THE CHIEF JUSTICE and JUSTICE GORSUCH join all but Parts IV and V
of this opinion.
2 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Act resentencing? We hold that, under that circumstance,
a sentence "has not been imposed" for purposes of.
Thus, the First Step Act's more lenient penalties apply.
I
Title 18 U. S. C. criminalizes the use or posses-
sion of a firearm during and in relation to a crime of vio-
lence or drug-trafficking offense. The statute prescribes a
5-year mandatory minimum penalty for any first-time of-
fense, which must run consecutively to any other term of
imprisonment. (1)(A)(i), (c)(1)(D)(ii). Before the
First Step Act, also contained a recidivism enhance-
ment that required imposition of an additional 25 years of
imprisonment (on top of the 5-year mandatory minimum)
for any "second or subsequent conviction under this subsec-
tion." (1)(C)(i) (2006 ed.).
In Deal v. United States, (1993), this Court
interpreted that recidivism-related language to require an
enhanced penalty for each and every count of con-
viction beyond a defendant's first -- even if those convictions
were part of the same criminal prosecution. Id., at 132 -- 
137. As a result, a first-time offender convicted of two
counts would receive a mandatory 25-year sentence
on the second count, "stacked" upon (i.e., running consecu-
tively to) the first count's mandatory 5-year sentence, for a
total of 30 years of imprisonment.1 And each additional
count would add another 25 years to that defend-
ant's total term of incarceration. See id., at 131 -- 132. Un-
der this "stacking" interpretation of 's recidivism en-
hancement, sentences for offenses ballooned rapidly
to span decades or even centuries.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 When this Court decided Deal in 1993, the enhanced mandatory min-

imum penalty under was 20 years. See 18 U. S. C. (1988
ed.). Congress increased the mandatory minimum to 25 years in 1998.
See (1994 ed., Supp. IV); 112 Stat. 3469.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

On December 21, 2018, a supermajority of Congress en-
acted the First Step Act, a landmark piece of legislation
that changed the federal criminal-sentencing system in nu-
merous respects. See 132 Stat. 5194. Among other things,
of the First Step Act "clarif[ied]" that district court
judges are not required to impose stacked 25-year sentences
when sentencing first-time offenders. Id., at 5221 -- 
5222 (capitalization deleted). Abrogating this Court's deci-
sion in Deal, the statute established instead that, for first-
time offenders, 5-year mandatory minimums apply to each
count of conviction.
The First Step Act also addressed the potential for retro-
active application of this penalty reduction, by specifically
identifying the offenders to whom the Act applied.
Ordinarily, because judges impose sentences based on the
statutory penalties that exist at the time defendants com-
mit their offenses, 1 U. S. C., statutory changes to fed-
eral penalties only benefit future offenders. But Congress
altered this default no-retroactivity rule in the Act itself.
Section 403(b) -- titled "APPLICABILITY TO PENDING
CASES" -- made 's reduced penalties applicable to
certain existing offenders, as follows:
"This section, and the amendments made by this sec-
tion, shall apply to any offense that was committed be-
fore the date of enactment of this Act, if a sentence for
the offense has not been imposed as of such date of en-
actment.", 132 Stat. 5222.
II
In 2009, petitioners Tony Hewitt, Corey Duffey, and Jar-
vis Ross were convicted of multiple counts of bank robbery
and conspiracy to commit bank robbery, along with corre-
sponding offenses for use of a firearm during a crime
of violence. Each petitioner received a mandatory 5-year
sentence as to their first count of conviction. And,
despite being first-time offenders, each received 25-year
4 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

mandatory sentences on every count beyond their
first. Thus, in total, each petitioner's sentence exceeded 325
years. Roughly 25 of those years were due to the robbery
offenses themselves, while the rest were attributable to
stacked counts.
Petitioners successfully challenged some of their convic-
tions on direct appeal, and the Fifth Circuit accordingly va-
cated petitioners' sentences.2 In 2012, the District Court
resentenced each petitioner to between 285 and 305 years
on the counts that remained -- sentences that the Fifth Cir-
cuit affirmed on direct review. Petitioners also filed post-
conviction motions under 28 U. S. C., which were
each denied.
After Congress passed the First Step Act in 2018, this
Court held that the "crime of violence" definition the Gov-
ernment routinely used to support some convictions
was unconstitutionally vague. See United States v. Davis,
(2019). Because that holding potentially
affected some of petitioners' remaining convictions, the
Fifth Circuit granted petitioners authorization to file a sec-
ond or successive postconviction motion under 28 U. S. C.. The District Court then vacated the impacted
convictions, as well as petitioners' sentences.
When the District Court held resentencings for the re-
maining convictions, petitioners argued that the First Step
Act's 5-year -- not 25-year -- mandatory minimum penalties
applied. Petitioners argued that they were entitled to ret-
roactive application of the First Step Act's more lenient
penalties because a vacated prior sentence is not a sentence
that "has... been imposed" for purposes of.3 The
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Petitioners were initially convicted of attempted bank robbery, too.

Those convictions -- along with the corresponding counts -- were
vacated following petitioners' successful challenges on direct appeal. See
United States v. Duffey, 456 Fed. Appx. 434, 444 -- 445 (CA5 2012).
3 During Duffey's and Ross's resentencings before the District Court,

the Government maintained that petitioners were ineligible for First
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

District Court disagreed and resentenced petitioners under
the pre-Act sentencing scheme, giving them stacked 25-
year mandatory minimum sentences for each count
of conviction beyond their first. Petitioners thus each re-
ceived sentences of 130 years or more -- 105 years of which
were attributable to stacked penalties.
On appeal, petitioners and the Government agreed that
the First Step Act should have applied at petitioners' resen-
tencings. The parties thus jointly requested vacatur of pe-
titioners' sentences, which the Fifth Circuit denied. 92
F. 4th 304, 310 (2024) (case below). In that court's view,
applies only "to defendants for whom 'a sentence...
ha[d] not been imposed' as of the enactment date." Ibid.. Because each petitioner had been
sentenced (twice) prior to the Act's enactment, the panel
concluded that petitioners were not eligible for the First
Step Act's more lenient mandatory minimums.
We granted certiorari to decide whether of the
First Step Act confers the benefit of the Act's more lenient
penalties to defendants facing post-Act resentencing follow-
ing vacatur of their pre-Act sentence. 603 U. S. ___ (2024).4
Because the United States agrees with petitioners on the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Step Act relief. But, by the time of Hewitt's resentencing, the Govern-
ment had changed its position; it supported Hewitt's request for resen-
tencing under the Act.
4 The Courts of Appeals have divided over whether offenders who were

sentenced pre-Act, but whose sentences were later vacated, are eligible
to receive First Step Act benefits at their post-Act resentencing. Com-
pare United States v. Merrell, 37 F. 4th 571, 577 -- 578 (CA9 2022) (hold-
ing that, under, such an offender benefits from the Act at resen-
tencing), and United States v. Mitchell, 38 F. 4th 382, 386 -- 389 (CA3
2022) (same), with United States v. Jackson, 995 F. 3d 522, 525 -- 526
(CA6 2021) (holding that such an offender does not benefit from the Act
at resentencing, if the prior sentence was vacated after the Act's enact-
ment); see also United States v. Uriarte, 975 F. 3d 596, 601 -- 602, and 
(CA7 2020) (en banc) (holding that such an offender benefits from the Act
if his sentence was vacated prior to the Act's enactment date, but reserv-
ing judgment as to postenactment vacatur).
6 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

merits of their appeals, the Court appointed Michael H.
McGinley as amicus curiae to defend the judgment below.
603 U. S. ___ (2024). He has ably discharged his responsi-
bilities.
III
The Fifth Circuit held, and amicus and the dissent con-
tend, that excludes any defendant who was sen-
tenced prior to the enactment date of the First Step Act -- 
even if his sentence was later vacated. That is so, in their
view, because the Act applies only "if a sentence for the of-
fense has not been imposed as of " the Act's enactment date,
and a sentence "has... been imposed" upon that defendant
as a matter of historical fact. 132 Stat. 5222. But based on the text of and the nature of
vacatur, we conclude that a sentence has been imposed for
purposes of that provision if, and only if, the sentence is ex-
tant -- i.e., has not been vacated.
A
To understand why this is so, focus first on the language
Congress used. Most notably, the operative phrase is not
written in the past-perfect tense, excluding anyone upon
whom a sentence "had" been imposed. Rather, Congress
employed the present-perfect tense -- thereby requiring
evaluation of whether "a sentence... has... been imposed"
upon the defendant., 132 Stat. 5222. In this context, that distinction makes a difference.
See United States v. Wilson, (1992)
("Congress' use of a verb tense is significant in construing
statutes").
The present-perfect tense can refer to either (1) "an act,
state, or condition that is now completed" or (2) "a past ac-
tion that comes up to and touches the present." The Chicago
Manual of Style.132, p. 268 (17th ed. 2017) (emphasis
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

added). But when used in either sense, the tense simulta-
neously "involves reference to both past and present." R.
Huddleston & G. Pullum, The Cambridge Grammar of the
English Language 143 (2002). That is, while "the primary
focus is on the present," the past maintains " 'current rele-
vance.' " Ibid. (confirming that the present-perfect tense ad-
dresses "a time-span beginning in the past and extending
up to now").5 Thus, one might employ the present-perfect
tense to describe situations "involv[ing] a specific change of
state" that produces a "continuing result." Id., at 145 (bold-
face deleted).
Here is an example. Suppose the U. S. Olympic Commit-
tee enacted a rule stating that athletes may call themselves
Olympic champions if a gold medal "has been awarded" to
them. Pursuant to that rule, a U. S. sprinter who took first
place in the 2016 Summer Olympics' 100-meter finals could
validly proclaim -- today -- that she is "an Olympic cham-
pion." The existence of her win as a historical event triggers
the rule's proper application, because it gives rise to the in-
ference that the athlete remains an Olympic gold medalist
at present, thereby justifying her continued use of the
"Olympic champion" title. See ibid. (explaining that the rel-
evant "connection with the present" here would be "that the
resultant state still obtains now").
But now imagine that the Olympic Committee stripped
this sprinter of her medal after discovering that she used
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 A primary flaw of the dissent's textual argument is its failure to ap-

preciate that, under either meaning of the present perfect, the event in
question must relate to now. In other words, while the dissent accurately
observes that the present-perfect tense can be used in one of two ways,
see post, at 4 (opinion of ALITO, J.), it ignores that neither refers to cir-
cumstances that are wholly in the past. What makes this the present-
perfect tense is that, in each of its manifestations, there exists a connec-
tion to the present. See Huddleston, Cambridge Grammar of the English
Language, at 143 (confirming that references "to times wholly before
now" -- when the present "is explicitly or implicitly excluded" -- are
largely "incompatible with the present perfect").
8 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

performance-enhancing drugs during the competition. Can
that athlete, under the rule, still call herself an Olympic
champion? The answer is no. Yes, she had been awarded
such a medal, but it was revoked; the fact that she stood on
the podium and was declared the winner in 2016 is inappo-
site for purposes of establishing whether she qualifies for
Olympic-champion bragging rights under the rule today.6
When used in this way, the present-perfect tense conveys
to a listener that the event in question continues to be true
or valid. The dissent counters that, for purposes of the First
Step Act, the relevant moment of analysis should not be the
present, but rather the statute's date of enactment. See
post, at 4 -- 5. But that reframing is inconsistent with nor-
mal understandings of the present-perfect tense, which by
definition focuses on the present.7 Today, if an event is
merely a relic of history because it was voided by a subse-
quent action, the past-perfect (not the present-perfect)
tense would usually be the more appropriate verb choice.
See B. Garner, Modern English Usage 1082 (5th ed. 2022)

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The dissent does not dispute that a sprinter who is divested of her

gold medal no longer qualifies as an "Olympic champion" under the hy-
pothetical rule. Nor does the dissent contest that, if the Committee
wanted such a disqualified sprinter to be able to still claim the title, it
could phrase the rule in the past-perfect tense to accomplish that result
(i.e., bestowing the honorific if a gold medal "had been awarded" to the
athlete). The dissent's primary response to this hypothetical is, instead,
to zero in on "[t]he obvious purpose of the hypothetical rule" and to ex-
plain that "the meaning of language is heavily dependent on context."
Post, at 10,. Part IV of this opinion fully addresses the context of
's language and Congress's primary objectives for enacting that
provision -- both of which support the Court's conclusion in this case.
7 And, notably, there is a relevant connection to the present in the op-

eration of despite that statute's express reference to the date of
the Act's enactment: the current occasion of the sentencing of the defend-
ant in question. Sentencing courts read statutes at the moment of their
application -- which, here, would be the moment of resentencing, not the
moment of enactment. From that proper vantage point, petitioners were
not subject to a sentence, as any previous sentence had been vacated.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

(explaining that the past-perfect tense "represents an ac-
tion as completed at some definite time in the past -- that is,
before some other past time referred to"); Chicago Manual
of Style.133, at 268 (confirming that the past perfect "re-
fers to an act, state, or condition that was completed before
another specified or implicit past time or past action"). Our
disqualified sprinter could thus still boast of her Olympic-
champion status if the rule were, instead, that any athlete
who "had been awarded" a gold medal was entitled to use
that honorific.
The fact that adjacent provisions of contain past-
tense verbs only strengthens the conclusion that 's
use of the present-perfect tense is meaningful. Cf. Barrett
v. United States, (1976) (emphasizing
when Congress "used the present perfect tense... in con-
trast to its use of the present tense" elsewhere in the stat-
ute). Section 404(c), for example, utilizes the simple past
tense to address a defendant's prior sentencing. See 132
Stat. 5222 ("No court shall entertain a motion made under
this section to reduce a sentence if the sentence was previ-
ously imposed or previously reduced in accordance with"
the relevant amendments ). The past
tense also features earlier in itself. See ibid. (cov-
ering "any offense that was committed before the date of
enactment of [the] Act" ). But the verb
tense at issue here ("has been") is conspicuously different -- 
making only clearer that a past sentence must have a rele-
vant connection to the present for purposes of the retroac-
tivity provision.
Indeed, amicus and the dissent's historical-fact reading
of calls so naturally for the past-perfect tense that
jurists who share this view often employ that tense by de-
fault. The Fifth Circuit below, for instance, stated that "the
First Step Act applies to defendants for whom 'a sentence... ha[d] not been imposed' as of the enactment date." 92
F. 4th, at 310. Other courts have
10 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

construed similarly. See, e.g., United States v.
Jackson, 995 F. 3d 522, 525 (CA6 2021) (noting that "as of
December 21, 2018, a sentence had been imposed" upon the
defendant, even though it was later vacated). Congress of
course "could have phrased its requirement in language
that looked to the past..., but it did not choose this readily
available option." Gwaltney of Smithfield, Ltd. v. Chesa-
peake Bay Foundation, Inc., (1987). The
natural inference, then, is that Congress meant what it
said, and, thus, that covers only past sentences with
continued legal validity, not those that have been vacated.
B
Background principles regarding the legal effect of vaca-
tur confirm that a sentence has been imposed for 
purposes only so long as it remains valid. When interpret-
ing statutes, we "recogniz[e] that 'Congress legislates
against the backdrop,' of certain unexpressed presump-
tions." Bond v. United States, (2014)
). One such presumption is that vacated court
orders are void ab initio and thus lack any prospective legal
effect. See United States v. Ayres, 9 Wall. 608, 610 (1870)
("[V]acating the former judgment... render[s] it null and
void, and the parties are left in the same situation as if no
trial had ever taken place in the cause"). By operation of
legal fiction, the law acts as though the vacated order never
occurred.
A criminal defendant whose judgment of conviction has
been vacated, for example, is to be treated going forward as
though he were never convicted. See Fiswick v. United
States, (1946) (confirming that one whose
conviction is vacated "stand[s] in the position of any [per-
son] who has been accused of a crime but not yet shown to
have committed it"). Thus, if Congress were to pass a stim-
ulus provision that gives checks to any small-business
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

owner who "has not been convicted of fraud," an owner
would not be rendered ineligible on the basis of a fraud con-
viction that was overturned on appeal. While the owner
had been convicted of fraud, that judgment was invalidated
and therefore became legally inoperable. In other words,
that vacated conviction is subsequently treated as no con-
viction at all. See North Carolina v. Pearce, (1969) (verifying that vacatur causes a conviction to be
"wholly nullified and the slate wiped clean").8
Section 403(b) reflects this "common-sense" understand-
ing of background vacatur principles. Lewis v. United
States, (1980). Just as defendants
with vacated prior felony convictions are not precluded from
possessing weapons under the federal felon-in-possession
ban, retroactivity does not exclude from its ambit
those whose prior sentences have been vacated. See ibid.;
18 U. S. C. (1); see also Pepper v. United States, (2011) (explaining that vacatur of a criminal
sentence "wipe[s] the slate clean").
By authorizing retroactive application of the First Step
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The dissent erroneously suggests that, under our precedents, a va-

cated sentence continues to exist as a historical fact and thus retains
prospective legal effect. See post, at 12 -- 14. But the cases it cites do not
support that contention. In Lewis v. United States, (1980),
for example, we considered whether the invalidity of one's predicate fel-
ony conviction precludes conviction as a felon in possession of a weapon
under federal law. Id., at 58. We concluded the federal conviction could
stand when the defendant's prior felony conviction had "never been over-
turned" -- i.e., vacated -- at the time he possessed the weapon. Id., at 57.
But we dismissed as "extreme" arguments suggesting that a vacated con-
viction could have such prospective legal effect. Id., at 61, (confirm-
ing the "common-sense" notion that "a disability based upon one's status
as a convicted felon" ceases as a matter of law as soon as "the conviction
upon which that status depends has been vacated"). Bravo-Fernandez v.
United States, (2016), is similarly unhelpful. That case con-
cerned issue preclusion and jury findings and does not stand for the prop-
osition that a vacated order itself retains continuing legal effect in the
relevant sense.
12 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

Act's more lenient penalties on any eligible offender upon
whom "a sentence... has not been imposed," the text of
indicates that only past sentences with continued
validity preclude application of the Act's new penalties. A
judge would thus correctly conclude at resentencing that, if
an offender's past sentence has been vacated, a sentence
"has not been imposed" upon that offender for purposes of
the First Step Act; hence, the court can impose a new sen-
tence today.
IV
A
The context and enactment history of the First Step Act
and further demonstrate that Congress's choice of
the present-perfect tense was not accidental. Rather, Con-
gress was reacting to sustained criticism of the prior sen-
tencing scheme, and with, it intended to execute a
clean break from the controversial and heavily contested
"stacking" practice.
Sentencing judges had been among the harshest critics.
Before the First Step Act was enacted, more than one vet-
eran District Court Judge decried how the "stacking" pun-
ishment for first-time offenders was "grossly dispro-
portionate" and "shockingly harsh given the nature" of the
offenses and a defendant's "lack of criminal history."
United States v. Washington, 301 F. Supp. 2d 1306, 1309
(MD Ala. 2004) (lamenting the requirement of a 40-year
term of imprisonment for a 22-year-old first-time offender,
and remarking that it was "the worst and most unconscion-
able sentence [the judge] ha[d] given in his 23 years on the
federal bench").9 Judges on the Federal Courts of Appeals
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 See also, e.g., United States v. Holloway, 68 F. Supp. 3d 310, 312

(EDNY 2014) (noting that stacking "produce[d] sentences that
would be laughable if only there weren't real people on the receiving end
of them"); United States v. Angelos, 345 F. Supp. 2d 1227, 1244 -- 1245,
1248 (Utah 2004) (assailing being required to give a 24-year-old who had
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

also "join[ed] in the litany of criticisms directed towards"
's penalty regime for requiring the imposition of sen-
tences that were " 'out of this world.' " United States v.
Hunter, 770 F. 3d 740, 746 -- 747 (CA8 2014) (Bright, J., con-
curring); see also United States v. Hungerford, 465 F. 3d
1113, 1118 -- 1119 (CA9 2006) (Reinhardt, J., concurring in
judgment) (deeming "irrational, inhumane, and absurd" the
mandatory 159-year sentence imposed upon "a 52 year-old
mentally disturbed woman with no prior criminal record"
who had otherwise "led a spotless, law-abiding existence");
United States v. Smith, 756 F. 3d 1179, 1181 (CA10 2014)
(Gorsuch, J.) (observing that it was "no fanciful possibility"
that stacking would lead to "prison term[s] of many
decades" that were "certain to outlast the defendant's life
and the lives of every person now walking the planet").
Meanwhile, other institutional stakeholders raised simi-
larly pointed objections to Deal's stacking system. In its
annual report to Congress, the United States Sentencing
Commission criticized how stacking had "result[ed]
in excessively severe and unjust sentences," particularly in
cases in which "the offense did not involve any physical
harm or threat of physical harm to a person." U. S. Sen-
tencing Commission, Report to the Congress: Mandatory
Minimum Penalties in the Federal Criminal Justice System
359 (Oct. 2011). The United States Judicial Conference ex-
pressed similar concerns.10

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
possessed weapons while dealing small amounts of marijuana "more
than doubl[e]" the sentence recommended for crimes resulting in "actual
violence to victims," such as "hijack[ing]" an airplane, "detonat[ing] a
bomb in a public place," or committing "rap[e]" or "second-degree
murde[r]").
10 See, e.g., Hearing before the Over-Criminalization Task Force of

2014 of the House Committee on the Judiciary, 113th Cong., 2d Sess., 41
(2014) (testimony of the Hon. Irene Keeley, U. S. District Judge, Judicial
Conference of the U. S.) (explaining that stacking produced "par-
ticularly egregious" sentences for first-time offenders that ran "contrary
14 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

The problem, as all seemed to recognize, was not that fed-
eral law permitted judges to impose lengthy sentences with
respect to first-time offenders -- it was that the stat-
ute, as Deal had interpreted it, required it. District judges
could not adhere to the statutory command that they give
sentences that are "sufficient, but not greater than neces-
sary, to comply with the purposes" of punishment, 18
U. S. C., if they were also required to sentence
first-time offenders to 's unduly harsh mandatory
minimum penalties. Additionally problematic was the fact
that, while federal law requires sentencing judges to "avoid
unwarranted sentence disparities among defendants,"
(6), the variation among prosecutors' charging
practices meant that stacking was a reality for only
some first-time offenders.11
With sentencing judges routinely imposing what
amounted to mandatory life sentences on first-time 
offenders, in 2018, Congress eventually heeded the public
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
to the interests of justice" and "undermine[d] confidence" in its admin-
istration).
11 The policies of U. S. Attorney's Offices diverged as to when -- or

whether -- they would bring multiple counts, a decision over
which judges lack any control. See id., at 45 (testimony of the Hon. Patti
Saris, Chair, U. S. Sentencing Commission). This produced disparate
sentencing outcomes for similarly situated offenders across judicial dis-
tricts. See U. S. Sentencing Commission, Report to the Congress: Man-
datory Minimum Penalties in the Federal Criminal Justice System 361 -- 
362 (Oct. 2011) (attributing the "geographic concentration" associated
with sentencing "to inconsistencies in the charging of multiple
violations of section 924(c)"); see also In re Hernandez, 857 F. 3d 1162,
1169 (CA11 2017) (Martin, J., concurring in result) (finding "troubling"
that the defendant "might never have received this [stacked] sentence if
he had been sentenced in another part of the country"). In one case in
which prosecutors stacked additional counts after the defendant
refused a plea offer, the District Judge specifically lamented the "risk of
massive sentencing disparity between identically-situated offenders
within the federal system," because other U. S. Attorney's Offices might
not have proceeded in that same fashion. United States v. Angelos, 345
F. Supp. 2d 1227, 1253 -- 1254 (Utah 2004).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

outcry. An "extraordinary political coalition" formed, as
members of Congress worked together to develop "a bipar-
tisan sentencing and prison reform bill" to address 
stacking. 164 Cong. Rec. S7645 (Dec. 17, 2018) (statement
of Sen. Durbin); see also Brief for Sen. Richard J. Durbin
et al. as Amici Curiae 5 -- 8 (Senators Brief ). The First Step
Act was the much-anticipated, much-heralded fruit of their
labor -- and one that many in Congress hoped would yield
immediate benefits. See id., at 17.12
B
It is noteworthy for present purposes that the statute
Congress crafted to depart from the much-maligned "stack-
ing" sentencing regime did so in a two-part fashion. First,
eliminated 25-year stacked sentences for first-time
offenders. Second, addressed the retroac-
tivity of the benefit in a " 'targeted way,' " so as to
ensure that judges were no longer constrained to impose 25-
year stacked sentences on first-time offenders mov-
ing forward. Id., at 15 ).
That second part of Congress's response -- the focus of the
cases before us today -- was highly consequential. By dis-
placing the background rule that changes to sentencing
statutes apply only prospectively (to defendants who com-
mit their offenses after the law's effective date), Congress
made clear that the First Step Act's more lenient penalties
were to apply to some " 'pending' " cases, too -- i.e., the new
penalties would be applicable to certain defendants who
had committed their offenses before the First Step Act.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 The dissent agrees that our job is to "interpret what Congress meant"

by the words in. Post, at 4. Here, Congress's desire to change
the derided, draconian sentencing stacking scheme Deal had created
could not be clearer. Thus, far from "march[ing] in the parade of sen-
tencing reform," post, at 2, we are merely observing the events and cir-
cumstances that led Congress to take up the banner of sentencing reform
itself.
16 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

Senators Brief 15, 132 Stat. 5222). Per, any defendant who still needed to be sentenced as
of the First Step Act's effective date would receive the Act's
more lenient penalties. Thus, as a practical matter, judges
would no longer have to impose harsh "stacked" sentences
upon first-time offenders.
Notably, because retroactivity was only partial, it
differed substantially from the full retroactivity Congress
employed with respect to other kinds of penalty changes it
instituted in the First Step Act. See, e.g., 132 Stat.
5222; Terry v. United States, (2021) (ex-
plaining that Congress made the First Step Act's statutory
changes to the crack-cocaine minimums fully retroactive,
and thus "gave courts authority to reduce the sentences" of
previously sentenced crack offenders, where applicable).
Congress certainly had the full-retroactivity option before
it when it crafted ; indeed, earlier versions of the Act
would have extended benefits to at least some
offenders who were already sentenced. See, e.g.,
Sentencing Reform Act of 2015, H. R. 3713, 114th Cong., 2d
Sess., (2), pp. 14 -- 16 (2016) (providing for reduced
terms of imprisonment in "certain past cases" (capitaliza-
tion and italics deleted)); Sentencing Reform and Correc-
tions Act of 2017, S. 1917, 115th Cong., 1st Sess., (2),
pp. 13 -- 15 (2017) (permitting "sentence reduction" for cer-
tain "past cases" (capitalization deleted)). But authorizing
the reopening of closed cases upends finality and can also
be administratively burdensome. See Senators Brief 15
(noting that Congress forwent full retroactivity to serve "ju-
dicial economy" and "preserv[e] sentences that were actu-
ally valid and final"). Section 403's partial retroactivity
avoided these problems, while still advancing Congress's
aim of changing how first-time defendants are sen-
tenced.
In short, -- a middle-ground solution to the prob-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

lem of harsh "stacked" sentences for first-time of-
fenders -- reflected a balance of Congress's policy objectives.
By leaving intact sentences that judges had already
imposed, Congress reinforced its interest in finality and
avoided burdening district courts with additional litigation.
But it also substantially advanced its goal of returning a
significant amount of sentencing discretion to district court
judges moving forward, by giving retroactive effect to the
Act's more lenient penalties for those first-time of-
fenders who had yet to be sentenced.
V
The reading of that petitioners and the Govern-
ment promote thus coheres with the text, context, and his-
tory of that provision. Under this view, First Step Act sen-
tencing benefits apply to all first-time offenders
sentenced after the Act's enactment date (whether it is an
initial sentencing or a resentencing). This means that
's retroactivity line falls between those past 
offenders with final sentences that are still in effect, on the
one hand, and those who still need to be sentenced for their
offense, on the other. The former are stuck with
their old sentences, for finality reasons, while the latter are
eligible for First Step Act benefits at resentencing, since
they have to be sentenced regardless.
Under amicus and the dissent's reading, however, there
exists a further line of division within the group of offenders
who currently lack a sentence -- separating those who have
been sentenced previously for the offense at issue
from those who have not. For individuals in the former
camp, per amicus and the dissent, a judge must return to
the superseded sentencing scheme and impose stacked 25-
year sentences when such defendants are resentenced.
Carving up the yet-to-be-sentenced group of offenders in
this way does not reflect Congress's intent. See Senators
Brief 17 (a bipartisan group of Senators, explaining that
18 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of JACKSON, J.

"[t]he considerations animating the First Step Act's enact-
ment undermine any suggestion that Congress intention-
ally excluded from Section 403's reach pre-Act offenders
whose sentences are invalid as a matter of law"). Nor does
it comport with the statutory scheme that Congress en-
acted, for two primary reasons.
First, the text and context of do not support dif-
ferentiating between offenders on the mere basis of
the historical fact of a past sentencing (as we explained in
Part III, supra), and, frankly, it is not clear what distin-
guishing between previously sentenced and never-before-
sentenced offenders would accomplish. The prior imposi-
tion of a sentence does not bear on finality; if the offender
currently lacks a sentence, then a court will have to resen-
tence the defendant in any event. And though it would
make sense to draw the line as amicus and the dissent do if
the prior imposition of a sentence helped judges to more ac-
curately identify serious first-time offenders -- po-
tentially justifying the harsh and outdated stacked penal-
ties that the First Step Act supplanted -- nothing in the
legislative record suggests this is so. Stated simply: The
distinction between previously sentenced defendants and
those who have never been sentenced before seems to make
no difference in terms of the retroactivity aims of the stat-
ute.
By contrast, requiring judges to impose Deal-era stacked
sentences at resentencings runs headlong into the
animating aims of the First Step Act. See Miller v. French,
(2000) (rejecting an interpretation that
would undermine the statute and run "plainly contrary to
Congress' intent in enacting" it). Neither amicus nor the
dissent can explain why Congress would have wanted sen-
tencing judges, who are presently working to dole out pro-
portionate plenary sentences under the new regime, to have
to return to the draconian, pre-Act scheme for offenders
who just happen to be facing resentencing, as opposed to
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

first sentencing. Requiring that kind of reversion prevents
judges from uniformly moving past Deal, which was the pri-
mary point of Congress's enactment of.
Second, the reading of that we adopt today is
plainly more administrable than the one amicus and the
dissent offer. Amicus argues that his interpretation is easy
to apply, because a district judge only needs to know
whether a prior sentence had ever been imposed upon the
defendant for the relevant offense. But that knowledge is
not enough -- the sentencing judge would still need to refer-
ence, recall, and apply the superseded "stacking" regime, if
applicable. And there is a much more straightforward way
to administer : From the Act's enactment date on-
ward, sentencing judges impose the First Step Act's less-
ened mandatory minimums for any first-time of-
fender -- full stop. This reading of requires no
additional effort on the part of the judge to track down a
defendant's sentencing history or to confirm what manda-
tory minimums previously governed. And it allows district
judges to treat all first-time defendants who appear
before them for sentencing in an equitable manner that
minimizes sentencing disparities, consistent with Con-
gress's sentencing directives.
* * *
Under the interpretation of we adopt today, all
first-time offenders who appear for sentencing after
the First Step Act's enactment date -- including those whose
previous sentences have been vacated and who thus
need to be resentenced -- are subject to the Act's revised
penalties. The Fifth Circuit's contrary reading of is
reversed, and its judgment in these cases is remanded for
further proceedings.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
TONY R. HEWITT, PETITIONER
23 -- 1002 v.
UNITED STATES

COREY DEYON DUFFEY, ET AL., PETITIONERS
23 -- 1150 v.
UNITED STATES
ON PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
Nos. 23 -- 1002 and 23 -- 1150. Decided June 26, 2025

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS, JUSTICE
KAVANAUGH, and JUSTICE BARRETT join, dissenting.
In the First Step Act of 2018, Congress reduced the
mandatory-minimum sentence for certain firearm offenses.
Like all changes to sentencing law, this amendment applies
prospectively. But Congress also thought it wise to apply
the amendment to "Pending Cases." Of course, "Pending
Cases" does not mean "All Cases," and Congress limited the
retroactive reach of the amendment to defendants for whom
"a sentence for the offense has not been imposed as of [the
Act's] date of enactment." 132 Stat. 5222. In other words,
the amendment applies retroactively only if the defendant
had yet to be sentenced when Congress passed the Act in
2018. Petitioners, who were sentenced in 2010, do not come
close to meeting that test.
Today, the Court disfigures the Act in order to reach a
different result. Its interpretation relies on two necessary
premises. First, the Court insists that what Congress re-
ally meant to say is that the amendment applies retroac-
tively unless "a legally valid sentence" is in force on the
Act's date of enactment. Second, to get around the fact that
petitioners did have "legally valid" sentences when the Act
2 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

was passed, the Court invents a novel "vacatur" principle.
The Court tells us that the 2022 vacatur of petitioners' sen-
tences rendered those sentences legal nullities from their
inception. The Court's interpretation thus unspools the
Act's carefully wound retroactivity command to mean that
any defendant whose sentence is vacated at any time and
for any reason may claim the benefit of the Act's reduced
mandatory minimum. But nothing in the text or broader
context supports such a boundless interpretation. Indeed,
the portions of today's decision that command the votes of
only three Justices give the game away. Animating the
Court's atextual interpretation is a thinly veiled desire to
march in the parade of sentencing reform. But our role is
to interpret the statute before us, not overhaul criminal
sentencing.
I
Sixteen years ago, a jury convicted petitioners Corey
Duffey, Tony Hewitt, and Jarvis Ross of multiple 18 U. S. C.
offenses for use of a firearm in furtherance of a
crime of violence. At the time, first-time offenders
like petitioners could receive, after a single trial, a 5-year
mandatory-minimum sentence for an initial convic-
tion and a consecutive 25-year mandatory-minimum sen-
tence for each "second or subsequent" conviction.
See (1)(A)(i), (c)(1)(C), (c)(1)(D)(ii) (2012 ed.); Deal
v. United States, (1993). In 2010, the
District Court sentenced petitioners under this so-called
stacking procedure, and after a remand, the District Court
resentenced petitioners in 2012. Direct review of their con-
victions and sentences was complete by 2015. See United
States v. Ross, 544 Fed. Appx. 544, 545 (CA5 2013) (per cu-
riam) (dismissing Duffey's appeal because it presented "no
nonfrivolous issue for appellate review"); United States v.
Ross, 582 Fed. Appx. 528 (CA5 2014) (per curiam) (affirm-
ing Hewitt's and Ross's sentences); Hewitt v. United States,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

(2015) (denying Hewitt's petition for a writ
of certiorari).
Petitioners' sentences had thus long been final when Con-
gress enacted the First Step Act on December 21, 2018. The
Act introduced a bevy of sentencing reforms, including an
amendment that eliminated the practice of sentence
stacking. See 132 Stat. 5221 -- 5222. Although it had previ-
ously considered applying this amendment to all of-
fenders (including those with final sentences), see S. 2123,
114th Cong., 1st Sess., (2) (2015) (reported by Com-
mittee), Congress settled on a far narrower retroactivity
command:
"APPLICABILITY TO PENDING CASES. -- This section,
and the amendments made by this section, shall apply
to any offense that was committed before the date of
enactment of this Act, if a sentence for the offense has
not been imposed as of such date of enactment." 132
Stat. 5222.
On the "date of enactment," petitioners' 2012 sentences re-
mained in full force. As such, petitioners did not move to
reduce their sentences in the immediate aftermath of the
Act's passage.
But several strokes of good fortune soon came petitioners'
way. The year after Congress passed the First Step Act, we
held in United States v. Davis, (2019),
that 's residual clause is unconstitutionally vague.
Then, later that same year, the Fifth Circuit determined
that Davis should apply retroactively. See United States v.
Reece, 938 F. 3d 630, 635 (2019). Seeking to take advantage
of these fortuitous developments, petitioners successfully
moved to set aside some, though not all, of their con-
victions that were predicated on the residual clause. Alt-
hough the District Court could have vacated petitioners'
sentences for only those invalid counts, petitioners
caught yet another lucky break. The District Court opted
4 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

to vacate their entire sentences and ordered plenary resen-
tencing on the remaining counts. Petitioners now try to
push their luck even further, contending that the District
Court should apply the First Step Act's reduced mandatory
minimum for their remaining counts.
II
As all agree, petitioners' argument requires us to inter-
pret what Congress meant when it said "a sentence for the
offense has not been imposed as of [the Act's] date of enact-
ment." What first jumps out about this provision is that
Congress used the present-perfect tense in the phrase "has
not been imposed." The present-perfect tense "denotes an
act, state, or condition that" is either (1) "now completed" or
(2) "continues up to the present." The Chicago Manual of
Style.132, p. 268 (17th ed. 2017).
Context often indicates whether a speaker is using the
former sense of the present-perfect tense (e.g., "he has been
awarded a trophy") or the latter sense of the present-perfect
tense (e.g., "he has trained for a trophy for the last three
years"). See B. Garner, The Chicago Guide to Grammar,
Usage, and Punctuation 97 (2016). Consider the following
example. Suppose I ask a man passing by a courthouse,
"Has a sentence been imposed on John Smith?" He could
respond either, "Yes, on July 1" or "Yes, since July 1." The
former response is perhaps the more natural one, and it as-
sumes I asked for the historical fact of Smith's sentencing
in the indefinite past. The latter response is correct (though
perhaps awkward), and it assumes I asked about the con-
tinuing legal validity of Smith's sentence up to the present.
The First Step Act's "grammatical structure conceivably
leaves some room for either reading," United States v. Uri-
arte, 975 F. 3d 596, 607 (CA7 2020) (en banc) (Barrett, J.,
dissenting), but petitioners lose either way. On one hand,
the phrase "a sentence... has... been imposed as of [the
Act's] date of enactment" could refer to the historical fact
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

ALITO, J., dissenting

that a district court imposed a sentence before the Act's pas-
sage, regardless of whether that sentence remains legally
valid in the future. This "historical-fact interpretation"
plainly forecloses relief for petitioners because, as no one
disputes, the District Court first imposed their sentences
well before the Act's passage.1 On the other hand, "a sen-
tence... has... been imposed as of [the Act's] date of en-
actment" could mean that a defendant was subject to a le-
gally valid sentence that continued to be in force on the
Act's enactment date. But again, petitioners did have le-
gally valid sentences "as of [the Act's] date of enactment,"
so they lose under this "legal-validity interpretation" of the
Act too.2
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The Court dismisses the historical-fact interpretation out of hand be-

cause, as it understands English grammar, the present-perfect tense re-
quires "a connection to the present." Ante, at 7,. But before pro-
nouncing new rules of grammar, the Court might first consider
consulting the authorities it cites. See, e.g., R. Huddleston & G. Pullum,
The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language 144 (2002) (noting
the "present perfect allows for the inclusion, under restrictive conditions,
of a past time adjunct"). As these authorities suggest, the present-perfect
tense allows one to say, for example, "[h]e has got up at five o'clock," ibid.
(emphasis deleted), or "he has played golf before yesterday."
2 The Act's requirement that a sentence "has... been imposed as of

[the Act's] date of enactment" provides an essential temporal benchmark
for both the historical-fact and the legal-validity interpretation. Re-
markably, however, the Court reads this requirement out of the Act en-
tirely. The Court insists that sentencing courts should "read" the First
Step Act at "the moment of resentencing," without any reference to the
Act's enactment date. Ante, at 8,. But the Court is mistaken. It
starts on the right foot, acknowledging the "widely accepted modern leg-
islative drafting convention that a law should not be read to speak as of
the date of enactment." Carr v. United States, (2010)
(ALITO, J., dissenting). This "convention" provides that, "except in unu-
sual circumstances," "all laws... should be written in the present tense"
to ensure that a " 'legislative provision speaks as of any date on which it
is read (rather than as of when drafted, enacted, or put into effect).' "
Ibid., p. 4 (1997) (emphasis deleted)). But the First Step
Act is such an "unusual circumstanc[e]" in which Congress deviated from
6 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

Realizing the Act's use of the present-perfect tense alone
cannot help petitioners, the Court invents a novel "vacatur"
principle to supercharge the legal-validity interpretation.
The Court tells us that the First Step Act incorporates the
background "presumption" that "vacated court orders are
void ab initio and thus lack any prospective legal effect."
Ante, at 10. This revamped version of the legal-validity in-
terpretation means that "a sentence... has... been im-
posed as of [the Act's] date of enactment" if a defendant re-
ceives a legally valid sentence before the Act's passage and
that sentence is never, at any future time, vacated. Under
this view, the 2022 vacatur of petitioners' 2012 sentences
implies that, "[b]y operation of [a] legal fiction," their 2012
sentences "never occurred" and so could not have been le-
gally valid as of the Act's enactment date. Ibid.
The Court's vacatur-inflected legal-validity interpreta-
tion thus rests on two necessary premises. First, the legal-
validity interpretation is superior to the historical-fact in-
terpretation. Second, the Act incorporates the "vacatur"
principle. If either premise falters, so does the Court's in-
terpretation. In my view, there is little doubt that both of
the necessary premises fail.
III
A
To start, the most plausible reading of the retroactivity
provision is that "a sentence... has... been imposed"
when, as a matter of historical fact, a district court has sen-
tenced a defendant. Subsequent legal changes -- such as the
vacatur of a previously imposed sentence -- do not change
the purely historical fact that a defendant was, at a point
in time, actually sentenced. When the Act asks whether a
sentence "has... been imposed," it refers to the unchanging
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
this "convention." The Act takes the unusual steps of referencing the
date on which it was "enacted" and employing the present-perfect tense,
not the ordinary present tense.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

ALITO, J., dissenting

historical fact of sentencing and whether it occurred before
the "date of enactment."
To see why, begin with the word "imposed." A "sentence
is imposed" when there is a "pronouncement of judgment."
Lott v. United States, (1961); see Young
v. United States, 943 F. 3d 460, 463 (CADC 2019) ("[I]n or-
dinary usage a sentence is 'imposed' when the district court
pronounces it"). The Sentencing Reform Act treats the "im-
position" of a sentence as the moment when a district court
"state[s] in open court the reasons for... the particular sen-
tence." 18 U. S. C. ; Black's Law Dictionary 1470
(12th ed. 2024) (defining "pronounce" as "announce for-
mally"). The word "imposed" is thus most naturally under-
stood to refer to a concrete "action by a district court" that
occurs at a specific point in time. Uriarte, 975 F. 3d, at 607
(Barrett, J., dissenting); see also United States v. Carpen-
ter, 80 F. 4th 790, 791 (CA6 2023) (Kethledge, J., concurring
in denial of rehearing en banc) ("[T]he act of imposing a sen-
tence could not possibly 'continue up to the present' -- be-
cause the imposition of a sentence occurs at a fixed point in
time"). A defendant may be sentenced, resentenced, and
resentenced again, and at each hearing a sentence is "im-
posed" even if some of those sentences are later set aside as
legally invalid.
Our cases and other provisions of Title 18 confirm that
the word "imposed" marks the historical point at which a
sentence is pronounced regardless of whether that sentence
has continuing legal validity. For example, in the midst of
a discussion about plenary resentencing (a topic of particu-
lar relevance to these cases), we once noted that "[i]n re-
manded cases... trial courts have imposed a sentence on
the remaining counts longer than the sentence originally
imposed on those particular counts." Greenlaw v. United
States, (2008). In an-
other case, a joint opinion of the Court noted that the "death
8 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

sentences imposed for armed robbery, however, were va-
cated." Gregg v. Georgia, -- 162 (1976)
(opinion of Stewart, Powell, and Stevens, JJ.). In both instances, our use of "imposed" signified
only that a court had, at some point in time, pronounced a
sentence. Our use of "imposed" could not possibly be under-
stood to refer to the legal validity of those later-invalidated
sentences. Further, in other parts of Title 18, Congress
uses "imposed" to signify the historical fact of a sentence,
not its continuing legal validity. See, e.g., (2) (al-
lowing a defendant to appeal "an otherwise final sentence
if the sentence... was imposed as a result of an incorrect
application of the sentencing guidelines"); (1) (em-
powering courts of appeals to remand on a finding that "the
sentence was imposed in violation of law"). I see no reason
to think Congress intended a different meaning of "im-
posed" in another provision of Title 18.
Additional support for the historical-fact interpretation is
found in Congress's use of the phrase "a sentence." The
word "a" is an "indefinite article" that "points to a non-
specific object, thing, or person that is not distinguished
from the other members of a class." B. Garner, Modern
English Usage 1195 (5th ed. 2022) (Modern English Usage).
"When used as an indefinite article, 'a' means '[s]ome unde-
termined or unspecified particular.' " McFadden v. United
States, (2015) ). In that sense, Con-
gress's use of the indefinite article lends a broad construc-
tion to the word "sentence," as if to say "any sentence" ever
imposed, including a later-vacated sentence. In conjunction
with the word "imposed," the phrase "a sentence" thus puts
the statutory focus on the existence of any kind of sentence
pronounced in the record, regardless of that sentence's pre-
sent legal status.
Indeed, contrary to the Court's suggestion, the word "sen-
tence" does not ineluctably mean a "legally valid" sentence.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

ALITO, J., dissenting

Our own cases prove the point because we have often found
it necessary to clarify whether a sentence is valid or invalid.
See, e.g., Swarthout v. Cooke, (2011) (per
curiam) ("There is no right under the Federal Constitution
to be conditionally released before the expiration of a valid
sentence" ); Pollard v. United States, 360 (1957) ("The only sentence that was en-
tered at the 1952 hearing was the one of probation, admit-
tedly invalid because of petitioner's absence" ); Richmond v. Lewis, (1992) ("[P]eti-
tioner's conviction was found valid but his sentence invalid"
); see also Uriarte, 975 F. 3d, at 607 (Bar-
rett, J., dissenting) ("That is why it is perfectly coherent to
describe the procedural posture of a case by saying, 'a sen-
tence was imposed last year, but it has since been vacated
on appeal' "). If Congress sought to narrow "a sentence" in
a specialized way to indicate a legally valid sentence, it
could have referred to "a final sentence," "a legally valid
sentence," or more prosaically, "the sentence." Accord,
United States v. Hernandez, 107 F. 4th 965, 969 (CA11
2024).
Reading the retroactivity provision in context, the phrase
"a sentence has not been imposed" most straightforwardly
means that a district court has not, as a matter of historical
fact, sentenced a defendant for his offenses before
the Act's "date of enactment." So how can the Court read
the same text to refer to a presently valid sentence, rather
than one that was historically "imposed" in the past? See
ante, at 10. Bizarrely, the Court's analysis begins and ends
with Congress's use of the present-perfect tense. Through
the use of a single hypothetical, which does not resemble
the structure of the provision actually before us, the Court
draws the conclusion that "the present-perfect tense con-
veys to a listener that the event in question continues to be
true or valid." Ante, at 8. But, as I have explained, the
10 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

present-perfect tense is, as a general matter, capable of sup-
porting either the historical-fact or legal-validity interpre-
tation. The surrounding context and the specific words
Congress employed indicate how the present-perfect tense
may support one interpretation or the other. As to the ac-
tual words in the retroactivity provision ("imposed," "a sen-
tence"), the Court's textual analysis in Part III -- A is silent.3
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Court's legal-validity interpretation also rests on the mistaken

premise that the past-perfect tense best captures the historical-fact in-
terpretation. The Court claims "if an event is merely a relic of history
because it was voided by a subsequent action, the past-perfect (not the
present-perfect) tense would usually be the more appropriate verb
choice." Ante, at 8. I hope readers do not look to this Court as an author-
ity on English grammar because this broad pronouncement is badly mis-
taken. As support for its grammatical rule, the Court offers a hypothet-
ical: suppose a U. S. Olympic Committee rule says that "athletes may
call themselves Olympic champions if a gold medal 'has been awarded'
to them." Ante, at 7. If the Olympic gold medalist is stripped of her
medal, however, the Court claims she can no longer call herself an
"Olympic champion" under the rule. To enable our athlete to still call
herself an Olympic champion based on her now-stripped medal, the
Court tells us "the past-perfect" tense would be "more appropriate" (e.g.,
"she had been awarded such a medal"). Ante, at 8 -- 9. That is highly
debatable.
The only lesson taught by the Court's example is that the meaning of
language is heavily dependent on context. The obvious purpose of the
hypothetical rule is to restrict the class of individuals who are entitled to
the honor of calling themselves Olympic champions, and the Court pre-
sumes that the athlete in question lost her medal because she engaged
in improper conduct, e.g., taking performance-enhancing drugs. But sup-
pose the medal was taken away for an illegitimate reason. Some histo-
rians think that Jim Thorpe, a legendary Native American athlete who
dominated the 1912 Olympics, was stripped of his medals at least in part
because of racism. See B. Crawford, All American: The Rise and Fall of
Jim Thorpe 209 -- 210 (2005); J. Elfers, The Tour To End All Tours: the
Story of Major League Baseball's 1913 -- 1914 World Tour 18 (2003). That
was not completely undone until 2022, long after Thorpe died. See V.
Mather & T. Panja, Jim Thorpe Is Restored as Sole Winner of 1912 Olym-
pic Gold Medals, N. Y. Times, July 15, 2022. Suppose Thorpe had been
asked: "Have you ever been awarded an Olympic medal?" Would he have
been a liar if he answered "yes"? The Court seems to think so.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

ALITO, J., dissenting

The Court's failure to defend the legal-validity interpreta-
tion is thus an independently fatal blow to its holding.
B
Assuming the Court had proved up the legal-validity in-
terpretation, it would still need to establish its "vacatur"
principle. That is, it would still need to prove not only that
the Act is concerned with a sentence's continuing legal va-
lidity up to the "date of enactment," but also that the Act
hinges on the continuing validity of a sentence after the
date of enactment. The Court can prove as much only by
inventing a "legal fiction" that a vacated sentence "never
occurred." Ante, at 10. But one need only scratch the sur-
face of this purported "legal fiction" to understand how thor-
oughly unpersuasive it is.
As a preliminary matter, the Court's "vacatur" principle
does not exist. The Court assures us that there is a well-
established principle in the criminal law that "vacated
court orders are void ab initio and thus lack any prospective
legal effect." Ibid. It derives this rule by over-reading a few
creative turns of phrase in our cases. See ante, at 11 (stating
vacatur causes a conviction to be " 'wholly nullified and the
slate wiped clean' "); Pepper v. United States, (2011) (noting vacatur " 'wipe[s] the slate clean' ")). But
a more careful reading of our precedents and other provi-
sions in Title 18 indicates that vacatur does not erase the
historical fact of a previously imposed conviction or sen-
tence. Further, even if the "vacatur" principle exists, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Indeed, the Court offers no answer to the argument that the present-
perfect tense may be properly used to refer to a past event that was later
undone. Instead, the Court promises readers that an answer will come
in Part IV of its opinion -- i.e., the portions in which only three Justices
join. See ante, at 8,. But this promise goes unfulfilled. Part IV
contains no deus ex machina to salvage the Court's interpretation; ra-
ther, Part IV throws a celebration for the First Step Act, perhaps hoping
readers lose sight of the text behind all the confetti.
12 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

Act's retroactivity provision does not incorporate it.
1
Our precedents foreclose the Court's "vacatur" principle.
Take, for example, one of the cases the Court cites, Lewis v.
United States, (1980). See ante, at 11. There,
the defendant challenged his conviction under a federal
statute prohibiting " '[a]ny person who... has been con-
victed by a court of the United States or of a State' " from
" 'receiv[ing], possess[ing], or transport[ing]... any fire-
arm.' " 445 U. S., at 56, and (1) (1970 ed.)). The defendant argued that his
predicate state conviction was invalid because he lacked
counsel and that, as such, he could not be convicted as a
felon in possession under the federal statute. We assumed
that the predicate state conviction was subject to invalida-
tion (i.e., vacatur), see 445 U. S., at 58, but we nevertheless
upheld the felon-in-possession conviction. We reasoned
that the statute's "sweeping" language, which is phrased in
the present-perfect tense just like the First Step Act, fo-
cused on "the fact of a [predicate] felony conviction." Id., at
60. At the time of his federal offense, the defendant's state
conviction was extant and thus disabled him from firearm
possession. Congress made "[n]o exception" for "a person
whose outstanding [predicate] conviction ultimately might
turn out to be invalid for any reason." Id., at 62. So a sub-
sequent invalidation of his state predicate conviction due to
his lack of counsel would not render that conviction "invalid
for all purposes." Id., at 67. Lewis thus powerfully refutes
the Court's vacatur principle. If vacatur of the defendant's
predicate conviction implied the conviction "never
occurred," as the Court today insists, then his felon-in-
possession conviction could not stand. Ante, at 10. But that
is the very argument Lewis foreclosed.4

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 In responding to Lewis, the Court accidentally fires on its own posi-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

ALITO, J., dissenting

Although it supports the petitioners in this appeal, the
United States also concedes (albeit sheepishly in a footnote)
that the Court's "general background legal principle that
vacatur makes a sentence void from the start for all pur-
poses" is "incorrect." Brief for United States 27, (inter-
nal quotation marks and alterations omitted). As it
acknowledges, lower courts routinely follow Lewis and up-
hold convictions despite the later vacatur of predicate of-
fenses. See, e.g., Burrell v. United States, 384 F. 3d 22, 27 -- 
28 (CA2 2004) ("[I]t is the mere fact of [a prior] conviction
at the time of the charged possession, not the reliability of
the conviction, that establishes the (1) predicate"
); United States v. Rob-
erson, 752 F. 3d 517, 522 (CA1 2014) (upholding a convic-
tion for failure to register as a sex offender even though the
predicate sex offense was later vacated).
Moreover, as the United States also acknowledges,
Lewis's logic crosses into the constitutional context. Con-
sider Bravo-Fernandez v. United States, (2016),
in which we considered the application of issue preclusion
under the Double Jeopardy Clause when a jury returns in-
consistent verdicts. It is well established that if a jury con-
victs on one count but acquits on another count involving
the same conduct, the acquittal has no issue preclusive ef-
fect. See id., at 13. Likewise, if a jury acquits on one count
but fails to reach agreement on another count, the acquittal
has such an effect. See id., at 13 -- 14. In Bravo-Fernandez,
a jury convicted on one count but acquitted on others that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
tion. The Court justifies Lewis's holding by explaining that "the defend-
ant's prior felony conviction had 'never been overturned' -- i.e., vacated -- 
at the time he possessed the weapon." Ante, at 11, ). But that is precisely the point.
Lewis afforded "prospective legal effect" to the defendant's vacated con-
viction by refusing to ignore the historical fact of his predicate conviction
even after the vacatur. I see no way to reconcile that reasoning with the
Court's rule that a vacated sentence never "retains prospective legal ef-
fect." Ibid.
14 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

were claimed to involve the same conduct. The conviction,
however, was vacated due to "an unrelated legal error," and
the defendant argued that the Court should treat the con-
viction as if it had never occurred and that the acquittal had
issue preclusive effect barring reprosecution. Id., at 9. We
rejected this argument, holding that the conviction's later
invalidation did not "erase" its historical existence for the
purposes of issue preclusion because the vacatur did not
"bear on the factual determinations actually and neces-
sarily made by the jury." Id., at 21. Bravo-Fernandez thus treated the histori-
cal fact of a later-vacated conviction as legally relevant,
which is irreconcilable with the Court's "vacatur" principle.
The only " 'unexpressed presumptio[n]' " I can derive from
our cases and those from the courts of appeals is the oppo-
site of the one the Court advances today. Ante, at 10 (quot-
ing Bond v. United States, (2014)).
2
Congress too has rejected the Court's "vacatur" principle.
In the Sentencing Reform Act, Congress "se[t] forth a spe-
cial... background principle" that is incompatible with the
"vacatur" rule invented today. Dorsey v. United States, (2012) (emphasis deleted).5 That is, after a
sentence is vacated, a district court during resentencing
must apply the Sentencing Guidelines that "were in effect
on the date of the previous sentencing of the defendant
prior to the appeal." 18 U. S. C. (1). The vacatur
of an initial sentence thus does not "wipe the slate clean" in
relation to the Guidelines range. Contra, Pepper, 562 U. S.,
at 507. Petitioners try to write off this provision as a devi-
ation from the background presumption that vacatur voids
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 In Dorsey, 567 U. S., at 275, we referred to 18 U. S. C.

(4)(A)(ii) as establishing the relevant "background principle."
That provision incorporates by reference the anti-vacatur rule of.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

ALITO, J., dissenting

a sentence ab initio. See Brief for Petitioner Hewitt 24;
Brief for Petitioner Duffey et al. 47. But (1)'s anti-
vacatur rule cannot be described as a minor exception to an
otherwise widespread principle. The rule does not appear
in some "little-used backwater" of the Sentencing Reform
Act. West Virginia v. EPA, (2022). Ra-
ther, it is incorporated into the default procedures that ap-
ply in every criminal sentencing.6 See (4)(A)(ii),
(a)(5)(B).
In short, the Court's failure to "sho[w] that its own rule... existed as a background matter when Congress enacted"
the First Step Act is fatal to its position. Coinbase, Inc. v.
Bielski, -- 754 (2023) (JACKSON, J., dis-
senting).
3
Even assuming the "vacatur" principle is not a figment of
the Court's imagination, it lacks any foothold in the Act's
text. "When called on to resolve a dispute over a statute's
meaning, this Court normally seeks to afford the law's
terms their ordinary meaning at the time Congress adopted
them." Niz-Chavez v. Garland, (2021).
Of course, we sometimes look to principles beyond the four
corners of a statute to understand the background against
which Congress legislated. But we typically do so in dis-
crete situations. For example, we look to background
common-law principles to fill in obvious gaps in statutes,
such as a missing mens rea element in a criminal statute.
See, e.g., Staples v. United States, (1994)

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The portion of the opinion in which only three Justices join expresses

concern that, under the historical-fact interpretation, district judges will
struggle "to reference, recall, and apply the superseded 'stacking' re-
gime." Ante, at 19. But I have far more faith in district judges' ability to
enforce older sentencing regimes. Indeed, district judges' familiarity
with 18 U. S. C., which routinely requires them to apply obso-
lete Sentencing Guidelines in the present, is proof positive.
16 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

(mens rea); Agency Holding Corp. v. Malley-Duff & Associ-
ates, Inc., (1987) (statutes of limitations);
Marx v. General Revenue Corp., (2013)
(attorney's fees and costs). Or we import extra-textual
meaning when Congress employs a "term of art that had an
established meaning under" a relevant "backdrop." Stewart
v. Dutra Constr. Co., (2005).
The First Step Act fits neither mold, and the Court makes
no effort in Part III -- B to analyze how its "vacatur" principle
maps on to the text. The Court points to no obvious gap in
the Act's retroactivity provision that could be filled with
"recognized" "background principles of construction."
Bond, 572 U. S., at 857. Nor does the Court suggest that
the utterly ordinary words in the Act's retroactivity provi-
sion carry some specialized meaning related to vacatur. "In
the absence of some strong contrary indication" of special-
ized meaning, we must " 'assume that the ordinary mean-
ing' " of words like "sentence," which captures both extant
and vacated sentences, "controls." Monsalvo Velázquez v.
Bondi, 604 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (ALITO, J., dissenting) ; see Part III -- A, supra.
C
The superiority of the historical-fact interpretation and
the nonexistence of the Court's "vacatur" principle are in-
dependent reasons to reject the Court's holding. But even
if the matter were close, two more factors counsel against
the Court's rule.
First, the retroactivity provision's title -- "APPLICABILITY
TO PENDING CASES" -- advises against the Court's boundless
interpretation. "[T]he title of a statute and the heading of
a section are tools available for the resolution of a doubt
about the meaning of a statute." Dubin v. United States,
-- 121 (2023) ; see also Yates v. United States, 
(2015) (ALITO, J., concurring in judgment) ("Titles can be
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

ALITO, J., dissenting

useful devices to resolve doubt about the meaning of a stat-
ute" ). Here, the phrase
"Pending Cases" suggests Congress was concerned with the
finite population of defendants who, on the date of the First
Step Act's enactment, lacked an initial sentence for 
offenses. See Black's Law Dictionary, at 1366 (defining
"pending" as "[r]emaining undecided; awaiting decision");
Modern English Usage 813 (defining "pending" as "await-
ing an outcome"). But the Court's "vacatur" principle would
obliterate that closed set and refashion the retroactivity
provision as an open-ended entitlement for any defendant
convicted of multiple offenses whose sentence is va-
cated at any time and for any reason. That means, as the
United States concedes, the "universe" of "Pending Cases"
would "increase," for example, "anytime this Court issues a
decision that affects the validity of 924(c) sentences." Tr. of
Oral Arg. 49. If Congress intended the retroactivity provi-
sion to benefit such an amorphous population that may for-
ever grow in size, I seriously doubt it would have labeled
the Act's retroactivity provision with the phrase "Pending
Cases."
Second, the presumption against retroactivity further
weighs against the Court's unnecessarily broad interpreta-
tion. The Federal Saving Statute sets forth "an important
background principle of interpretation" that "a new crimi-
nal statute that 'repeal[s]' an older criminal statute shall
not change the penalties 'incurred' under that older statute
'unless the repealing Act shall so expressly provide.' "
Dorsey, 567 U. S., at 272, 274. Ac-
cordingly, Congress may give retroactive effect to new re-
ductions in criminal penalties, but it must do so with "plain
import" or "fair implication." 567 U. S., at 275. Here, the First Step Act pro-
vides a clear intent to rebut the presumption against retro-
activity as to offenders for whom a sentence "has not been
imposed." Although I believe the scope of that retroactivity
18 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

command is sufficiently clear for the reasons I have already
given, to the extent there is any ambiguity about how far
the Act's retroactivity command should go, the presumption
puts a thumb on the scale against construing the retroac-
tivity command to its broadest extent as the Court does to-
day.
IV
After the Court is through with the text and nonexistent
principles of vacatur, three Justices continue on for pages,
sparing no effort, to extol the "much-anticipated, much-
heralded" First Step Act. Ante, at 15. But what is the point
of all this lauding? Perhaps realizing the weakness of their
textual argument, the three Justices think it wise to spruce
up the opinion. They attempt to do so by asserting that
when a " 'bipartisan' " "supermajority" of Congress passes
"landmark" legislation, it intends to go big, down to the very
last subsection (or here, application note to a subsection).
Ante, at 3; ante, at 15 (opinion of JACKSON, J., joined by
SOTOMAYOR and KAGAN, JJ.). So I gather they would have
us broadly construe every atom of the "landmark" First
Step Act in a way that furthers Congress's supposedly
grand ambition to turn the page on "harsh" sentencing
practices. Ante, at 16.
There is no "landmark" canon of construction requiring
the Court to construe important legislation to its furthest
possible implication. " '[N]o legislation pursues its purposes
at all costs.' " American Express Co. v. Italian Colors Res-
taurant, (2013) (per curiam)).
Indeed, just last Term we rejected the same sort of "land-
mark" argument when interpreting a different provision of
the First Step Act. See Pulsifer v. United States, -- 152 (2024). Experience shows that more often
than not, "landmark" legislation reflects the necessary log-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

ALITO, J., dissenting

rolling of the legislative process, which prizes political com-
promise over statutory clarity. That reality cautions
against the precise move the Court makes today: an infer-
ence that Congress hid in an "ancillary" and intentionally
circumscribed provision a retroactivity command that
would "alter the fundamental details" of how sen-
tencing should work for all time. Whitman v. American
Trucking Assns., Inc., (2001).
The three-Justice opinion rattles off the public criticisms
that supposedly spurred Congress to reform the practice of
sentence "stacking." But this discussion is beside
the point. Nothing in this multi-page discussion sheds light
on how Members of Congress understood the retroactivity
provision before us.
Carried away with its enthusiasm for the changes ef-
fected by the First Step Act, the three Justices bestow an
entirely undeserved windfall on the actual petitioners in
these cases. Due to the especially violent nature of their
robberies,7 petitioners were convicted of more than a dozen
offenses, about half of which were not predicated on
's residual clause.
In 2019 we decided Davis and provided a basis to set
aside petitioners' convictions under the residual
clause, but Davis did nothing to disturb petitioners' other
convictions and associated mandatory-minimum
sentences. In cases "involv[ing] multicount indictments
and a successful attack by a defendant on some but not all
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Dubbed the "Scarecrow Bandits" due to their plaid-shirt and floppy-

hat disguises, petitioners and their confederates "violently robbed" a
string of banks in the Dallas-Fort Worth area around 2008. 2009 WL
2356156, *1 (ND Tex. July 30, 2009); see FBI, Scarecrow Bandit Leader
Sentenced to 355 Years in Federal Prison on Bank Robbery and Firearms
Convictions (May 5, 2010). During the robberies, the Scarecrow Bandits
held bank employees and customers at gunpoint and physically as-
saulted them with firearms and stun guns. See 2009 WL 2356156, *1.
In total, the conspiracy stole more than $350,000 before authorities
caught up with them. See Brief for United States 7.
20 HEWITT v. UNITED STATES

ALITO, J., dissenting

of the counts of conviction," a court, "in such instances, may
vacate the entire sentence on all counts" and "reconfigure
the sentencing plan" in toto. Greenlaw, 554 U. S., at 253.8 But, as petitioners' counsel conceded,
courts are under "no obligation" to follow this convention
and may instead choose to vacate only those parts of the
sentence related to an intervening change in law. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 15. Nor does this strike me as a case in which full
vacatur was warranted. Section 924(c) convictions must
run consecutively "with any other term of imprisonment."
(1)(D)(ii). So sentences are presumably eas-
ier to identify and extract from a defendant's total term of
imprisonment, often obviating the need for a plenary resen-
tencing. The likely unnecessary vacatur of each petitioner's
entire sentence was thus a stroke of good fortune that
opened the door to petitioners' First Step Act claims.9 The
lower courts (correctly) rejected those efforts, but petition-
ers have found a sympathetic audience in this Court. The
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The chief reason for vacating perfectly valid convictions in such cases

is to allow the sentencing court to consider whether the sentence previ-
ously imposed on a valid count provides sufficient punishment for the
defendant's conduct. See Greenlaw, 554 U. S., at 253 -- 254. Suppose a
defendant is convicted of two offenses, each with a 5-year mandatory
minimum. The sentencing judge, thinking that the appropriate punish-
ment for the defendant's criminal conduct is 10 years' imprisonment, im-
poses a 5-year term of imprisonment on both counts and runs the counts
consecutively. If one of the counts of conviction is reversed and the case
is remanded, the sentencing judge may wish to enlarge the initial 5-year
sentence on the remaining count to 10 years' imprisonment. So the de-
fendant "ultimately may gain nothing from his limited success on ap-
peal." Id., at 254. It is therefore ironic that the unnecessary vacatur of
petitioners' valid convictions has given them a benefit.
9 The District Court's willingness to vacate petitioners' entire sen-

tences appears to have been informed by the position of the United
States, which "agreed" with petitioners that the "sentences on all re-
maining counts should be vacated." Agreed Order in No. 3:08 -- cr -- 167
(ND Tex., Nov. 2, 2021), ECF Doc. 700, p. 2 (Ross); see Agreed Order in
No. 3:08 -- cr -- 167 (June 14, 2021), ECF Doc. 672, p. 2 (Duffey); Agreed Or-
der in No. 3:08 -- cr -- 167 (Aug. 19, 2021), ECF Doc. 683, p. 2 (Hewitt).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

ALITO, J., dissenting

three Justices attribute today's outcome to grand congres-
sional design coming to fruition, but in reality, petitioners'
change in fortune can be attributed only to the happen-
stance of legal developments with not the faintest relation-
ship to the First Step Act.
* * *
The Court ignores Congress's intention to afford only lim-
ited retroactive relief to certain offenders under the First
Step Act. Instead, the Court embraces an interpretation
that has no limiting principle and affords petitioners a
windfall. That is an indefensible result based on indefensi-
ble reasoning. I cannot agree with the Court's decision, so
I must respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON delivered the opinion of the Court.
Incarcerated individuals who seek to challenge their im-
prisonment through a federal habeas petition are generally
afforded one opportunity to do so. See 28 U. S. C.,
2244. Before a federal court can address a petitioner's sec-
ond or successive federal habeas filing on the merits, the
incarcerated filer must clear strict procedural hurdles that
the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996
(AEDPA) erects. See. This case presents the ques-
tion of how to classify a second-in-time habeas filing when
the judgment denying the first application is under review
on appeal. Does that second habeas-related submission
qualify as a second or successive application, thereby trig-
gering 's stringent gatekeeping requirements?
We hold that, in general, once the district court has en-
tered its judgment with respect to the first habeas petition,
a second-in-time application qualifies as "second or succes-
sive" and is thus properly subject to the requirements of.
2 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

I
In 2012, a Texas state-court jury convicted petitioner
Danny Rivers of continuous sexual abuse of a child, two
forms of indecency with a child, and possession of child por-
nography. Rivers unsuccessfully sought direct appeal and
state habeas relief.
In August 2017, Rivers filed his first federal habeas peti-
tion under 28 U. S. C., a statute that permits a fed-
eral court to evaluate a state prisoner's claim "that he is in
custody in violation of the Constitution or laws or treaties
of the United States.". In that habeas petition,
Rivers asserted, inter alia, claims of prosecutorial miscon-
duct, ineffective assistance of trial and appellate counsel,
and due process and equal protection violations.
The District Court denied Rivers's habeas petition, issu-
ing its judgment in September 2018. Rivers then invoked
the procedure that AEDPA prescribes for seeking to chal-
lenge a habeas denial in the court of appeals: He
asked the Fifth Circuit to give him what is known as a "cer-
tificate of appealability."1 A Fifth Circuit Judge granted
Rivers's request in July 2020, but only as to his claim for
ineffective assistance of counsel.
While his appeal was pending, Rivers gained access to his
own client file, which had been in his trial counsel's posses-
sion. The file contained a state investigator's report that
discussed two computer documents Rivers believed were re-
lated to his convictions; one document was labeled "of inter-
est," while the other was specifically described as "not child
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Individuals seeking to appeal the denial of a habeas petition

must receive permission to do so by obtaining such a certificate. See
(1)(A) ("[A]n appeal may not be taken to the court of appeals from... the final order in a habeas corpus proceeding in which the detention
complained of arises out of process issued by a State court" "[u]nless a
circuit justice or judge issues a certificate of appealability"). A certificate
of appealability can issue "only if the applicant has made a substantial
showing of the denial of a constitutional right." (2).
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

porn." App. 94 (capitalization deleted). Rivers promptly re-
quested to supplement the Fifth Circuit's case record with
this purportedly exculpatory information, but the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied that request. Rivers then asked the appellate
panel to either stay the appeal or remand the case to the
District Court to allow him to present this new evidence to
the lower court in the first instance. See id., at 99 (arguing
that "justice and judicial economy would best be served" if
a single court considered "all grounds" for relief (capitaliza-
tion deleted)). The Fifth Circuit rejected the stay-or-re-
mand request as well and, thereafter, affirmed the District
Court's denial of Rivers's petition on the merits. This
Court denied certiorari. See Rivers v. Lumpkin, 598 U. S.
___ (2023).
Notably for present purposes, after the Fifth Circuit de-
nied Rivers's request to supplement the record, Rivers filed
another petition with the District Court. This peti-
tion included the newly obtained state investigator's report
and raised claims for relief related to that evidence. A Mag-
istrate Judge recommended that this second-in-time ha-
beas petition be classified as a "second or successive" ha-
beas application for purposes. Rivers objected,
arguing that his second filing should not be con-
strued as a new habeas application. Rather, Rivers as-
serted, the new filing should be treated as an amendment
to his initial habeas petition, because the judgment related
to that first petition was still on appeal.
The District Court rejected Rivers's argument. It con-
cluded that the second-in-time filing was a second or suc-
cessive habeas petition subject to (2) and trans-
ferred the filing to the Fifth Circuit for a determination
whether (2)'s gatekeeping requirements for second
or successive habeas petitions had been satisfied. See Part
II, infra. Rivers then appealed the District Court's transfer
order, again insisting that his filing was not a second or suc-
cessive habeas petition (as opposed to a motion to amend)
4 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

"because his first-in-time petition was still pending on ap-
peal." Rivers v. Lumpkin, 99 F. 4th 216, 218 (CA5 2024).
The Fifth Circuit affirmed. In its view, "the timing of Riv-
ers's second-in-time petition d[id] not permit him to circum-
vent the requirements for filing successive petitions under." Id., at 221. The panel reasoned that the District
Court could have treated the second-in-time filing as a re-
quest to amend under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 15 if
the judgment relating to Rivers's first petition had been va-
cated on appeal and the case reopened in the District Court.
Ibid. But because the judgment as to the first petition had
not been so vacated, "Rivers's second-in-time habeas peti-
tion" was a "second or successive" petition that was "subject
to the district court's transfer order for lack of jurisdiction
absent authorization to file." Id., at 223.
The Fifth Circuit's decision entrenched a Circuit split
over how to characterize a second-in-time habeas filing that
is filed when an appeal of the judgment of the first habeas
filing is pending.2 Is the second filing a "second or succes-
sive" habeas petition for purposes, or not? We
granted certiorari to resolve that split. 604 U. S. ___ (2024).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The majority of Circuits to consider the issue have concluded that

applies to a second-in-time habeas filing as of the district court's
entry of final judgment related to the first application, regardless of the
status of any appeal. See, e.g., Balbuena v. Sullivan, 980 F. 3d 619, 641 -- 
642 (CA9 2020); Phillips v. United States, 668 F. 3d 433, 435 -- 436 (CA7
2012); Ochoa v. Sirmons, 485 F. 3d 538, 540 -- 541 (CA10 2007) (per cu-
riam); Williams v. Norris, 461 F. 3d 999, 1003 -- 1004 (CA8 2006). The
Second Circuit, by contrast, has held that "so long as appellate proceed-
ings following the district court's dismissal of the initial petition remain
pending when a subsequent petition is filed, the subsequent petition does
not come within AEDPA's gatekeeping provisions for 'second or succes-
sive' petitions." Whab v. United States, 408 F. 3d 116, 118 (2005) (em-
phasis added); see also United States v. Santarelli, 929 F. 3d 95, 105
(CA3 2019) ("join[ing] the Second Circuit").
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

II
Habeas petitioners are generally entitled to "one fair op-
portunity" to litigate the merits of their postconviction
claims in federal court. Banister v. Davis, (2020); see also Slack v. McDaniel, -- 
486 (2000); Stewart v. Martinez-Villareal, (1998). When a person seeks to bring a subsequent fed-
eral habeas challenge to his detention, "the road gets rock-
ier." Banister, 590 U. S., at 509. AEDPA contains several
significant procedural barriers that strictly limit a court's
ability to hear "claim[s] presented" in any "second or suc-
cessive habeas corpus application." (1), (2).
Several of those barriers are relevant to the issue pre-
sented in this case. First, prohibits habeas appli-
cants from filing a subsequent petition that relitigates the
merits of previously denied claims. See (1) (stating
that any claim that "was presented in a prior application
shall be dismissed"). Second, even if the subsequent peti-
tion presents a new claim, the second-in-time application
can only proceed if it "falls within one of two narrow cate-
gories": The claim must "rel[y] on a new and retroactive rule
of constitutional law" or "alleg[e] previously undiscoverable
facts that would establish [the petitioner's] innocence."
Banister, 590 U. S., at 509; see also (2). Addition-
ally, a petitioner cannot bring a second or successive habeas
application directly to the district court. Instead, he must
first go to the court of appeals and make a "prima facie
showing" that the petition satisfies one of (2)'s ex-
ceptions, and that court has to grant authorization for the
petitioner to proceed in district court. (3). And
then, even when such leave is granted, the district court
must independently confirm that the petition satisfies the
requirements of (2). See (4).
These rules apply to second-in-time habeas filings even if
the filing is not styled as a habeas application by the
6 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

filer -- so long as the document is a petition in sub-
stance. For example, a self-styled "motion" that "seeks to
add a new ground for relief " or "attacks the federal court's
previous resolution of a claim on the merits" can be con-
strued as a second or successive petition and forced to face
the gauntlet of, no matter how it is labeled. Gon-
zalez v. Crosby, (2005) (emphasis de-
leted).
III
Respondent presents two arguments for why we lack ju-
risdiction over today's dispute about how Rivers's second-
in-time habeas filing should be characterized: first, that
Rivers lacks standing because his injury is not redressable;
and second, that the Court lacks habeas jurisdiction be-
cause Rivers's child-pornography sentence has expired. For
his part, Rivers makes two alternative arguments about the
merits. He maintains that the second-in-time habeas peti-
tion does not trigger the second-or-successive requirements
of because his appeal of the first petition was pend-
ing when he filed the second one. Alternatively, he argues
that his second-in-time filing should be construed as a mo-
tion to amend -- and, so construed, does not qualify as an
"application" to which 's requirements apply.
A
We begin our analysis by quickly disposing of respond-
ent's contention that we lack jurisdiction. Respondent first
insists that Rivers lacks standing because the Fifth Circuit
has now affirmed the District Court's judgment denying the
initial habeas petition on the merits, and this Court lacks
the authority to reopen that judgment in this separate liti-
gation. But a favorable decision from this Court would re-
dress Rivers's alleged injury -- namely, that the District
Court inappropriately transferred his second-in-time ha-
beas application to the Fifth Circuit for review under
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court. Rivers therefore has appellate standing with re-
spect to that legal claim. See Food Marketing Institute v.
Argus Leader Media, (2019).
Respondent is also mistaken regarding the contention
that the Court lacks habeas jurisdiction because Rivers is
no longer in custody on the child-pornography conviction
that the second habeas filing challenges. See (per-
mitting an application from an individual "in custody").
The record establishes that the newly discovered evidence
Rivers wants the federal courts to consider implicates the
sexual-abuse sentences for which Rivers remains incarcer-
ated, too. Thus, we retain habeas jurisdiction to review his
claims.
B
1
Turning to the parties' merits arguments concerning Riv-
ers's second-in-time habeas filing, we note, to start, that the
phrase "second or successive... application" as it appears
in (2) is a "term of art" -- that is, it does not neces-
sarily " 'refer' to all habeas filings made 'second or succes-
sively in time,' following an initial application." Banister,
590 U. S., at 511 ). Instead, the second-or-successive moniker
applies only to "claim[s]" that have been presented in sub-
sequently filed "applications." (2). A "claim," as
that term is used in, is "an asserted federal basis
for relief " from the judgment of conviction. Gonzalez, 545
U. S., at 530. And an "application" is "a filing that seeks 'an
adjudication' " of one of those claims " 'on the merits.' " Ibid.
;
emphasis deleted); see also Gonzalez, 545 U. S., at 533 (ex-
plaining that motions that do not "substantively addres[s]
federal grounds for setting aside the movant's state convic-
tion," for example, are not subject to the second-or-succes-
sive bar).
8 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

Rivers acknowledges that his second-in-time filing
"raised several new claims" that he had not presented pre-
viously to the District Court. Pet. for Cert. 12. Still, in his
petition for certiorari -- and, to a lesser extent, his merits
brief -- Rivers argues that this filing did not qualify as a sec-
ond or successive application triggering because it
was submitted during the pendency of his appeal of the
judgment related to his first habeas petition. Id., at 24;
Brief for Petitioner 37. We do not agree with that proposi-
tion. Our case law establishes instead that whether a filing
qualifies as a second or successive application generally
turns on the existence of a final judgment with respect to
the first petition, not the status of an appeal.
We have noted, for example, that "an amended petition,
filed after the initial one but before judgment, is not second
or successive" for purposes precisely because final
judgment has not issued. Banister, 590 U. S., at 512 (em-
phasis added). On the other hand, we have determined that
a motion for relief from judgment under Federal Rule of
Civil Procedure 60(b) (filed, obviously, after the judgment
has issued) counts as a second or successive application if
that filing "attacks the federal court's previous resolution of
the claim on the merits" or "seeks to add a new ground for
relief " not addressed by the judgment. Gonzalez, 545 U. S.,
at 532 (emphasis deleted).
Pointing to Banister, Rivers insists that this Court has
already rejected a moment-of-judgment rule for distin-
guishing between second-in-time filings that qualify as sec-
ond or successive applications and those that do not. But
our ruling in Banister related to a materially different filing
submitted in a materially different context. There, the
Court considered whether a motion to alter or amend a
judgment under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 59(e) -- i.e.,
a motion filed within 28 days that seeks to correct an error
in the District Court's judgment prior to an appeal -- should
be construed as a second or successive filing under.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

590 U. S., at 511. To be sure, the respondent in that case
had "urged this Court to hold that '[e]ntry of final judgment
is the dividing line between a first and second application,' "
as Rivers notes. Brief for Petitioner 37. But Rule 59(e) motions pre-
sent a unique variant to the otherwise generally applicable
rule that entry of final judgment separates first from second
or successive habeas filings.
Specifically, unlike a Rule 60(b) motion for relief from
judgment, which seeks to challenge an extant judgment, a
successful Rule 59(e) motion merely "suspends finality" of
the original judgment so that the district court can "fix any
mistakes and thereby perfect its judgment before a possible
appeal." Banister, 590 U. S., at 516. A Rule 59(e) motion is
"a limited continuation of the original proceeding -- indeed,
a part of producing the final judgment granting or denying
habeas relief." Id., at 521. As a result, disposition on a Rule
59(e) motion "merges into the final judgment" of the initial
habeas filing. Id., at 516.
In other words, Rule 59(e) motions are "attendant on the
initial habeas application" itself and "hel[p] produce a sin-
gle final judgment for appeal." Id., at 515 -- 516. Thus, they
are not themselves properly considered to be second or suc-
cessive filings under AEDPA. Id., at 517; see also id., at
518 -- 520 (contrasting this with second-in-time filings that
"collaterally attack [the District Court's] already completed
judgment" and from which appeal is "independent of the ap-
peal of the original petition"). When properly understood,
then, our decision in Banister actually supports the rule
that Rivers resists.
2
Rivers also maintains that it undermines the purposes of
AEDPA, and diverges from historical habeas doctrine and
practice, to conclude that second-in-time applications filed
10 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

during the pendency of an appeal trigger. See id.,
at 512 -- 513 (explaining that these factors are relevant to the
second-or-successive inquiry). But purpose and history do
not push us in the direction of adopting Rivers's preferred
interpretation either.
As we have said before, "[t]he point of 's [gate-
keeping] restrictions... is to conserve judicial resources,
reduce piecemeal litigation, and lend finality to state court
judgments within a reasonable time." Id., at 512 (internal
quotation marks and alterations omitted). Rivers argues
that his interpretation advances these aims by, for exam-
ple, steering new claims to district courts, which have the
"tools and experience that appellate courts lack" to termi-
nate suits and thereby "haste[n] finality." Brief for Peti-
tioner 34 (capitalization and boldface deleted). But the re-
ality is quite the opposite. If the second-or-successive line
is drawn at the end of the appellate-review period, a peti-
tioner could file any number of new applications raising
new claims during the pendency of appeal or certiorari re-
view, thereby prolonging the case seemingly indefinitely.
So, as a practical matter and in the mine-run case, Rivers's
theory would promote inefficiency by encouraging piece-
meal litigation, and would thus make it substantially more
difficult to "produce a single final judgment for appeal."
Banister, 590 U. S., at 516.
Rivers tries to bolster his congressional-intent-related ar-
guments by pointing to other postconviction provisions that
pin "finality" to the end of appellate review, not to the entry
of judgment. See, e.g., (1)(A) (running the 1-year
deadline to file a petition from "the date on which the
judgment became final by the conclusion of direct review or
the expiration of the time for seeking such review"). We
note, however, that these provisions are buoyed by different
animating purposes. The 1-year deadline for filing a 
petition, for example, promotes exhaustion of claims and re-
spects state-court processes, whereas AEDPA's second-or-
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

successive restrictions "constitute a modified res judicata
rule," Felker v. Turpin, (1996), that "bal-
ance[s]... finality and error correction," Jones v. Hendrix,
(2023). "It is thus hardly 'strange' that
rules governing exhaustion and the statute of limitations
for purposes of bringing an initial application differ from
those governing a successive application." Brief for Re-
spondent 38. With AEDPA's second-or-successive bar, Con-
gress chose to promote finality by requiring authorization
from the court of appeals to file successive petitions; the
question before us today is merely when that requirement
kicks in.
Rivers's appeal to historical habeas doctrine fares no bet-
ter because, prior to AEDPA, there was no clear or con-
sistent practice regarding how new habeas-related filings
were treated during the pendency of an appeal. Some
courts would consider new habeas filings on the merits, and
deny them, when the first-in-time habeas petition was un-
der appellate review.3 But others would dismiss such fil-
ings without reaching the merits, on the ground that they
were second or successive petitions not subject to review.4
It is difficult to know what to make of these inconsistent
practices, especially when Rivers fails to point to any case
in which a court actually granted habeas relief on a subse-
quent petition while the first was on appeal. The historical
picture is thus far too murky to be dispositive. Cf. Banister,
590 U. S., at 514 -- 515 (relying on historical case law that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 See, e.g., Giarratano v. Procunier, 891 F. 2d 483, 485 -- 487 (CA4 1989)

(affirming the denial of a mid-appeal Rule 60(b) motion on the merits);
Schewchun v. Edwards, 1987 WL 36402, *1 -- *2 (CA6, Feb. 19, 1987)
(same).
4 See, e.g., Behringer v. Johnson, 75 F. 3d 189, 189 -- 190 (CA5 1996)

(per curiam) (affirming denial of a Rule 60(b) motion containing new
claims filed while the first petition was pending on appeal as a successive
habeas petition); Hunt v. Nuth, 57 F. 3d 1327, 1331, 1338 -- 1339 (CA4
1995) (same).
12 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

indicated an overwhelming consensus in favor of the peti-
tioner's view). As such, Rivers's history and policy argu-
ments do not move the needle in our analysis.
In short, we reject Rivers's focus on the timing of his suc-
cessive filing relative to the pendency of his appeal, and we
conclude instead that it is the final judgment related to the
initial habeas filing that matters. Once the judgment has
been entered with respect to the initial habeas petition, a
second-in-time filing that makes new habeas claims gener-
ally qualifies as a second or successive petition for 
purposes.5
IV
Rivers's petition for certiorari posited the question we've
answered above. See Pet. for Cert. 1 (asking "whether 28
U. S. C. (2)'s rules for 'second or successive' habeas
petitions apply to a habeas filing made after the district
court has denied an initial petition but before an appellate
court has weighed in").6 But Rivers's merits briefing pivots
to articulate an additional theory, in the alternative: that
second-in-time filings that request amendment of the initial
habeas petition under Rule 15 of the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure do not -- by their nature -- qualify as second or
successive filings under. See Brief for Petitioner

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Although we hold today that an application is second or successive

under if a judgment on the merits has issued as to a first-in-
time petition even if the case remains pending on appeal, we neither de-
cide nor comment on whether the classification of a second-in-time peti-
tion must occur while the appeal is pending. That is, we take no position
on whether, in a case where the facts support doing so, a subsequent
filing can be held in abeyance until the first-in-time appeal has con-
cluded, as is the common practice in some Circuits. See, e.g., Santarelli,
929 F. 3d, at 105 -- 106.
6 See also Pet. for Cert. 2 (claiming that "[t]he Fifth Circuit's decision

deepen[ed] a circuit conflict over when (2) kicks in"); id., at 24
("Section 2244(b)(2) does not apply until appellate review of the first ha-
beas application is exhausted" (boldface deleted)).
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

23 ("[A]n 'amendment' is not a new and independent appli-
cation, but rather something that happens to an existing
application"); see also id., at 31 (describing Rule 15 motions
as "part and parcel of the initial application" (boldface de-
leted)). We decline to address this argument today for two
reasons.
First, Rivers failed to present this argument in his peti-
tion for certiorari or to the courts below. This new theory
for why his successive filing does not trigger does
not operate on the timing of the filing (i.e., whether, when
an appeal is pending, the filing is "second or successive"),
but, rather, on its nature (i.e., whether, when submitted un-
der Rule 15, the filing counts as an "application" at all).
Rivers did not cite -- the source of authority upon
which he relies for this alternative argument -- until his
opening merits brief in this Court. We have often said that
" '[w]e are a Court of review, not of first view.' " Moody v.
NetChoice, LLC, (2024) ). Rivers's al-
ternative argument thus "suffers from the legally fatal
problem that it makes its first appearance here in this
Court in the briefs on the merits." Ohio Forestry Assn., Inc.
v. Sierra Club, (1998).
Second, and in any event, we note that the factual predi-
cate necessary for Rivers's Rule 15 argument to help him in
this case is lacking. The District Court could not have
granted Rivers's Rule 15 motion to amend (assuming, ar-
guendo, that we treat his second-in-time filing as such)
while his habeas claims were being considered on appeal,
since jurisdiction had shifted to the Court of Appeals. See
Coinbase, Inc. v. Bielski, (2023). Recog-
nizing this, Rivers asserts that the District Court could
have issued an indicative ruling on this motion under Rule
62.1, which, in turn, might have persuaded the Fifth Circuit
to remand the case to the District Court for consideration
of the amendment. But there is one more missing piece
14 RIVERS v. GUERRERO

Opinion of the Court

(and it is crucial): Rivers never asked the District Court in
this case for such an indicative ruling. Nor does he argue
that the District Court abused its discretion by failing to
issue one sua sponte. Meanwhile, the Fifth Circuit consid-
ered -- and denied -- the actual remand motion that Rivers
filed with that court; he asked the Circuit to send the mat-
ter back to the District Court for consideration of the newly
discovered evidence, and we now lack jurisdiction to review
its refusal to do so.7
Thus, even if Rivers's filing in the District Court could
have been construed as a Rule 15 motion to amend, the Dis-
trict Court was powerless to grant it while his case was on
appeal, and the Fifth Circuit had no proclivity to remand
the matter to the District Court in any event. This means
that Rivers's alternative theory is of no use to him, and, as
such, we decline to address it.
* * *
A second-in-time petition generally qualifies as a
second or successive application, triggering the require-
ments of, when an earlier filed petition has been
decided on the merits and a judgment exists. Because the
Fifth Circuit correctly applied this straightforward rule, we
affirm.
It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 That Fifth Circuit ruling was associated with Rivers's first habeas

petition and is memorialized in a separate docket than the case which is
now on appeal. See App. 9 -- 12. We denied certiorari on April 3, 2023.
See Rivers v. Lumpkin, 598 U. S. ___.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 1
Pages 87 -- 99

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
February 21, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2023 87

Syllabus

McELRATH v. GEORGIA

certiorari to the supreme court of georgia
No. 22 -- 721. Argued November 28, 2023 -- Decided February 21, 2024
After petitioner Damian McElrath killed his mother, the State of Georgia
charged him with three crimes related to her death: malice murder,
felony murder, and aggravated assault. At trial, the jury returned a
split verdict against McElrath: "not guilty by reason of insanity" with
respect to malice-murder, and "guilty but mentally ill" as to the other
counts. On appeal, the Supreme Court of Georgia determined that the
jury's "guilty but mentally ill" verdict for felony murder was "repug-
nant" to the jury's "not guilty by reason of insanity" verdict for malice
murder under Georgia law, because the verdicts "required affrmative
fndings of different mental states that could not exist at the same time."
See 308 Ga. 104, 112, 839 S. E. 2d 573, 579. The court vacated both
the malice-murder and felony-murder verdicts pursuant to Georgia's so-
called repugnancy doctrine, and authorized retrial. Ibid., 839 S. E. 2d,
at 580. On remand, McElrath argued that the Double Jeopardy Clause
Page Proof Pending Publication
of the Fifth Amendment prohibited Georgia from retrying him for mal-
ice murder given the jury's prior "not guilty by reason of insanity" ver-
dict on that charge. The Georgia courts rejected that argument.
Held: The jury's verdict that McElrath was not guilty of malice murder
by reason of insanity constituted an acquittal for double jeopardy pur-
poses notwithstanding any inconsistency with the jury's other verdicts.
Pp. 93 -- 98.
(a) The Double Jeopardy Clause provides that "[n]o person shall...
be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or
limb." U. S. Const., Amdt. 5. "[I]t has long been settled under the
Fifth Amendment that a verdict of acquittal is fnal, ending a defend-
ant's jeopardy, and... is a bar to a subsequent prosecution for the same
offence." Green v. United States,. The Court's "cases have defned an acquittal to encom-
pass any ruling that the prosecution's proof is insuffcient to establish
criminal liability for an offense." Evans v. Michigan,. Once rendered, a jury's verdict of acquittal is inviolate. The prin-
ciple "that `[a] verdict of acquittal... could not be reviewed, on error
or otherwise,' " is "[p]erhaps the most fundamental rule in the history
of double jeopardy jurisprudence." United States v. Martin Linen
Supply Co.,. Whatever the basis for a jury's verdict,
see Bravo-Fernandez v. United States, the Double Jeop-
88 McELRATH v. GEORGIA

Syllabus

ardy Clause prohibits second-guessing the reason for a jury's acquittal.
Pp. 93 -- 95.
(b) Georgia law specifcally provides that a defendant who establishes
an insanity defense "shall not be found guilty of [the] crime." Ga. Code
Ann. -- 3 -- 2, 16 -- 3 -- 3. Here, the jury concluded that McElrath was
not guilty by reason of insanity with respect to the malice-murder
charge. That verdict was unquestionably a "ruling that the prosecu-
tion's proof is insuffcient to establish criminal liability for an offense,"
Evans, 568 U. S., at 318, and thus an acquittal.
Georgia argues that there was no valid verdict pursuant to Georgia
law, and thus no acquittal. But whether an acquittal has occurred for
double jeopardy purposes is a question of federal law, and a State's char-
acterization of a ruling is not binding on the Court. Smalis v. Pennsyl-
vania,. While States have the power "to regu-
late procedures under which [their] laws are carried out," Patterson v.
New York, the ultimate question remains whether the
Double Jeopardy Clause recognizes an event as an acquittal. The jury's
verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity here constituted such a deter-
mination, and it is of no moment that the verdict was accompanied by
other verdicts appearing to rest on inconsistent fndings. An acquittal
is an acquittal, even when a jury returns inconsistent verdicts. Bravo-
Page Proof Pending Publication
Fernandez, 580 U. S., at 8. Georgia argues that the bar to second-
guessing an acquittal applies only to general verdicts, but the Court's
cases prohibit any speculation about the reasons for a jury's verdict of
acquittal -- even when, as here, specifc jury fndings provide a factual
basis for such speculation. To do otherwise "would impermissibly au-
thorize judges to usurp the jury right." Smith v. United States,. Pp. 95 -- 98.
315 Ga. 126, 880 S. E. 2d 518, reversed and remanded.

Jackson, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Alito, J.,
fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 98.

Richard A. Simpson argued the cause for petitioner.
With him on the briefs were F. Andrew Hessick, H. Maddox
Kilgore, and Carlos J. Rodriguez.
Stephen J. Petrany, Solicitor General of Georgia, argued
the cause for respondent. With him on the brief were
Christopher M. Carr, Attorney General, Ross W. Bergethon,
Principal Deputy Solicitor General, and Justin T. Golart,
 Cite as: (2024) 89

Opinion of the Court

James E. Barrett, and Paul R. Draper, Deputy Solicitors
General.*
Justice Jackson delivered the opinion of the Court.
Under Georgia law, a jury's verdict in a criminal case can
be set aside if it is "repugnant" -- meaning that it involves
"affrmative fndings by the jury that are not legally and logi-
cally possible of existing simultaneously." 308 Ga. 104, 112,
839 S. E. 2d 573, 579 (2020). In this case, a jury found that
petitioner Damian McElrath was "not guilty by reason of
insanity" with respect to a malice-murder count, but was
"guilty but mentally ill" regarding two other counts -- felony
murder and aggravated assault -- all of which pertained to
the same underlying homicide. Invoking the repugnancy
doctrine, Georgia courts nullifed both the "not guilty" and
"guilty" verdicts, and authorized McElrath's retrial.
McElrath now maintains that the Fifth Amendment's Dou-
ble Jeopardy Clause prevents the State from retrying him
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the crime that had resulted in the "not guilty by reason
of insanity" fnding. Under the circumstances presented
here, we agree. The jury's verdict constituted an acquittal

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Georgia Asso-
ciation of Criminal Defense Lawyers by Greg Willis and V. Natasha Per-
dew Silas; and for the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers
et al. by Carmen Iguina González, Sean Hecker, David Oscar Markus,
David D. Cole, and Brandon Buskey.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Missouri et al. by Andrew Bailey, Attorney General of Missouri, Joshua
M. Divine, Solicitor General, Peter F. Donohue, Sr., Assistant Attorney
General, and Gregory M. Goodwin, and by the Attorneys General for their
respective States as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Tim Griffn of
Arkansas, Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Kris W. Ko-
bach of Kansas, Jeff Landry of Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Aus-
tin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Drew H. Wrig-
ley of North Dakota, Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Jonathan Skrmetti
of Tennessee, Ken Paxton of Texas, and Sean D. Reyes of Utah; and for
the District Attorneys' Association of Georgia by Robert W. Smith, Jr.
90 McELRATH v. GEORGIA

Opinion of the Court

for double jeopardy purposes, and an acquittal is an acquittal
notwithstanding its apparent inconsistency with other ver-
dicts that the jury may have rendered.

I
A
This case begins with tragedy. In 2012, petitioner Dam-
ian McElrath, then 18 years old, killed his mother Diane.
Diane, a single parent who had adopted McElrath when he
was two years old, struggled for years with caring for him.
At a young age, McElrath was diagnosed with bipolar
disorder and attention defcit hyperactivity disorder. He re-
sponded poorly to psychiatric treatment and sometimes re-
fused to take his prescribed medication. He had trouble in
school, including suspensions and low grades, and experi-
enced several run-ins with law enforcement. These issues,
among others, led to quarrels between McElrath and his
Page Proof Pending Publication
mother.
A few years before Diane's murder, McElrath's mental
health began to deteriorate substantially, eventually mani-
festing in his belief that Diane was poisoning his food
and drink with ammonia and pesticides. At some point,
McElrath began to exhibit other delusions, such as a belief
that he was an FBI agent who regularly traveled to Russia
and had killed multiple people. These delusions intensifed
to the point that, just a few weeks before the events giving
rise to this case, McElrath was committed to a mental-health
facility, where he was diagnosed with schizophrenia. After
two weeks of hospitalization, clinical staff believed that
McElrath was no longer a threat to himself or others and
that there was no evidence of further delusions. Thus,
McElrath was discharged.
One week later, McElrath stabbed Diane to death. Imme-
diately after the stabbing, McElrath composed a note in
which he explained that he had killed Diane because she had
been poisoning him and that she had in fact confessed to
 Cite as: (2024) 91

Opinion of the Court

doing so. McElrath then called 911; he told the dispatch of-
fcer that he had killed his mother and asked if his actions
were wrong. After law enforcement arrived at the scene,
McElrath was taken to a police station for interrogation,
where he told the investigator, "I killed my Mom because she
poisoned me." 308 Ga., at 105, 839 S. E. 2d, at 575.
B
Georgia charged McElrath with three crimes stemming
from Diane's death: malice murder, felony murder, and ag-
gravated assault. At trial, McElrath did not dispute that he
killed Diane but asserted an insanity defense.
Under Georgia law, a jury may fnd a criminal defendant
"not guilty by reason of insanity" if, at the time of the crime,
he "did not have mental capacity to distinguish between
right and wrong" or he committed the crime "because of a
delusional compulsion as to such act which overmastered his
Page Proof Pending Publication
will to resist committing the crime." Ga. Code Ann. -- 
3 -- 2, 16 -- 3 -- 3, 17 -- 7 -- 131(c)(1) (2019). Such a verdict results in
the defendant's commitment to a state mental-health facility
until a court determines that release is appropriate. -- 7 -- 
131(d). Even if a defendant fails to prove an insanity de-
fense, a Georgia jury may still render a verdict of "guilty but
mentally ill," under which the State Department of Correc-
tions may, at its discretion, refer a defendant for temporary
mental-health treatment. -- 7 -- 131(c)(2), (g).
The jury returned a split verdict against McElrath. It
found him not guilty by reason of insanity on the malice-
murder charge and guilty but mentally ill on the felony-
murder and aggravated-assault charges. The trial court ac-
cepted the jury's verdict, and eventually sentenced McElrath
to life imprisonment based on the felony-murder conviction.1
1
The aggravated-assault conviction merged into the felony-murder con-
viction because, under Georgia law, it served as a predicate for felony
murder. See Culpepper v. State, 289 Ga. 736, 737, 715 S. E. 2d 155, 157
(2011).
92 McELRATH v. GEORGIA

Opinion of the Court

McElrath appealed. He argued that the felony-murder
conviction should be vacated because the guilty-but-
mentally-ill verdict for that crime was "repugnant" to the
jury's "not guilty by reason of insanity" verdict for malice
murder. See 308 Ga., at 112, 839 S. E. 2d, at 579 (explaining
that, under Georgia's so-called "repugnancy" doctrine, a
state court may set aside a verdict as repugnant when there
are "affrmative fndings by the jury that are not legally and
logically possible of existing simultaneously").
The Supreme Court of Georgia agreed with McElrath that
the verdicts were repugnant under Georgia law.2 As the
court explained, "the not guilty by reason of insanity verdict
on malice murder and the guilty but mentally ill verdict on
felony murder based on aggravated assault required affrm-
ative fndings of different mental states that could not exist
at the same time during the commission of those crimes as
they were indicted, proved, and charged to the jury." Ibid.
There was no way to reconcile those verdicts because, as the
Page Proof Pending Publication
court noted, the jury could not conclude "that the crimes
occurred at different times or through distinct acts." Ibid., 839 S. E. 2d, at 579,. But instead of vacating
only the felony-murder conviction, as McElrath had re-
quested, the State Supreme Court vacated both the malice-
murder and felony-murder verdicts. Id., at 112, 839 S. E.
2d, at 580.3

2
McElrath appealed directly to the Supreme Court of Georgia, which
has appellate jurisdiction over all murder cases. See Ga. Const., Art. VI, ¶3; see also Neal v. State, 290 Ga. 563, 567, 722 S. E. 2d 765, 770
(2012) (Hunstein, C. J., concurring) (noting that the Georgia Constitution
provides the State Supreme Court with "jurisdiction to decide direct ap-
peals in life-imprisonment murder cases").
3
Georgia represents that, outside of this case, the Georgia Supreme
Court has applied the repugnancy rule only once, in Turner v. State, 283
Ga. 17, 655 S. E. 2d 589 (2008). See Brief in Opposition 15. In contrast
with McElrath's case, the court in Turner vacated only the guilty verdicts,
leaving the jury's verdict of acquittal intact. See 283 Ga., at 21, 655 S. E.
2d, at 592.
 Cite as: (2024) 93

Opinion of the Court

On remand, McElrath argued that the Double Jeopardy
Clause of the Fifth Amendment prohibited Georgia from re-
trying him for malice murder in light of the jury's prior "not
guilty by reason of insanity" verdict on that charge. The
trial court rejected this argument, and McElrath again
appealed.
The Supreme Court of Georgia affrmed. 315 Ga. 126, 880
S. E. 2d 518 (2022). The court recognized that, "[u]nder the
general principles of double jeopardy," the verdict of not
guilty by reason of insanity "would appear to be an acquittal
that precludes retrial, as not guilty verdicts are generally
inviolate." Id., at 130, 880 S. E. 2d, at 521. But the court
concluded that the acquittal at issue in this case "los[t] con-
siderable steam" when considered alongside the verdict of
guilty but mentally ill, and because the verdicts were repug-
nant, "both [were] rendered valueless." Ibid. In the
court's view, repugnant verdicts were no different for double
jeopardy purposes from "a situation in which a mistrial is
Page Proof Pending Publication
declared after a jury is unable to reach a verdict." Ibid.,
880 S. E. 2d, at 522.
Justice Pinson concurred, noting that he could not "quite
shake the doubt" that the court's ruling was inconsistent
"with the quite-absolute-sounding bar against retrying a de-
fendant who has secured an acquittal verdict." Id., at 132,
880 S. E. 2d, at 523. He joined the majority, however, be-
cause "[t]his lingering doubt [was] not enough to justify dis-
senting from an otherwise unanimous Court." Id., at 133,
880 S. E. 2d, at 523.
We granted certiorari. 600 U. S. -- -- -- (2023).

II
The Double Jeopardy Clause provides that "[n]o person
shall... be subject for the same offence to be twice put in
jeopardy of life or limb." U. S. Const., Amdt. 5. The "con-
trolling constitutional principle" of the Clause "focuses on
prohibitions against multiple trials." United States v. Mar-
94 McELRATH v. GEORGIA

Opinion of the Court

tin Linen Supply Co., (1977) (internal quo-
tation marks omitted). "[I]t has long been settled under the
Fifth Amendment that a verdict of acquittal is fnal, ending
a defendant's jeopardy, and... is a bar to a subsequent
prosecution for the same offence." Green v. United States,
(1957).
What, then, is an acquittal? "[O]ur cases have defned an
acquittal to encompass any ruling that the prosecution's
proof is insuffcient to establish criminal liability for an of-
fense." Evans v. Michigan, (2013).
"[L]abels do not control our analysis in this context; rather,
the substance of [the ruling] does." Id., at 322. In particu-
lar, we look to whether the ruling's substance "relate[s] to
the ultimate question of guilt or innocence." United States
v. Scott, (1978).
Once rendered, a jury's verdict of acquittal is inviolate.
Page Proof Pending Publication
We have described this principle -- "that `[a] verdict of acquit-
tal... could not be reviewed, on error or otherwise' " -- as
"[p]erhaps the most fundamental rule in the history of double
jeopardy jurisprudence." Martin Linen, 430 U. S., at 571.
This bright-line rule exists to preserve the jury's "overriding
responsibility... to stand between the accused and a poten-
tially arbitrary or abusive Government that is in command
of the criminal sanction." Id., at 572.
We have long recognized that, while an acquittal might
refect a jury's determination that the defendant is innocent
of the crime charged, such a verdict might also be "the result
of compromise, compassion, lenity, or misunderstanding of
the governing law." Bravo-Fernandez v. United States, (2016); see also United States v. Powell, (1984). Whatever the basis, the Double Jeop-
ardy Clause prohibits second-guessing the reason for a jury's
acquittal. As a result, "the jury holds an unreview-
able power to return a verdict of not guilty even for
impermissible reasons." Smith v. United States, 599 U. S.
 Cite as: (2024) 95

Opinion of the Court

236, 253 (2023) (internal quotation marks and alterations
omitted).
For double jeopardy purposes, a jury's determination that
a defendant is not guilty by reason of insanity is a conclusion
that "criminal culpability had not been established," just as
much as any other form of acquittal. Burks v. United
States, (1978). Such a verdict refects "that
the Government ha[s] failed to come forward with suffcient
proof of [a defendant's] capacity to be responsible for criminal
acts." Ibid.
III
Georgia law specifcally provides that a defendant who es-
tablishes an insanity defense "shall not be found guilty of
[the] crime." Ga. Code Ann. -- 3 -- 2, 16 -- 3 -- 3. Here,
after being instructed on Georgia's insanity defense, see
App. 89a -- 92a, the jury concluded that McElrath was not
guilty by reason of insanity with respect to the malice-
Page Proof Pending Publication
murder charge. That jury determination was unquestion-
ably a "ruling that the prosecution's proof is insuffcient to
establish criminal liability for an offense." Evans, 568 U. S.,
at 318; see also Burks, 437 U. S., at 10.
This conclusion is consistent with Georgia's concession that
if the "not guilty" verdict were considered in isolation -- that
is, if the jury had reached the same conclusion under the
same circumstances on a single count -- it would have consti-
tuted a valid verdict of acquittal under state law. See Tr.
of Oral Arg. 31 -- 32. As we have long recognized, jeopardy
clearly terminates under these circumstances. See United
States v. Ball, (1896); see also 6 W. LaFave,
J. Israel, N. King, & O. Kerr, Criminal Procedure.3(b),
p. 821 (4th ed. 2015) (describing this principle as "the corner-
stone of double jeopardy jurisprudence").
In resisting this straightforward conclusion, the State reit-
erates the Georgia Supreme Court's holding that, because
the "not guilty by reason of insanity" verdict was repugnant
to the jury's other verdicts, all the verdicts the jury rendered
96 McELRATH v. GEORGIA

Opinion of the Court

in McElrath's case were "a nullity and should not have been
accepted by the trial court." 315 Ga., at 127, 880 S. E. 2d, at
520. Georgia thus maintains that, because no verdict under
state law issued, no acquittal took place.
We cannot agree. To start, it is well established that
whether an acquittal has occurred for purposes of the Double
Jeopardy Clause is a question of federal, not state, law.
Again, an acquittal occurs when there has been a ruling "re-
lat[ing] to the ultimate question of guilt or innocence."
Scott, 437 U. S., at 98,. And "labels" -- including those provided by state
law -- "do not control our analysis in this context." Evans,
568 U. S., at 322. Thus, it is not dispositive whether a fact-
fnder "incanted the word `acquit' "; instead, an acquittal has
occurred if the factfnder "acted on its view that the prosecu-
tion had failed to prove its case." Id., at 325. Because of
this focus on substance over labels, a State's "characteriza-
tion, as a matter of double jeopardy law, of [a ruling] is not
Page Proof Pending Publication
binding on us." Smalis v. Pennsylvania, (1986); see also Smith v. Massachusetts, -- 469 (2005).
To be sure, "[t]he States possess primary authority for de-
fning and enforcing the criminal law," Engle v. Isaac, (1982) -- a power that permits States "to regu-
late procedures under which [their] laws are carried out,"
Patterson v. New York, (1977). But the
ultimate question is whether the Double Jeopardy Clause
recognizes an event as an acquittal. In making that deter-
mination, we ask whether -- given the operation of state
law -- there has been "any ruling that the prosecution's proof
is insuffcient to establish criminal liability for an offense."
Evans, 568 U. S., at 318. Here, for the reasons already dis-
cussed, the jury's verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity
constituted such a determination.4
4
We need not, and do not, address the Double Jeopardy Clause's applica-
tion to a trial judge's rejection of inconsistent or incomprehensible jury fnd-
ings under state law. Cf. Brief for State of Missouri et al. as Amici Curiae
 Cite as: (2024) 97

Opinion of the Court

That McElrath's "not guilty by reason of insanity" verdict
was accompanied by other verdicts that appeared to rest
on inconsistent fndings is of no moment. As we have
explained, the Double Jeopardy Clause prohibits second-
guessing an acquittal for any reason. See Martin Linen,
430 U. S., at 571. An acquittal is an acquittal, even "when a
jury returns inconsistent verdicts, convicting on one count
and acquitting on another count, where both counts turn on
the very same issue of ultimate fact." Bravo-Fernandez,
580 U. S., at 8. As far as the Fifth Amendment is concerned,
"[i]nconsistency in a verdict is not a suffcient reason for set-
ting it aside." Harris v. Rivera, (1981)
(per curiam).
Georgia contends that this bar to second-guessing an ac-
quittal applies only to general verdicts of acquittal, because
in evaluating a general verdict, there is no way to ascertain
the true basis of the jury's decision. Here, by contrast, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
jury based its verdicts on specifc "affrmative fndings of dif-
ferent mental states that could not exist at the same time."
308 Ga., at 112, 839 S. E. 2d, at 579. Georgia maintains that,
under the State's repugnancy doctrine, such "special fnd-
ings" allow for an informed review (and potential nullifca-
tion) of inconsistent jury verdicts, including a verdict of
acquittal. Brief for Respondent 39.
Georgia is mistaken. Once there has been an acquittal,
our cases prohibit any speculation about the reasons for a
jury's verdict -- even when there are specifc jury fndings
that provide a factual basis for such speculation -- "because
it is impossible for a court to be certain about the ground
for the verdict without improperly delving into the jurors'
deliberations." Smith, 599 U. S., at 252 -- 253. We simply
cannot know why the jury in McElrath's case acted as it did,
and the Double Jeopardy Clause forbids us to guess. "To

7 -- 8. What is at issue here is Georgia's claim that, when a not-guilty ver-
dict on one count is inconsistent with a guilty verdict on another count,
double jeopardy poses no barrier to retrial on the former.
98 McELRATH v. GEORGIA

Alito, J., concurring

conclude otherwise would impermissibly authorize judges to
usurp the jury right." Id., at 252.
* * *
The jury's verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity on
the malice-murder charge was an acquittal for purposes of
the Double Jeopardy Clause. The Clause therefore bars
retrial of McElrath on that charge.5 The judgment of the
Supreme Court of Georgia is reversed, and the case is re-
manded for further proceedings not inconsistent with this
opinion.
It is so ordered.
Justice Alito, concurring.
I join the opinion of the Court but write to clarify my
understanding of what we have held. In this case, there
was indisputably an acquittal on the malice-murder charge.
The jury returned a not-guilty verdict on that count, the trial
Page Proof Pending Publication
judge entered a judgment of acquittal on that count, and
petitioner appealed that part of the judgment. Because the
Constitution does not permit appellate review of an acquit-
tal, the State Supreme Court's decision must be reversed.
As I understand it, our holding extends no further.
As the Court recognizes, the situation here is different
from one in which a trial judge refuses to accept inconsistent
verdicts and thus sends the jury back to deliberate further.
Some States follow this practice, and our decision does not
address it. We have held that federal law does not prevent
the acceptance of inconsistent verdicts, United States v. Pow-
ell, -- 69 (1984); Dunn v. United States, -- 394 (1932), but we have never held that the
Constitution mandates that practice -- which is not necessar-
ily favorable to either the prosecution or the defense. Noth-
5
On remand, the Georgia courts may address as a matter of state law
the status of McElrath's vacated conviction for felony murder. See Tr. of
Oral Arg. 64 -- 67.
 Cite as: (2024) 99

Alito, J., concurring

ing that we say today should be understood to express any
view about whether a not-guilty verdict that is inconsistent
with a verdict on another count and is not accepted by the
trial judge constitutes an "acquittal" for double jeopardy
purposes.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

JUSTICE JACKSON, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR joins,
dissenting from the grant of application for stay.
Today the Court grants "emergency" relief that allows the
Social Security Administration (SSA) to hand DOGE staff-
ers the highly sensitive data of millions of Americans. The
Government wants to give DOGE unfettered access to this
personal, non-anonymized information right now -- before
the courts have time to assess whether DOGE's access is
lawful. So it asks this Court to stay a lower court's decision
to place temporary and qualified limits on DOGE's data ac-
cess while litigation challenging DOGE's authority to ac-
cess the data is pending. But the Government fails to sub-
stantiate its stay request by showing that it or the public
will suffer irreparable harm absent this Court's interven-
tion. In essence, the "urgency" underlying the Govern-
ment's stay application is the mere fact that it cannot be
bothered to wait for the litigation process to play out before
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

proceeding as it wishes.
That sentiment has traditionally been insufficient to jus-
tify the kind of extraordinary intervention the Government
seeks. But, once again, this Court dons its emergency-re-
sponder gear, rushes to the scene, and uses its equitable
power to fan the flames rather than extinguish them. See,
e.g., Noem v. Doe, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (JACKSON, J.,
dissenting from grant of application for stay) 
(explaining that, by granting a stay, the Court was allowing
the Government to terminate the lawful parole status of
half a million noncitizens before the courts could determine
whether such agency action was lawful). Once again, re-
spectfully, I dissent.
I
A
The SSA and the sensitive data it collects are well known
to Americans who entrust their information to that govern-
ment agency. Social Security numbers, birth dates, ad-
dresses, bank-account numbers, medical records -- all of
that, and more, is in the mix. Every person who has re-
ceived a Social Security number appears in the SSA's data.
And beyond the identification numbers and retirement ben-
efits that bear the agency's name, the SSA also administers
a host of other programs, such as Social Security Disability
Insurance, which collects detailed medical histories (de-
scribing, for example, prescriptions, mental-health treat-
ments, and testing results for sensitive health conditions
like HIV) from applicants and beneficiaries. See App. to
Application for Stay 98a -- 99a (App.). Since 1935, the SSA
has been collecting, storing, and, perhaps most importantly,
protecting the information that Americans provide.
Some of the most critical safeguards are established in a
federal law called the Privacy Act of 1974, 5 U. S. C.,
which Congress enacted "to protect the privacy of individu-
4 SSA v. AFSCME

JACKSON, J., dissenting

als identified in information systems maintained by Fed-
eral agencies." (5), 88 Stat. 1896. In its findings sup-
porting the Privacy Act, Congress focused on "the collection,
maintenance, use, and dissemination of personal infor-
mation by Federal agencies," specifically noting that those
agency practices "directly affec[t]" individual privacy.
(1), id., at 1896. Congress also recognized "the harm
to individual privacy that can occur" from the Government's
mishandling of Americans' sensitive information -- harm
that can relate to "employment, insurance, and credit,"
among other areas of life. (2) -- (3), ibid.
To protect against the significant privacy risks that the
Government's handling of Americans' sensitive information
creates, the Privacy Act regulates federal agencies' "collec-
tion, maintenance, use, and dissemination of " such data.
(5), ibid. As relevant here, the Act prohibits agencies
from disclosing covered data except in narrow circum-
stances, such as where agency employees "have a need for
the record in the performance of their duties." 5 U. S. C.
(1).
It should come as no surprise, then, that the SSA has long
followed a policy of restricting access to the personal records
the agency maintains, consistent with the Privacy Act and
similar laws. App. 24a, 116a -- 117a. For example, before
granting its employees access to SSA data, the agency
strictly enforces background checks, training requirements,
and agreements outlining sanctions for misuse of data. Id.,
at 114a -- 122a. It also limits employees' access to sensitive
data to only what they need in order to perform their as-
signed job responsibilities. Id., at 114a.
B
The SSA's established practices for handling Americans'
data changed dramatically after January 20, 2025 -- the day
the President issued an Executive Order creating the De-
partment of Government Efficiency, or DOGE. Exec. Order
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

No. 14158, 90 Fed. Reg. 8441. DOGE's stated purpose was
to "modernize[e] Federal technology and software to max-
imize governmental efficiency and productivity." Ibid. Ac-
cording to the Government, the core of DOGE's work in-
volves " ' "identifying fraud, waste, and abuse." ' " App. 41a.
DOGE demanded immediate and unfettered access to the
SSA's data and systems shortly after its creation. Id., at
46a -- 48a. And though it encountered initial obstacles,
DOGE soon obtained access to troves of sensitive infor-
mation stored in the SSA's computer files. Ibid.
Record evidence reflects that DOGE received far broader
data access than the SSA customarily affords for fraud,
waste, and abuse reviews. A former Acting Chief of Staff at
the SSA recounted that similar investigations typically
" 'start with access to high-level, anonymized data based on
the least amount of data the analyst or auditor would need
to know.' " Id., at 48a. Only if suspicious entries appear
would the reviewer then gain " 'access [to] more granular,
non-anonymized data [limited] to just that subset of files.' "
Ibid.
In February 2025, respondents (two labor unions and a
grassroots advocacy organization) filed a lawsuit in the Dis-
trict of Maryland, seeking to block DOGE from breaching
the SSA's standard protocols. Respondents alleged that, by
opening the SSA's data systems to unfettered access by
DOGE personnel, the SSA and DOGE officials had run
afoul of the Privacy Act and the Administrative Procedure
Act (APA), 5 U. S. C..
After assessing the relevant legal factors and evidence,
the District Court entered a preliminary injunction that
temporarily placed qualified limitations on DOGE staffers'
access to SSA data. Its order was accompanied by a 145-
page opinion laying out the court's legal reasoning and fac-
tual findings. The District Court found, specifically, that
respondents were likely to succeed on the merits of their
6 SSA v. AFSCME

JACKSON, J., dissenting

claims that the SSA's and DOGE's actions violated the Pri-
vacy Act and the APA. App. 166a. It also found that, absent
temporary injunctive relief, respondents' members would
suffer irreparable injury from the disclosure of their per-
sonal information to DOGE staffers -- harm that could not
later be remedied with money damages. Id., at 161a -- 162a.
The Government appealed and requested a stay of the
District Court's order. The Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit, sitting en banc, declined to stay the preliminary in-
junction pending its resolution of the merits. Id., at 2a. So,
the Government now seeks a stay from us.
II
Just last week, I wrote about the requirements for grant-
ing stay applications and, in particular, how this Court's
emergency-docket practices were decoupling from the tra-
ditional harm-reduction justification for equitable stays.
See Noem, 605 U. S., at ___. With today's
decision, it seems as if the Court has truly lost its moorings.
It interferes with the lower courts' informed and equitable
assessment of how the SSA's data is best accessed during
the course of this litigation, and it does so without any
showing by the Government that it will actually suffer con-
crete or irreparable harm from having to comply with the
District Court's order.
What the lower courts have done here is carefully craft
interim relief tailored to the needs of the moment. To start,
the District Court received sworn evidence about what
DOGE wants to do and considered all of the interests at
stake. Moreover, and importantly, the District Court re-
peatedly asked the critical question: Why does DOGE need
immediate, unfettered, and unprecedented access to highly
sensitive non-anonymized data to accomplish its objectives?
The Government's answers were "imprecise, contradictory,
and insufficient." App. 154a. And when the court requested
further clarification, the Government passed. Id., at 32a
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

(choosing instead to " 'stand on the record in its current
form' "). Ultimately, the court found, the Government
"never made clear why... the DOGE Team requires unbri-
dled access to the [personally identifiable information] of
countless Americans in order to effectuate [its] responsibil-
ities." Id., at 154a.
Despite the Government's poor showing, the District
Court still structured its injunction in a minimally burden-
some manner from the Government's standpoint. The in-
junction allows the SSA to provide DOGE staffers with ac-
cess to redacted or anonymized data and SSA records, so
long as DOGE staffers meet the training, background-
check, and other requirements that generally govern such
access. Id., at 170a -- 171a. The injunction also permits the
SSA to grant DOGE staffers access to "discrete, particular-
ized, and non-anonymized data" if DOGE gives the agency
a written explanation of its specific need for the records.
Id., at 171a. And the injunction expressly leaves intact the
SSA's "ordinary operations." Id., at 172a. Thus, in the end,
the District Court's order amounts to a short-term pause on
giving DOGE unfettered and uniquely unprotected access
to millions of Americans' sensitive, non-anonymized data,
paired with reasonable conditions on data access in the in-
terim.
Dissatisfied with even those minor limitations, the Gov-
ernment rushed to the Fourth Circuit and sought a stay of
the District Court's injunction. That court then considered
the matter en banc, and its judges, too, commented on the
Government's poor performance. One highlighted "the gov-
ernment's inability to provide a convincing explanation of
how it will be tangibly and irreparably harmed absent a
stay." Id., at 15a (Heytens, J., concurring in denial of stay).
Another noted that, based on the record, "DOGE's work
could be accomplished largely with anonymized and re-
dacted data, along with discrete pieces of non-anonymized
data in limited, appropriate circumstances -- as has long
8 SSA v. AFSCME

JACKSON, J., dissenting

been typical at SSA for the type of technology upgrades and
waste, abuse, and fraud detection that DOGE claims to be
doing." Id., at 7a (King, J., concurring in denial of stay).
The Fourth Circuit's evaluation led it to deny the Govern-
ment's request for a stay. Still, that court committed to con-
tinue addressing this matter en banc, and it set a briefing
schedule with respect to the Government's substantive ap-
peal of the District Court's preliminary injunction. Briefing
is scheduled to conclude next month, and the arguments
presented will be considered and ruled upon by all the ac-
tive judges on that court.
III
Stepping back to take a birds-eye view of the stay request
before us, the Government's failure to demonstrate harm
should mean that the general equity balance tips decisively
against granting a stay. See Noem, 605 U. S., at ___. On the one hand, there is a repository of millions
of Americans' legally protected, highly sensitive infor-
mation that -- if improperly handled or disseminated -- risks
causing significant harm, as Congress has already recog-
nized. On the other, there is the Government's desire to
ditch the usual protocols for accessing that data, before the
courts have even determined whether DOGE's access is
lawful. In the first bucket, there is also the state of federal
law, which enshrines privacy protections, and the Presi-
dent's constitutional obligation to faithfully execute the
laws Congress has passed. This makes it not at all clear
that it is in the public's interest for the SSA to give DOGE
staffers unfettered access to all Americans' non-anony-
mized data before its entitlement to such access has been
established, especially when the SSA's own employees have
long been subject to restrictions meant to protect the Amer-
ican people.
One more equitable consideration: Throughout the lower
courts' thorough evaluations, the Government never
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

deigned to substantiate its purported need for unfettered
access, much less demonstrate why it must have that de-
gree of access now. And it produces nothing more on that
score with respect to the "emergency" application this Court
considers today. The lower courts repeatedly placed the
Government on notice of its harm-related failures, yet the
Government still offers us next to nothing to satisfy its bur-
den.*
In my view, granting the Government a stay on this
plainly deficient showing of harm is also systemically cor-
rosive. We have told everyone that it is "critical" that an
applicant justify its request for a stay from this Court by
showing that it " 'will be irreparably injured absent a stay.' "
Nken v. Holder, (2009). So the idea that
the Government actually need not satisfy the irreparable-
harm burdens that other stay applicants have, nor wait for
the courts to decide the merits of challenges to its allegedly
unlawful conduct -- as other litigants must -- is not costless.
To accept this line of argument sends a troubling mes-
sage: that this Court will allow departures from our stated
legal standards and the basic norms of our judicial system
(such as respect for lower court rulings and equal justice
under law) for certain litigants. It says, in essence, that
although other stay applicants must point to more than the
annoyance of compliance with lower court orders they don't
like, the Government can approach the courtroom bar with
nothing more than that and obtain relief from this Court
nevertheless. It is particularly startling to think that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* In its reply brief, the Government glibly contends that it is harmed
by the injunction's effect on the Government's work. Reply in Support of
Application for Stay 13 -- 14 (accusing the courts of "micromanaging" the
Executive Branch and imposing "inefficient" restrictions). Those kinds
of generalized complaints are mere descriptors of what it means to be
constrained by law. As such, they are manifestly insufficient to demon-
strate concrete harm.
10 SSA v. AFSCME

JACKSON, J., dissenting

grants of relief in these circumstances might be (uninten-
tionally) conveying not only preferential treatment for the
Government but also a willingness to undercut both our
lower court colleagues' well-reasoned interim judgments
and the well-established constraints of law that they are in
the process of enforcing.
* * *
The lower courts are hard at work, expeditiously as-
sessing whether federal law permits the SSA to give DOGE
staffers unfettered access to Americans' sensitive infor-
mation. The only question before us today is what should
happen to all of that data in the meantime. Two lower
courts have said that DOGE staffers should have to comply
with temporary safeguards on data access while the litiga-
tion is proceeding. Meanwhile, here, the Government has
plainly failed to meet the moment, as it has not shown that
it will suffer any concrete or irreparable harm unless this
Court immediately intervenes.
But, today, the Court grants a stay permitting the Gov-
ernment to give unfettered data access to DOGE regard-
less -- despite its failure to show any need or any interest in
complying with existing privacy safeguards, and all before
we know for sure whether federal law countenances such
access. The Court is thereby, unfortunately, suggesting
that what would be an extraordinary request for everyone
else is nothing more than an ordinary day on the docket for
this Administration. I would proceed without fear or favor
to require DOGE and the Government to do what all other
litigants must do to secure a stay from this Court: comply
with lower court orders constraining their behavior unless
and until they establish that irreparable harm will result
such that equity requires a different course. The Court opts
instead to relieve the Government of the standard obliga-
tions, jettisoning careful judicial decisionmaking and creat-
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

ing grave privacy risks for millions of Americans in the pro-
cess.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 2
Pages 294 -- 329

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
April 16, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
294 OCTOBER TERM, 2023

Syllabus

RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH, SECRETARY OF
VETERANS AFFAIRS
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the federal circuit
No. 22 -- 888. Argued November 8, 2023 -- Decided April 16, 2024
Since World War II, the Federal Government has provided educational
assistance to servicemembers with qualifying service through various
GI bills. Typically, GI bills provide 36 months of educational benefts
each up to a cap of 48 months in cases where servicemembers become
eligible for benefts under more than one GI bill. See 38 U. S. C.. This case concerns two GI bills with overlapping service pe-
riods -- the Montgomery GI Bill Act of 1984 (covering service between
1985 and 2030) and the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act
of 2008 (covering service on or after September 11, 2001).
Petitioner James Rudisill enlisted in the United States Army in 2000
and served a total of eight years over three separate periods of military
service. He became entitled to Montgomery Bill benefts as a result of
Page Proof Pending Publication
his frst period of service. Rudisill earned an undergraduate degree
and used 25 months and 14 days of Montgomery benefts to fnance his
education. Through his subsequent periods of service, Rudisill also be-
came entitled to more generous educational benefts under the Post-
9/11 GI Bill. Rudisill sought to use his Post-9/11 benefts to fnance a
graduate degree. Rudisill understood that such benefts would be lim-
ited to 22 months and 16 days under 's 48-month aggregate-
benefts cap. But the Government informed Rudisill that he was only
eligible for 10 months and 16 days of Post-9/11 benefts (the length of
his unused Montgomery benefts) due to, a provision in the Post-
9/11 Bill designed to coordinate benefts for those servicemembers meet-
ing the criteria for both Montgomery benefts and Post-9/11 benefts.
Section 3327 provides that a servicemember meeting the criteria for
both GI bills can elect to swap Montgomery benefts for the more gen-
erous Post-9/11 benefts, up to a total of 36 months of benefts.
(2)(A). Ultimately, the Federal Circuit, sitting en banc, sided
with the Government, explaining that when Rudisill sought to use his
Post-9/11 benefts, he had made an "election" under (1) to swap
his Montgomery benefts for Post 9/11 benefts, making his benefts sub-
ject to (2)'s 36-month limit.
Held: Servicemembers who, through separate periods of service, accrue
educational benefts under both the Montgomery and Post-9/11 GI Bills
 Cite as: (2024) 295

Syllabus

may use either one, in any order, up to 's 48-month aggregate-
benefts cap. Pp. 305 -- 314.
(a) The Government claims that someone in Rudisill's position is sub-
ject to 's mandatory coordination clause, so, to receive any Post-
9/11 benefts, he must make an election under, which in turn
subjects him to (2)'s 36-month beneft limit. Rudisill counters
that does not apply to him because he has earned two separate
entitlements to benefts. Rudisill further maintains that 's
election mechanism is optional in any event, and that he does not forfeit
any entitlement by declining to make a election.
The statutory text resolves this case in Rudisill's favor. Rudisill
earned two separate entitlements to educational benefts, one per the
Montgomery GI Bill and the other per the Post-9/11 GI Bill, by serving
in the military for nearly eight years over three separate periods. Fo-
cusing on these two separate benefts entitlements -- rather than on his
periods of service -- leads to two relevant observations about the statute.
First, the statute establishes a baseline rule that, absent some other
limitation, the VA "shall pay" a veteran's benefts., 3313(a).
Second, Congress has plainly delineated certain durational limits on
these benefts entitlements; i. e., each program entitles the recipient to
up to 36 months of benefts, and both are subject to 's 48-month
Page Proof Pending Publication
aggregate-benefts cap. (1), 3312(a). Rudisill is thus sepa-
rately entitled to each of two educational benefts, and absent specifed
limits, the VA is statutorily obligated to pay him 48 months of benefts.
Pp. 305 -- 306.
(b) Section 3322(d), which creates a mechanism for certain service-
members to "coordinate" their benefts, does not limit Rudisill's entitle-
ment. First, nothing in the statute imposes a duty for any veteran to
"coordinate" entitlements in order to receive benefts. Section 3322(d)
does not mention the receipt of benefts but addresses instead the "coor-
dination of entitlement." Because Rudisill is already entitled to two
separate benefts, he has no need to coordinate any entitlement under. As used in the statute, the word "coordination" denotes a swap.
Section 3327, to which points, describes coordination as making
an election that permits the individual to get Post-9/11 benefts "instead
of " Montgomery benefts. (1).
There are two additional clues that does not address a vet-
eran who just wants to use one of his two separate entitlements. First,
-- titled "Bar to duplication" of benefts -- does not speak to some-
one who has earned each beneft separately and is asking to receive
each beneft separately. Second, applies to individuals with
Montgomery entitlements "as of August 1, 2009," the effective date of
the Post-9/11 GI Bill. Before that date, individuals could have been
296 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Syllabus

accruing Post-9/11 benefts (ever since September 11, 2001) but would
have had no way to opt into a benefts program that was not enacted
until 2008. The swap Congress devised in gives such individuals
a mechanism for accessing these benefts. Pp. 307 -- 310.
(c) The contention that Rudisill can only use his Post-9/11 benefts by
invoking is contradicted by that provision's text. Pp. 310 -- 314.
(1) To start, an election under is optional, i. e., an individ-
ual "may elect to receive" Post-9/11 benefts. And a decision not to
make a election does not purport to alter one's entitlement.
To argue that Rudisill may receive Post-9/11 benefts only by making
a election is to misread as imposing a substantive
requirement to elect benefts via. The two elections are differ-
ent. While requires Rudisill to elect which beneft to receive
at any particular time, it does not follow that he must also make an
election under to swap out his benefts. And it is noteworthy
that does not mention, much less cross-reference, either
or. Other parts of the statute confrm that not all elec-
tions are the same. Compare with ; with
(1). In the context of a statute that establishes multiple dis-
tinct elections, attempts to equate a election with a 
election are unpersuasive. Pp. 310 -- 312.
Page Proof Pending Publication
(2) The plain text of makes clear that -- which
details the consequences of making an election under -- does not
limit a servicemember in Rudisill's situation. One such consequence is
that a election entitles an individual to Post-9/11 benefts instead
of basic Montgomery benefts. But Rudisill was entitled to both bene-
fts, and he had no need to swap one set of benefts for another. A
second consequence of a election is that "the number of months
of [Post-9/11 benefts] shall be... the number of months of unused
[Montgomery benefts], as of the date of the election." (2)(A).
Like subsection (d)(1), this provision only relates to an individual mak-
ing a election. This makes perfect sense under Rudisill's read-
ing of the statute, but would be nonsensical under the Government's
view, as it would impose an exhaust-or-forfeit requirement for veterans
with two separate entitlements. The more sensible view is that
(2) is a limit on exceeding one's entitlement through the swap-
ping mechanism creates. Pp. 312 -- 314.
55 F. 4th 879, reversed and remanded.

Jackson, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Sotomayor, Kagan, Gorsuch, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ.,
joined. Kavanaugh, J., fled a concurring opinion, in which Barrett, J.,
 Cite as: (2024) 297

Syllabus

joined, post, p. 314. Thomas, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Alito,
J., joined, post, p. 319.

Misha Tseytlin argued the cause for petitioner. With him
on the briefs were Sean T. H. Dutton, Kevin M. LeRoy, Tim-
othy L. McHugh, and David J. DePippo.
Vivek Suri argued the cause for respondent. With him on
the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal Deputy
Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor Gen-
eral Stewart, and Galina I. Fomenkova.*
*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Common-
wealth of Virginia et al. by Jason S. Miyares, Attorney General of Vir-
ginia, Andrew N. Ferguson, Solicitor General, Erika L. Maley, Principal
Deputy Solicitor General, Kevin M. Gallagher, Deputy Solicitor General,
and Rick W. Eberstadt, Assistant Solicitor General, by Angela Colmen-
ero, Provisional Attorney General of Texas, and by the Attorneys General
for their respective jurisdictions as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama,
Kristin K. Mayes of Arizona, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Rob Bonta of Cali-
fornia, Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, William Tong of Connecticut, Kath-
Page Proof Pending Publication
leen Jennings of Delaware, Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia,
Ashley Moody of Florida, Christopher M. Carr of Georgia, Raúl R. Labra-
dor of Idaho, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Daniel Cam-
eron of Kentucky, Jeff Landry of Louisiana, Aaron M. Frey of Maine,
Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Andrea Joy Campbell of Massachusetts,
Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Austin Knudsen
of Montana, Aaron D. Ford of Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey,
Raúl Torrez of New Mexico, Letitia James of New York, Joshua Stein of
North Carolina, Edward E. Manibusan of the Northern Mariana Islands,
Gentner F. Drummond of Oklahoma, Ellen F. Rosenblum of Oregon, Mi-
chelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, Peter F. Neronha of Rhode Island, Alan
Wilson of South Carolina, Marty J. Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan
Skrmetti of Tennessee, Sean D. Reyes of Utah, Charity R. Clark of Ver-
mont, Robert W. Ferguson of Washington, Patrick Morrisey of West Vir-
ginia, Joshua L. Kaul of Wisconsin, and Bridget Hill of Wyoming; for the
American Legion by Glenn R. Bergmann, Thomas M. Polseno, and James
D. Ridgway; for the Edison Electric Institute et al. by Elbert Lin; for Iraq
and Afghanistan Veterans of America by Adam G. Unikowsky and Mi-
chelle S. Kallen; for Military-Veterans Advocacy, Inc., by Melanie L. Bost-
wick and John B. Wells; for the National Institute of Military Justice by
Juan O. Perla and T. Barry Kingham; for the National Veterans Legal
Services Program et al. by Michael E. Kenneally; for the Veterans of
298 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Opinion of the Court

Justice Jackson delivered the opinion of the Court.
Petitioner James Rudisill first enlisted in the United
States Army in the year 2000. Over the next decade, he
reenlisted twice, serving a total of eight years on active duty.
As a result of his frst period of military service, Rudisill
was entitled to 36 months of educational benefts under the
Montgomery GI Bill, to be paid by the Department of Veter-
ans Affairs (VA). Rudisill's subsequent periods of service
separately entitled him to 36 months of educational benefts
under the Post-9/11 GI Bill. Both of Rudisill's entitlements
were subject to a 48-month aggregate-benefts cap.
Rudisill used 25 months and 14 days of his Montgomery
benefts to help fund his undergraduate degree. Then, after
serving his third tour of duty, Rudisill sought to use his Post-
9/11 benefts to attend divinity school.
The VA informed Rudisill that his Post-9/11 benefts were
limited to the duration of his unused Montgomery benefts,
pursuant to a provision of the Post-9/11 GI Bill, 38 U. S. C.
Page Proof Pending Publication
(2). In other words, according to the VA, by re-
questing Post-9/11 benefts before exhausting all of his Mont-
gomery benefts, Rudisill could receive only 36 months of
benefts in total, not the 48 months to which he would other-
wise be entitled.
The question before us is whether Rudisill can access his
Post-9/11 benefits entitlement without being subject to
(2)'s durational limit. We hold that he can. Be-
cause he simply seeks to use one of his two separate entitle-
ments, (2) does not apply.
I
A
"The United States has a proud history of offering educa-
tional assistance to millions of veterans, as demonstrated by
Foreign Wars of the United States by Rex W. Manning; for Jeremy C.
Doerre, pro se; for Sen. Tim Kaine et al. by Roman Martinez; and for 10
Veterans by Matthew A. Fitzgerald and R. Andrew Austria.
 Cite as: (2024) 299

Opinion of the Court

the many `G.I. Bills' enacted since World War II." Post-
9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008, 122 Stat. 2358, 38 U. S. C. et seq. GI bills honor the
sacrifces of those who have served in the military, and as
such, "ha[ve] a positive effect on recruitment for the Armed
Forces." Ibid. These education benefts have also helped
to "reduce the costs of war, assist veterans in readjusting to
civilian life after wartime service, and boost the United
States economy." Ibid.
In the more than 75 years since Congress passed the frst
GI Bill in response to World War II, it has enacted additional
GI bills, most of which share two relevant features. First,
an individual with the requisite period of military service
becomes "entitled to" educational benefts, typically in the
form of a stipend or tuition payments, which the VA is then
required to provide once the veteran enrolls in an eligible
education program. Servicemen's Readjustment Act of
1944, 58 Stat. 288, 289; see also, e. g., Veterans' Readjustment
Page Proof Pending Publication
Assistance Act of 1952, 66 Stat. 664 -- 666; Veterans' Readjust-
ment Benefts Act of 1966, 80 Stat. 13, 15. Second, with one
brief exception,1 GI bills from the Korean War onward have
provided education benefts to fully qualifed servicemem-
bers for a fxed duration: 36 months of benefts per GI bill,
up to a total of 48 months of benefts for those servicemem-
bers who become eligible for educational benefts under mul-
tiple GI bills. See 66 Stat. 665; 82 Stat. 1331; 90 Stat. 2396.2
This case relates to the overlap between two recent GI
bills. The frst is the Montgomery GI Bill Act of 1984, 38
U. S. C. et seq. The Montgomery GI Bill provides
"[b]asic educational assistance" to servicemembers who frst
enter active duty between 1985 and 2030.. Mont-
gomery benefts give veterans a "basic educational assist-
1
Veterans' Readjustment Benefts Act of 1966, 80 Stat. 14.
2
Congress has amended this provision over the years, but the statutory
language has remained largely the same, and the 48-month aggregate cap
has not varied. 38 U. S. C..
300 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Opinion of the Court

ance allowance" that "help[s] meet, in part, the expenses of
such individual's subsistence, tuition, fees, supplies, books,
equipment, and other educational costs." ; see also
(setting forth amount of assistance). This limited sti-
pend ordinarily does not pay the full costs of a veteran's
education.
As with other GI bills, the Montgomery GI Bill consists
of a detailed series of statutory provisions that include an
entitlement and also durational limits. To be "entitled to
basic educational assistance" under the Montgomery bene-
fts program, a servicemember must satisfy certain mili-
tary service requirements -- typically two or three years of
continuous active duty.. The servicemember is
then "entitled to 36 months" of Montgomery benefits.
(1), (c)(1). An eligible servicemember "may make
an election not to receive [Montgomery benefits], "
(1), but unless he opts out, he con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tributes $1,200 into the program, usually through a series of
pay reductions. (1) -- (2). The Montgomery Bill's
36-month entitlement is also "[s]ubject to section 3695,"
(1), a provision that predates Montgomery and limits
"[t]he aggregate period for which any person may receive
assistance under two or more [GI bills]" to 48 months,.
The second GI bill at issue in this case is the Post-9/11
Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008, 122 Stat. 2357,
38 U. S. C. et seq. When it enacted this bill, Congress
expressly recognized that "[s]ervice on active duty in the
Armed Forces has been especially arduous... since Septem-
ber 11, 2001," and that the Montgomery GI Bill's modest edu-
cational benefts, which were "designed for peacetime serv-
ice," had become "outmoded.", (4), 122 Stat. 2358.
Therefore, the Post-9/11 GI Bill gives servicemembers "en-
hanced educational assistance benefts" that "are commensu-
rate with the educational assistance benefts provided by a
 Cite as: (2024) 301

Opinion of the Court

grateful Nation to veterans of World War II.",
ibid. A servicemember entitled to Post-9/11 benefts ordi-
narily receives the actual net cost of in-state tuition, addi-
tional public-private cost sharing to cover the cost at private
institutions, a monthly housing stipend, a lump sum for books
and supplies, and additional amounts for other specifed ex-
penses. 38 U. S. C., 3315 -- 3318.
As with the Montgomery GI Bill, the Post-9/11 GI Bill es-
tablishes an entitlement and also prescribes durational lim-
its. To be entitled to Post-9/11 benefts, servicemembers
must typically serve on active duty in the Armed Forces for
at least three years starting on or after September 11, 2001.. "[A]n individual entitled to educational assistance
under [the Post-9/11 GI Bill] is entitled to... 36 months"
of enhanced educational benefts.. And as with
Montgomery benefts, this entitlement is "[s]ubject to section
3695," ibid., meaning that a servicemember's aggregate ben-
Page Proof Pending Publication
efts from the Post-9/11 GI Bill and other GI bills are capped
at 48 months, see.
Because the Montgomery and Post-9/11 bills cover over-
lapping service periods, eligibility for benefts under these
two bills overlaps as well. Consequently, the Post-9/11 GI
Bill contains a provision titled "[b]ar to duplication of educa-
tional assistance benefts.". This bar clarifes that
an individual with entitlements to both Montgomery and
Post-9/11 benefts "may not receive assistance under two or
more such programs concurrently, but shall elect... under
which chapter or provisions to receive educational assist-
ance.". A later enacted provision further ensures
that an individual may not receive double credit for a single
period of service; rather, he "shall elect... under which
authority such service is to be credited." (1).
Thus, to summarize: Per, servicemembers who are
eligible for educational benefts under either the Montgom-
ery GI Bill or the Post-9/11 GI Bill -- from a period of service
302 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Opinion of the Court

that could qualify for either program -- can opt to credit that
service toward one educational benefts program or the
other. If servicemembers serve for long enough, they may
be entitled to both. But such servicemembers cannot re-
ceive disbursements from both entitlement programs at the
same time, nor may they receive any combination of benefts
for longer than 48 months. Outside of those limitations,
their service "entitle[s]" them to the benefts that they have
earned, and the VA "shall pay" them these benefits., 3014(a), 3311(a), 3313(a).

B
When it enacted the Post-9/11 GI Bill, Congress addressed
one immediate problem that arose due to the lag time be-
tween the start of the Post-9/11 GI Bill's entitlement period
and the bill's effective date. The case before us concerns
the scope of that solution.
Page Proof Pending Publication
As we have explained, the Post-9/11 GI Bill created an
educational benefts entitlement for veterans who serve on
or after September 11, 2001. But the legislation granting
that entitlement was not passed until 2008 and did not take
effect until August 1, 2009. See 122 Stat. 2378. Thus, serv-
icemembers who were entitled to Post-9/11 benefts but had
been funneled through the Montgomery program until the
Post-9/11 GI Bill went into effect needed a way to access the
more generous Post-9/11 benefts program.
Section 3322(d) informs these servicemembers that "coor-
dination of entitlement to educational assistance under [the
Post-9/11 GI Bill], on the one hand, and [the Montgomery GI
Bill] on the other, shall be governed by." Then,
under, an individual who meets the criteria for Mont-
gomery benefts and Post-9/11 benefts based on the same
(overlapping) period of service can elect to exchange the
Montgomery benefts he has received for the Post-9/11 bene-
fts that he wants. Section 3327(a) states that "[a]n individ-
ual may elect to receive educational assistance under [the
 Cite as: (2024) 303

Opinion of the Court

Post-9/11 GI Bill]" if they meet two criteria. First, they
must fall into one of six categories "as of August 1, 2009,"
including, as relevant here, individuals who are "entitled
to [Montgomery benefts]." (1)(A), (C). Second,
they must "mee[t] the requirements for entitlement to [Post-
9/11 benefts]" "as of the date of the" election.
(2).
Making a election effects a swap by operation
of : "[A]n individual making an election under
shall be entitled to [Post-9/11 benefts], instead
of [Montgomery benefts]." (1). And, notably, the
statute further clarifes that, if the individual has already
used some Montgomery benefts when he makes that swap,
the new entitlement is not a full 36 months of Post-9/11 bene-
fts. Instead, his new entitlement capped at "the number of
months of unused entitlement... under [the Montgomery GI
Bill], as of the date of the election." (2)(A). Once
a servicemember elects to swap his Montgomery benefts en-
Page Proof Pending Publication
titlement for a Post-9/11 benefts entitlement, that "election... is irrevocable.".
II
Petitioner James Rudisill spent nearly eight years on ac-
tive duty in the U. S. Army, providing three distinct periods
of military service.3 He was deployed to Iraq and Afghani-
stan, experienced combat, and sustained multiple injuries.
He reached the rank of captain and earned several medals
and commendations, including a Bronze Star. After each
period of service, Rudisill received an honorable discharge.
In between his second and third periods of military serv-
ice, Rudisill earned an undergraduate degree. To help f-
nance this education, he used 25 months and 14 days of the
Montgomery benefts he was entitled to receive due to his
3
Rudisill's frst period of service was from January 2000 to June 2002;
his second and third periods of service were from June 2004 to December
2005, and November 2007 to August 2011, respectively.
304 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Opinion of the Court

frst period of service. After graduating in 2007, he reen-
rolled in the Army for a third period. By 2015, Rudisill suc-
cessfully sought admission to Yale Divinity School; he in-
tended to earn and use that degree to become a chaplain in
the Army.
To fund his graduate school education, Rudisill applied to
the VA for Post-9/11 benefts, relying on the entitlement that
he had earned with respect to his second and third periods
of service. But the VA issued a certifcate of eligibility stat-
ing that Rudisill was only eligible for 10 months and 16 days
of Post-9/11 benefts -- the length of his unused Montgomery
benefts. This response did not accord with Rudisill's under-
standing of the scope of his entitlement: In his view, he had
earned an entitlement to 36 months of Post-9/11 benefts
based on his second and third periods of service, and he could
use 22 months and 16 days of that Post-9/11 entitlement due
to 's 48-month aggregate-benefts cap. Rudisill fled a
Page Proof Pending Publication
notice of disagreement with the VA, which eventually denied
his claim for the additional entitlement.
The Board of Veterans' Appeals affrmed the VA's decision,
but the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims reversed. It
reasoned that although the statutory scheme was ambiguous,
the statutory structure, regulatory framework, congres-
sional purpose, and pro-veteran canon supported Rudisill's
interpretation of the statute. BO v. Wilkie, 31 Vet. App.
321 (2019).
Over a dissent, a panel of the Federal Circuit agreed, hold-
ing that veterans with multiple periods of qualifying service
are not subject to (2). 4 F. 4th 1297 (2021). The en
banc Federal Circuit then considered the matter, and, over-
ruling the panel in a 10-to-2 decision, it reversed. 55 F. 4th
879 (2022). It explained that, when Rudisill sought to use
his Post-9/11 benefts, he had made an "election" under
(1), making his benefts subject to (2)'s limit.
We granted certiorari and now reverse the judgment of
the Federal Circuit. 599 U. S. -- -- -- (2023).
 Cite as: (2024) 305

Opinion of the Court

III
The question before us is this: When servicemembers have
separate entitlements to both Montgomery and Post-9/11
benefts, can they use their benefts, in any order, up to
's aggregate 48-month cap? In the Government's tell-
ing, a veteran in this position is subject to 's manda-
tory coordination clause; to receive any Post-9/11 benefts,
he must make an election under, which subjects him
to (2). By contrast, Rudisill argues that he already
has two separate entitlements to benefts -- 36 months under
each program -- so does not apply to him. And,
even if it did, Rudisill says, 's election mechanism is
optional, and he does not forfeit any entitlement by declining
to make a election.
As explained below, the pertinent statutory text resolves
this dispute in Rudisill's favor. Section 3327(d)(2)'s limit ap-
plies only to an individual who makes a election.
Page Proof Pending Publication
But Rudisill never made an election under, nor must
he have done so, because is triggered only if a service-
member is "coordinat[ing]" an entitlement per.
Someone in Rudisill's situation -- who just uses one of his two
entitlements -- is not coordinating anything. This view is
further reinforced by our reading of. That provi-
sion's election mechanism is optional, and Rudisill does not
forfeit his entitlements by declining to make a 
election.
A
We start by examining Rudisill's benefts entitlements
generally. It is undisputed that Rudisill earned two sepa-
rate entitlements to educational benefts due to the length of
his military service. Based on his frst period of service,
he became "entitled to" Montgomery benefts, as the statute
clearly states.. Equally clear is that his second
and third periods of service "entitled" him to Post-9/11 bene-
fts..
306 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Opinion of the Court

So, from the outset, we know that Rudisill earned two sep-
arate benefts entitlements, one per the Montgomery GI Bill
and the other per the Post-9/11 GI Bill, by serving in the
military for nearly eight years over three separate periods.
Notably, our analysis does not focus on his periods of service.
Contra, post, at 325 (Thomas, J., dissenting). Rather, what
matters is that his lengthy service conferred two separate
entitlements.
Recognizing Rudisill's separate entitlements leads us to
two observations. First, the statute establishes a baseline
rule that, absent some other limitation, the VA must pay a
veteran's benefts. The Montgomery GI Bill requires that
"[t]he Secretary shall pay to each individual entitled to
[Montgomery benefts] who is pursuing an approved program
of education a basic educational assistance allowance. ". Likewise, the Post-9/11 GI Bill
states that "[t]he Secretary shall pay to each individual enti-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tled to [Post-9/11 benefts] who is pursuing an approved
program of education... the amounts specifed.".
Second, Congress has clearly and plainly delineated cer-
tain durational limits on these benefts entitlements. Mont-
gomery and Post-9/11 entitlements have specifed outer lim-
its: Each program entitles the recipient to up to 36 months
of benefts, and both are "[s]ubject to section 3695," which
imposes a 48-month aggregate-benefts cap. (1),
3312(a). The benefts entitlements are likewise qualifed by
certain enumerated exceptions. Ibid.
Thus, even before turning to the statutory provisions that
are most directly implicated here, it is clear that (1) Rudisill
is separately entitled to each of two educational benefts; and
(2) absent specifed limits, the VA is statutorily obligated to
pay him 48 months of benefts. As explained below, no stat-
utory constraint prevents Rudisill from accessing his bene-
fts, up to 48 months, in whichever order he chooses.
 Cite as: (2024) 307

Opinion of the Court

B
Section 3322(d) is the frst of two statutory provisions that
are at the heart of this dispute. That subsection, titled "Ad-
ditional coordination matters," states:
"In the case of an individual entitled to educational as-
sistance under [the Montgomery GI Bill or other speci-
fed programs], or making contributions toward [the
Montgomery Program], as of August 1, 2009, coordina-
tion of entitlement to educational assistance under [the
Post-9/11 GI Bill], on the one hand, and such chapters or
provisions, on the other, shall be governed by [38
U. S. C. ]."
There is no dispute that subsection (d) applies to a service-
member who is entitled to Montgomery benefts but has be-
come eligible for Post-9/11 benefts for his period of qualify-
ing service as of August 1, 2009, given the overlap of those
Page Proof Pending Publication
two entitlement programs. See Part I -- B, supra. But in
the context of the instant dispute, the Government argues,
and the dissent echoes, that an individual who has two sepa-
rate benefts entitlements under the Montgomery and Post-
9/11 bills must also "coordinate" those two entitlements
under in order to access his Post-9/11 benefts. We
conclude that the plain text of does not support
that assertion.
First, nothing in the statute imposes a duty for any vet-
eran to "coordinate" entitlements in order to receive benefts.
Sections 3011 through 3014, which outline the Montgomery
entitlement, do not refer to coordination. Nor do 
through 3313, which establish the Post-9/11 benefts entitle-
ment. And -- the provision that specifcally addresses
veterans with more than one entitlement -- does not require,
or even mention, coordination.
For the person covered by 's coordination require-
ment, the provision does discuss "coordination of entitle-
308 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Opinion of the Court

ment" to benefts. But the statute distinguishes between
"entitlement to" and "receipt of " benefts. For example, (f), and (g) bar duplicative receipt of benefts.
Similarly, says that a servicemember "may not re-
ceive" two benefts at the same time. But does not
concern the receipt of benefts -- that term appears nowhere
in that subsection. Instead, subsection (d) addresses "coor-
dination of entitlement." Rudisill has no need to coordinate
any entitlement: He is already entitled to two separate bene-
fts. Section 3322(d) says that "coordination of entitlement... shall be governed by", but, as Rudisill correctly
observes, with nothing to coordinate, does not govern.
Both the Government and the dissent argue that this view
misconstrues the meaning of the term "coordination." In
their view, "coordinat[ing]" an entitlement is not converting
or exchanging entitlements. But what, then, does it mean
to coordinate an entitlement under this statutory scheme?
Page Proof Pending Publication
They contend that coordination "refers to a veteran choosing
which `entitlement'... he would like to use." Post, at 323
(opinion of Thomas, J.). But choosing an entitlement is an
election, not coordination. And the statute uses the word
"elect" repeatedly to say that veterans should choose be-
tween two different entitlements. Here, speaks of
"coordination," not "election," and we generally "presume
differences in language like this convey differences in mean-
ing." Henson v. Santander Consumer USA Inc., (2017).
Nor does the reference to "coordination" in subsection (d)
exist in isolation. Rather, subsection (d) points to,
which -- as we explain below, see Part III -- C -- 2, infra -- tells
us what coordination means: making an election that permits
the individual to get Post-9/11 benefts "instead of " Mont-
gomery benefts. (1). In ordinary parlance, if a
person who is directed to "coordinate" receives one thing
"instead of " another, that "coordination" is understood to ef-
fect a swap.
 Cite as: (2024) 309

Opinion of the Court

If we were left with any doubt that simply does
not speak to a veteran who just wants to use one of his two
separate entitlements, two additional clues would tip the bal-
ance. First, is titled "Bar to duplication" of benefts.
There is no duplication for someone in Rudisill's situation.
He earned each beneft separately, and he is asking to receive
each beneft separately. "[S]ection headings... `supply
cues' as to what Congress intended," Merit Management
Group, LP v. FTI Consulting, Inc., (2018),
and 's heading tells us that its provisions prevent dou-
ble dipping, something that Rudisill is not doing.
Second, applies to individuals with Montgomery
entitlements "as of August 1, 2009." The Government says
that this language just references the bill's effective date.
See Brief for Respondent 16, and n. But, in the entire Post-
9/11 GI Bill, only two statutory provisions -- and
(1) -- specifcally reference this date. Why would
Congress refer to the effective date of the Post-9/11 GI Bill
Page Proof Pending Publication
in only these two places and nowhere else?
The most logical inference is that this date is material to
the work of those particular provisions. And under the in-
terpretation we adopt today, August 1, 2009, is highly rele-
vant, because before then, individuals could have been accru-
ing Post-9/11 benefts (ever since September 11, 2001) but
would have had no way to opt into that benefts program.
The swap Congress devised in gives such individuals
a mechanism for accessing these benefts. The invocation of
the bill's effective date in thus provides another clue
that these provisions are not relevant to someone, like Rudi-
sill, who has no need to make a swap.4
Adding all this up, we come to the conclusion that 
serves a specifc function: to allow individuals with Mont-
gomery benefts who would prefer to swap them for Post-
4
To be clear, as both parties agree, the August 1, 2009, effective date
does not limit servicemembers' ability to use 's election mechanism
to swap benefts earned after this date.
310 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Opinion of the Court

9/11 benefts to "coordinate" these entitlements via.
But when a person already has two separate entitlements
and simply uses one after the other, he is not coordinating
anything. Because that is Rudisill's situation, does
not speak to him.
C
Based on the analysis we have already laid out, Rudisill
never reaches when using his benefts because he is
not coordinating his entitlements. And the contention that
Rudisill can only use his Post-9/11 benefts by invoking 
is contradicted by the text of itself.

1
We cannot agree that, to receive Post-9/11 benefts, a serv-
icemember in Rudisill's situation must elect them via.
The statute simply does not say that a servicemember with
more than one entitlement receives Post-9/11 benefts only
Page Proof Pending Publication
by making a election.
To start, a election is optional: An eligible indi-
vidual "may elect to receive" Post-9/11 benefts. " `[T]he
"word `may' clearly connotes discretion." ' " Opati v. Re-
public of Sudan, (2020). So a veteran can
opt for a election, but he does not have to.
If he decides not to opt for a election, nothing in, or anywhere else purports to alter his entitle-
ment. Instead, the veteran remains in the exact same posi-
tion as before. A veteran who had only Montgomery bene-
fts is left with only Montgomery benefts. Likewise, for the
veteran (like Rudisill) who started out with both Montgom-
ery and Post-9/11 benefts, both sets of benefts remain.
To argue that Rudisill may receive Post-9/11 benefts only
by making a election, the dissent invokes -- and
misreads -- . See post, at 322 -- 323 (opinion of
Thomas, J.). To repeat, as relevant here, provides:
"An individual entitled to [Post-9/11 benefts] who is also eligi-
ble for [Montgomery benefts] may not receive assistance
under [both] programs concurrently, but shall elect... under
 Cite as: (2024) 311

Opinion of the Court

which chapter or provisions to receive educational assist-
ance." As is clear from its text, just says, and
means, that a veteran cannot use Montgomery and Post-9/
11 benefts at the same time to fund his education. Section
3322(a) bars double dipping -- it does not impose a substan-
tive requirement to elect benefts via.
So, while Rudisill must make an election per 
when he wants to have a particular aspect of his education
funded, it does not follow that he must also make an election
under. The two elections are completely different,
and making one is not the same as making the other. By
blurring all elections into one, instead of recognizing that the
statute contemplates multiple distinct elections, the Govern-
ment -- and the dissent -- make a crucial misstep.
In this regard, it is noteworthy that does not
mention, much less cross-reference, either or.
Even though and both use the word
"elect," nothing in the text of either provision suggests that
Page Proof Pending Publication
these two elections are one and the same. Rather, to "elect"
just means to choose. See New Oxford American Diction-
ary 545 (2d ed. 2005) ("elect" means to "opt for or choose to
do something"). And that says nothing about the substance
of any option.
Other parts of the statute confrm that not all elections
are the same. For example, requires a person with
two or more entitlements to "elect" which to receive at any
given time, while bars "duplication of eligibility
based on a single event or period of service," and thus re-
quires certain individuals to "elect" under which benefts
programs their service is to be credited.5 Turning to,
subsection (a) similarly allows a person who is entitled to
Montgomery benefts to "elect" to receive Post-9/11 benefts

5
In all, 38 U. S. C. has six separate subsections that require differ-
ent elections. See, (c), (e), (g), (h)(1), (2). Neither the Govern-
ment nor the dissent offers a compelling reason as to why, out of all six
provisions, requires "coordination" under and an "elec-
tion" under.
312 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Opinion of the Court

under certain circumstances, and subsection (c)(1) lets a per-
son "elect" to revoke an entitlement that he previously trans-
ferred. Furthermore and importantly, subsection (i) refers
to these two elections separately. See ("An election
under subsection (a) or (c)(1) is irrevocable"). In the context
of a statute that establishes multiple distinct elections, at-
tempts to equate a election with a election
are unpersuasive.
2
Undeterred, the Government turns to, which de-
tails the consequences of making an election under.
But the plain text of makes clear that the provision
does not limit a servicemember in Rudisill's situation.
From its start, contradicts the Government's
reading of the statute. Section 3327(d)(1) tells us that "an
individual making an election under shall be enti-
tled to [Post-9/11 benefts] instead of basic [Montgomery ben-
Page Proof Pending Publication
efts]." (1). In other words, he
swaps out his entitlement to Montgomery benefts for an en-
titlement to Post-9/11 benefts. Rudisill had no need to get
Post-9/11 benefts "instead of " Montgomery benefts, because
he was already entitled to both benefts.
For veterans who have used some but not all of their
Montgomery benefts, (2)(A) lays out one further
consequence of making a election: When these veter-
ans "mak[e] an election under, the number of
months of [Post-9/11 benefts] shall be... the number of
months of unused [Montgomery benefts], as of the date of
the election." Two aspects of this provision stand out.
First, like subsection (d)(1), this limitation only applies to
"an individual making an election under subsection (a)." So,
if a person does not make a election, (2)
does not limit his entitlement.
Second, this provision makes perfect sense under Rudisill's
interpretation of the statute. If a veteran served for three
years, he earned 36 months of benefts. If he received Mont-
 Cite as: (2024) 313

Opinion of the Court

gomery benefts for this service but should have been able
to get Post-9/11 benefts, due to the overlap in the eligibility
for these programs, lets him opt for Post-9/11 benefts
instead. But if he has already used some benefts at the
time he elects the swap, a election does not entitle
him to a full 36-month period of Post-9/11 benefts in addition
to the Montgomery benefts he has already used. Instead,
(2) ensures that his one period of service entitles
him to 36 months of educational benefts in total -- no more,
and no less.
By contrast, (2) is nonsensical under the Govern-
ment's view of the statute. It would impose an exhaust-or-
forfeit requirement for veterans with two separate entitle-
ments: Either use up all of your Montgomery benefts (so
that you can get your full 48 months of benefts), or lose any
entitlement in excess of 36 months.6 At the very least, this
would be an odd way to create an exhaustion requirement,
Page Proof Pending Publication
and the Government has not pointed us to any comparable
one in this statutory scheme or elsewhere. Again, the more
sensible view -- and the view that the statutory text best
supports -- is that (2) is a limit on exceeding one's
entitlement through the swapping mechanism creates,
and is thus not an exhaustion requirement at all.
In sum, 's election mechanism is an optional means
of trading an existing benefts entitlement for Post-9/11 ben-
efts. Although details the consequences of making
that election, those consequences -- by their own terms -- 
apply only to an individual who makes a election.

6
Consider, for example, a veteran who has used 24 months of Montgom-
ery benefts and also has an entitlement to 36 months of Post-9/11 benefts.
Under the Government's reading, if she uses up her last 12 months of
Montgomery benefts, she could then get 12 months of Post-9/11 benefts
(48 months in total benefts). But if she wants to immediately start using
her Post-9/11 benefts entitlement without using up all the Montgomery
entitlement, she could get only 12 months of Post-9/11 benefts, and noth-
ing more (adding up to 36 months in total).
314 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

On the other hand, the entitlements of a person who does not
make a election are not altered. In Rudisill's case,
that leaves him with two different entitlements (one under
the Montgomery GI Bill and the other under the Post-9/11
GI Bill) that the VA "shall pay" to him, subject only to
's 48-month cap., 3313(a).

* * *
The bottom line is this: Veterans who separately accrue
benefts under both the Montgomery and Post-9/11 GI Bills
are entitled to both benefts. Neither nor 
restrict veterans with two separate entitlements who simply
seek to use either one. Thus, Rudisill may use his benefts,
in any order, up to 's 48-month aggregate-benefts cap.
If the statute were ambiguous, the pro-veteran canon would
favor Rudisill, but the statute is clear, so we resolve this case
based on statutory text alone. Because the Federal Circuit
Page Proof Pending Publication
incorrectly limited Rudisill's benefts, we reverse its judg-
ment and remand the case for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
Justice Kavanaugh, with whom Justice Barrett
joins, concurring.
I agree with the Court that the post-9/11 education-
benefts law entitles James Rudisill, a military veteran, to
additional benefts for graduate school. The Court goes on
to say that the clarity of the benefts law at issue here means
that we need not rely on the veterans canon of statutory
interpretation. I again agree. I write separately, however,
to note some practical and constitutional questions about the
justifcations for a benefts-related canon (such as the veter-
ans canon) that favors one particular group over others.
Under the veterans canon, statutes that provide benefts
to veterans are to be construed "in the veteran's favor."
Brown v. Gardner, (1994). The veterans
 Cite as: (2024) 315

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

canon is a substantive canon of statutory interpretation. A
substantive canon is a judicial presumption in favor of or
against a particular substantive outcome. Some classic ex-
amples include the presumption against retroactivity, the
presumption against extraterritoriality, and the presumption
of mens rea.
Applying a substantive canon, a court may depart from
what the court, absent the canon, would have concluded is
the best reading of the statutory text. Otherwise, of course,
the substantive canon would not be necessary or relevant.
See J. Manning & M. Stephenson, Legislation and Regulation
383 (4th ed. 2021) (In "order for a substantive canon" to "do
any work, it must be the case that in the absence of the canon
the court would have reached a different conclusion").
Substantive canons are typically based on background con-
stitutional principles or long-settled judicial understandings
of congressional practice. See id., at 382 -- 384. Because a
Page Proof Pending Publication
substantive canon by defnition has important decision-
altering effects, any substantive canon must be suffciently
rooted in constitutional principles or congressional practices.
Here, no one suggests that the veterans canon rests on
background constitutional principles. Rather, the canon
seems to stem from a loose judicial assumption about con-
gressional intent -- in particular, an assumption that Con-
gress intends for courts to read ambiguous veterans-benefts
statutes more broadly than the courts otherwise would read
such statutes. See Boone v. Lightner, 
(1943).
But what is that assumption based on? The Court has
never explained.
The frst glimmerings of the veterans canon appeared in
the 1940s. See ibid. But the early cases did not purport
to establish a canon. They seem to have simply engaged in
broadly purposive interpretation of the particular statutes
at issue. Since those early cases, the Court has occasionally
referred to a general pro-veterans interpretive principle,
316 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

but without further explanation. See, e. g., Henderson v.
Shinseki, (2011); King v. St. Vincent's Hos-
pital, -- 221, (1991). The canon appears
to have developed almost by accident.
Moreover, the veterans canon has apparently not
mattered -- in other words, has not affected the result -- in
any of this Court's past decisions in veterans cases, or in this
case for that matter. See, e. g., Henderson, 562 U. S., at 441;
Brown, 513 U. S., at 117 -- 118; King, 502 U. S., at 220 -- 221,
; see also Kisor v. McDonough, 995 F. 3d 1347, 1350 (CA
Fed. 2021) (Prost, C. J., concurring in denial of rehearing en
banc). The Court has "rarely" applied the veterans canon.
Id., at 1350. And even when mentioned, the canon has
seemingly served only as the proverbial icing on a cake al-
ready frosted -- that is, an extra citation after the Court has
already concluded that the veteran prevails anyway under
the statutory text and traditional tools of statutory
interpretation.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Despite the canon's seemingly nonexistent impact on this
Court's decisions, the Court's refexive repetition of the
canon over the years has created the appearance of deeper
rooting, leading lower courts -- particularly the Federal Cir-
cuit where veterans benefts cases are channeled -- to rely on
the canon in a way that this Court has not. Compare id., at
1350 -- 1358 with id., at 1366 -- 1374 (O'Malley, J., dissenting
from denial of rehearing en banc). But this Court's repeti-
tion of the canon has not yielded any greater justifcation or
explanation by the Court for applying such a canon in the
frst place.
In considering whether a suffcient justifcation exists, we
must confront some fundamental problems with benefts-
related canons like this one.
To begin with, the notion that benefts statutes should be
interpreted to favor a particular group creates signifcant
tension with the actual operation of the process by which
Congress and the President enact spending laws. To be
sure, if someone asked a Member of Congress or the Presi-
 Cite as: (2024) 317

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

dent (or this judge, for that matter) in the abstract, "Should
veterans get more benefts?" the answer would be yes. But
that question is not (and cannot be) answered in the abstract.
The spending process is a zero-sum game, where money
spent on one group means less money for other groups and
other national priorities.
Would Congress prefer to pay for another semester of vet-
erans' graduate-school educations, or instead for more Pell
Grants for lower-income college students? Would Congress
want to spend more on healthcare benefts for the disabled,
or instead on prescription-drug benefts for senior citizens?
Would Congress choose to increase the pension benefts of
retired CIA agents, or instead the wages of soldiers who are
serving in harm's way today? The list of diffcult choices
goes on and on. National security, assistance to the poor,
law enforcement, energy production, environmental protec-
tion, border security, cancer research, housing aid, highway
construction, airplane safety, school lunches, disaster relief,
Page Proof Pending Publication
drug treatment, prisons, and a plethora of other national pri-
orities all compete for funding in the legislative process.
And the U. S. Treasury is not a bottomless well of free
money -- rather, the money comes primarily from the taxes
paid by the American people.
The spending process in Congress requires hard choices
with painful tradeoffs. Judges have no principled way to
make those choices or weigh those tradeoffs. Nor do judges
have a principled way, other than reading the statutory text
as written, to conclude that Congress and the President
would prefer to favor one group over another -- or stated an-
other way in this zero-sum process, to disfavor one group
over another.
In addition to that practical problem, judges have no con-
stitutional authority to favor or disfavor one group over an-
other in the spending process. Rather, under the Constitu-
tion's separation of powers, Congress and the President
make those policy judgments. See U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 2;, cl. 1;, cl. 7. Courts must then neutrally interpret
318 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

and apply the spending laws enacted by Congress and the
President. Courts do so by heeding the statutory text and
employing the traditional tools of statutory interpretation -- 
not by singling out particular groups for favored or disfa-
vored treatment. See A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law:
The Interpretation of Legal Texts 352 -- 354 (2012).
For those reasons, courts interpreting spending laws usu-
ally do not apply canons to favor or disfavor particular
groups. Courts, for example, do not apply a low-income-
families canon, a healthcare-for-seniors canon, or a local-law-
enforcement canon to favor those groups. (Nor, from the
other direction, do courts apply a general fscal-responsibility
canon to narrowly construe spending statutes.)
In short, any canon that construes benefts statutes in
favor of a particular group -- rather than just construing the
statutes as written -- appears to be inconsistent both with ac-
tual congressional practice on spending laws and with the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Judiciary's proper constitutional role in the federal spend-
ing process.
To be clear, Congress's commitment to assisting veterans
through the many federal veterans-benefts programs is en-
tirely appropriate given the sacrifces made by those who
have served in the Armed Forces. The statutes that pro-
vide signifcant veterans benefts -- including healthcare, edu-
cation, disability, and retirement benefts -- properly assist
those who have defended America. And when statutes af-
ford broad benefts for veterans or others, as is often the
case, courts should apply the statutes as written.
But providing federal benefts -- and determining their
scope -- is Congress's prerogative. The Judiciary's role is to
neutrally interpret those statutes, not to put a thumb on the
scale in favor of or against any particular group. For that
reason, it may be important in a future case for this Court
to address the justifcation for any benefts-related canon
that favors one group over others.
 Cite as: (2024) 319

Thomas, J., dissenting

Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Alito joins,
dissenting.
Our country rewards those who serve in the Armed Forces
with educational benefts. This case involves the educa-
tional benefts available under the Montgomery GI Bill and
the more recent Post-9/11 GI Bill. The Post-9/11 benefts
are more generous than the Montgomery benefts, and veter-
ans are sometimes entitled to benefts under both programs.
By statute, however, veterans cannot receive benefts under
both programs at the same time. Congress therefore cre-
ated an election mechanism that allows veterans to switch
from Montgomery benefts to Post-9/11 benefts. Under
that mechanism, when a veteran switches to Post-9/11 bene-
fts after using some, but not all, of his Montgomery benefts,
the amount of his Post-9/11 benefts is limited to the number
of months he had remaining for Montgomery benefts. 38
U. S. C.. The question here is whether this limita-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion applies to James Rudisill, a retired captain in the U. S.
Army.
The Court agrees that Rudisill could not use his two sets
of benefts concurrently, and that he switched to Post-9/11
benefts when he had some remaining Montgomery benefts.
Ante, at 303 -- 304, 310 -- 311. But, it declines to apply the
statute's corresponding limitation on his benefts because
Rudisill was separately entitled to Montgomery and Post-
9/11 benefts due to his multiple periods of service. Ante, at
298. Because this approach conficts with the statute's plain
text, I respectfully dissent.
I
Since World War II, Congress has enacted numerous stat-
utes that provide veterans with a range of educational bene-
fts, commonly called GI bills. Two of these statutes are at
issue here: the Veterans' Educational Assistance Program
Act of 1984 (Montgomery GI Bill), 38 U. S. C. et
seq., and the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act
320 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Thomas, J., dissenting

(Post-9/11 GI Bill), 38 U. S. C. et seq. As the majority
explains, the Montgomery GI Bill had been the primary
source of educational benefts since 1985, but, in direct re-
sponse to the September 11, 2001, attacks and the ensuing
confict, Congress enacted the Post-9/11 GI Bill and made its
benefts retroactively available. Ante, at 299 -- 301. The
Montgomery and Post-9/11 programs differ in meaningful
ways. Montgomery benefts provide a modest, fxed monthly
stipend, whereas Post-9/11 benefts are more generous and
can cover the actual net cost of in-state tuition, along with
other expenses such as tutorial assistance and licensing test
fees. Compare, e.g., with -- 3315, 3317 -- 3318.
Both programs impose a durational cap on the benefts
that an individual may receive. Regardless of how long a
veteran has served or how many periods of service he has, a
qualifying veteran is generally eligible for a maximum of 36
months of benefts under each program., 3312. In
addition, there is an aggregate cap on benefts that applies
Page Proof Pending Publication
across programs. No veteran may receive more than 48
months of educational benefts total..
The two educational-beneft programs cover overlapping
time periods. And, several statutory provisions address
this overlap. No veteran can use the two sets of benefts
concurrently.. Veterans accordingly must "elect"
which benefts to receive at a specifc time. Ibid. As rele-
vant here, there is a condition attached to one particular
election. Under, if a veteran elects to switch to Post-
9/11 benefts when he "has used, but retains unused," Mont-
gomery benefts, he is subject to a statutory "[l]imitation on
entitlement." Under this limitation, the amount of his Post-
9/11 benefts will be limited to "the number of months of
unused entitlement of the individual under" the Montgomery
program. (2)(A).1
1
There is another part of the limitation's formula that is of no concern
in this case. Title 38 U. S. C. (2)(B) encompasses "the number of
months, if any, of entitlement revoked by the individual under subsection
 Cite as: (2024) 321

Thomas, J., dissenting

The question before us is whether that statutory limitation
applies to Rudisill's benefts. Rudisill served during three
separate periods, spanning roughly eight years. He frst en-
listed in the Army in 2000 and served until 2002. During
this period of service, Rudisill became eligible for Montgom-
ery benefts. He used some of these benefts to start and,
after a second period of service spanning about a year and a
half, complete an undergraduate degree. Rudisill then re-
joined the Army as a commissioned offcer, serving from 2007
to 2011. Rudisill's second and third periods of service made
him eligible for Post-9/11 benefts. After he completed his
third period of military service, he was admitted to Yale Di-
vinity School.
Rudisill sought to use his remaining benefts to fund his
graduate education at Yale. At that time, Rudisill had used
25 months and 14 days of his Montgomery benefts for his
undergraduate education. This left him with 10 months and
16 days of remaining Montgomery benefts. Rather than
Page Proof Pending Publication
use these remaining benefts, however, Rudisill decided to
switch to his Post-9/11 benefts. As part of that switch,
Rudisill flled out a Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
form electing to receive Post-9/11 benefts "in lieu of " Mont-
gomery benefts. App. 1a. He expressly acknowledged
that his "months of entitlement under chapter 33" -- i. e.,
Post-9/11 benefts -- would be "limited to the number of
months of entitlement remaining under chapter 30" -- i. e.,
Montgomery benefts. Ibid.
Applying the limitation on entitlement in, the VA
awarded Rudisill Post-9/11 benefts for 10 months and 16
days -- the amount he had remaining for his Montgomery
benefts. Rudisill appealed, arguing that the limita-
tion did not apply to him because he had separate entitle-
ments to Montgomery and Post-9/11 benefts due to his mul-
tiple periods of service. Sitting en banc, the Federal Circuit
(c)(1)." This provision concerns a veteran's transfer of benefts to family
members, which Rudisill has not done.
322 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Thomas, J., dissenting

held that the VA had correctly applied the statutory limita-
tion to Rudisill's benefts. I would affrm.

II
Rudisill's Post-9/11 benefts are limited to the amount of
Montgomery benefts he had not used. Because he could not
use his sets of benefts concurrently, the statute required
that Rudisill coordinate his entitlements, and that such coor-
dination would be governed by. Rudisill then used
the election mechanism in to switch to Post-9/11 bene-
fts after he had used some, but not all, of his Montgomery
benefts. By making that election, the statute limited his
benefts to the amount of Montgomery benefts he had left.
Because the statutory scheme directs how a veteran in Rudi-
sill's position can switch to Post-9/11 benefts, I would apply
that mechanism to Rudisill's election -- and the cost that
comes with it.
Page Proof Pending Publication
As an initial matter, there is no dispute that Rudisill can-
not use his Montgomery and Post-9/11 benefts concurrently.
See Brief for Petitioner 39 -- 40; ante, at 310 -- 311. Under, a veteran "entitled to" Post-9/11 benefts "who is
also eligible" for Montgomery benefts "may not receive as-
sistance under two or more such programs concurrently, but
shall elect (in such form and manner as the Secretary may
prescribe) under which chapter or provisions to receive edu-
cational assistance." Because Rudisill is entitled to Mont-
gomery and Post-9/11 benefts, he cannot receive both bene-
fts at the same time. Instead, he "shall elect" which
benefts to receive.
How does Rudisill "elect" which benefts to receive? That
is the core of the dispute in this case. In my view, the stat-
ute answers that question by requiring Rudisill to coordinate
his entitlements and creating an election mechanism for him
to do so. After barring the concurrent use of benefts in, Congress included a provision titled "[a]dditional
coordination matters" in subsection (d). This coordination
 Cite as: (2024) 323

Thomas, J., dissenting

provision states that "[i]n the case of " a veteran "entitled"
to benefts under certain other chapters -- including the
Montgomery chapter -- "coordination of entitlement to educa-
tional assistance under this [Post-9/11] chapter, on the one
hand, and such chapters or provisions, on the other, shall be
governed by [38 U. S. C. ]."
The "coordination" here refers to a veteran choosing which
"entitlement" -- i.e., set of benefts -- he would like to use.
The ordinary meaning of "coordination" is "[t]he action of
arranging or placing in the same order, rank, or degree." 3
Oxford English Dictionary 898 (2d ed. 1989); see also Ran-
dom House Dictionary of the English Language 447 (2d ed.
1987) (defning "coordinate" as "to place or arrange in proper
order or position" and "to assume proper order or relation");
Webster's Third New International Dictionary 501 -- 502
(1981) (defning "coordination" as "arrangement in the same
order, class, rank, or dignity" and "coordinate" as "to make
coordinate; put in the same order or rank"). In this context,
Page Proof Pending Publication
coordination refers to a veteran ordering his sets of benefts.
A veteran's entitlement to both Montgomery and Post-9/11
benefts necessarily requires "coordination" because he can-
not use them concurrently, as subsection (a) prohibits such
use. And, subsection (d) explains that such coordination
"shall be governed" by.2
Unsurprisingly, the coordination provision points to an
election mechanism. As relevant, under (1), a vet-
eran "may elect to receive educational assistance under this
[Post-9/11] chapter" if he meets certain criteria. "[A]s of
August 1, 2009," the veteran must be "entitled" to Montgom-
ery benefts and "mee[t] the requirements for entitlement" to
Post-9/11 benefts. (1), (2). Next, a veteran may
make this election to switch to Post-9/11 benefts if he "has
2
Contrary to the Court's assertion, coordination and election are distinct
acts. See ante, at 308. Coordination requires a veteran to choose which
entitlement to use at any given time; an election is the mechanism by
which he switches from one set of benefts to another.
324 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Thomas, J., dissenting

used, but retains unused, entitlement under [the Montgom-
ery] chapter." (1). Put more simply, this election
mechanism applies to a veteran who is entitled to both Mont-
gomery and Post-9/11 benefts and has used some, but not
all, of his Montgomery benefts.
There is a consequence, however, for using this election
mechanism. By making a (1) election, a veteran
triggers a "[ l]imitation on entitlement. " (2).
Under that limitation, the veteran's Post-9/11 benefts are
limited to "the number of months of unused entitlement of
the individual under [the Montgomery] chapter... as of the
date of the election." (2)(A). That is, a veteran
with remaining Montgomery benefts who elects to switch to
his Post-9/11 benefts is limited to the amount of Montgom-
ery benefts he has remaining.
Rudisill is covered by the election mechanism and its ac-
companying limitation. He is entitled to both Montgomery
Page Proof Pending Publication
and Post-9/11 benefts. And, as of August 1, 2009, he had
used, but retained unused, Montgomery benefts. Section
3327(a) therefore provided him a mechanism by which he
could elect to switch to Post-9/11 benefts. And, Rudisill
made that election. App. 1a ("By electing Chapter 33, I ac-
knowledge that I understand... my months of entitlement
under chapter 33 will be limited to the number of months of
entitlement remaining under chapter 30"). Because Rudisill
elected to switch to his Post-9/11 benefts before exhausting
his Montgomery benefts, he was subject to the correspond-
ing limitation on his entitlement: He could receive Post-9/11
benefts for only the months remaining on his Montgomery
benefts. Indeed, the VA informed him of this consequence
before he made his election, and Rudisill acknowledged it.
See ibid. Applying this limitation, the en banc Federal Cir-
cuit correctly found that Rudisill was limited to 10 months
and 16 days of Post-9/11 benefts for his graduate education.
That straightforward conclusion follows from the statutory
 Cite as: (2024) 325

Thomas, J., dissenting

scheme that Congress created. I would simply apply that
statutory limit to Rudisill.
III
Rudisill and the majority make various attempts at avoid-
ing the statute's inevitable conclusion, but none hits the
mark. That is in large part because the statute's text,
though complicated, is ultimately unambiguous. Accord-
ingly, they do not dispute that Rudisill earned entitlements
to both Montgomery and Post-9/11 benefts and that he can-
not use these entitlements concurrently. Ante, at 305 -- 306,
310 -- 311; Brief for Petitioner 25 -- 26, 39 -- 40. They do not dis-
pute that he made an election to switch to Post-9/11 benefts.
Ante, at 310; Brief for Petitioner 26 -- 27; App. 1a. And, they
do not dispute that, when he made that election, he had used,
but retained unused, Montgomery benefts. Ante, at 304;
Brief for Petitioner 26.
Instead, Rudisill's primary argument is that the specifc
Page Proof Pending Publication
provisions in the statute governing coordination and election
do not apply to veterans who have multiple periods of serv-
ice. But, Rudisill acknowledges that the text of 
"does not state that its election mechanism is limited to vet-
erans with only a single period of service." Id., at 46.
There is likewise no language in the coordination provision
of that plainly cabins its application based upon pe-
riods of service. Because the plain text contains no carve-
out based on periods of service, that should be the end of
the debate.
Rudisill's contrary argument is especially unconvincing
given that Congress included other period-of-service limita-
tions in the very subchapter at issue. See Rotkiske v.
Klemm, (2019) ("Atextual judicial supplemen-
tation is particularly inappropriate when, as here, Congress
has shown that it knows how to adopt the omitted language
or provision"). Congress provided that a "period of service
counted for purposes... of an education loan under [a differ-
326 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Thomas, J., dissenting

ent program] may not be counted as a period of service for
entitlement to educational assistance under this [Post-9/11]
chapter." ; see also (cre-
ating a "[b]ar to duplication of eligibility based on a single
event or period of service" ). Congress
could have chosen to similarly limit the scope of 's coor-
dination provision or 's election mechanism based upon
periods of service or separate entitlements, but it did not.
We cannot do so of our own accord.
Next, Rudisill contends that the election mechanism in
is merely meant to provide veterans with a single pe-
riod of service a way to convert lesser Montgomery benefts
into more generous Post-9/11 benefts on a one-to-one basis.
The text of makes clear, however, that it is a mecha-
nism for making an election to switch from Montgomery ben-
efts to Post-9/11 benefts -- not merely a way to convert one
into the other. Section 3327 provides how a veteran "may
Page Proof Pending Publication
elect to receive" Post-9/11 benefts instead of his Montgom-
ery benefts. And, it echoes 's requirement that a
veteran entitled to multiple sets of benefts "shall elect"
which benefts to receive because he cannot use them concur-
rently. Moreover, the election mechanism applies only to
veterans who are already eligible for both programs. See
(requiring a veteran to be "entitled to basic educa-
tional assistance under [the Montgomery] chapter" and
"mee[t] the requirements for entitlement to educational as-
sistance under this [Post-9/11] chapter"). Because a veteran
must already qualify for Post-9/11 benefts, this mechanism
cannot provide a way for veterans who lack Post-9/11 bene-
fts to "convert" their Montgomery benefts. Indeed, the en-
tire point of the election mechanism is to "coordinat[e]" Mont-
gomery and Post-9/11 "entitlement[s]" -- i.e., to manage two
existing entitlements. (cross-referencing ).
More importantly, does not cabin its application
based upon period of service or separate entitlements. See
supra, at 325 -- 326. Rudisill's interpretation ultimately does
 Cite as: (2024) 327

Thomas, J., dissenting

not overcome the application of 's plain text to his
circumstance -- he is entitled to both sets of benefts and
switched to Post-9/11 benefts when he "ha[d] used, but re-
tain[ed] unused," Montgomery benefts.
The majority, for its part, takes a different tack. Its rea-
soning seems to rest on the theory that because Rudisill was
"entitled" to Montgomery benefts and "entitled" to Post-9/11
benefts, those multiple entitlements cannot be limited when
switching between benefts. Ante, at 305 -- 306. But, the
majority's own reasoning undermines that theory. It agrees
that Rudisill cannot receive the full 72 months of benefts he
earned because a separate statutory provision limits him to
48 months total. See ante, at 306;. And, it agrees
that Rudisill cannot use his two separate entitlements con-
currently. Ante, at 301;. This is true even though
Rudisill is "entitled" to 36 months of Montgomery benefts
and "entitled" to 36 months of Post-9/11 benefts. See
Page Proof Pending Publication, 3311(a). In other words, the majority itself ad-
mits that Rudisill's entitlements are not absolute. But,
while the majority accepts certain statutory limitations on
Rudisill's multiple "entitlements," it rejects others -- even
ones listed in the same subsection. Indeed, even though the
Court agrees that some election must be made, it rejects the
election process spelled out in the statute to address Rudi-
sill's circumstance. My focus on this election does not
"blu[r ] all elections into one," ante, at 311, but rather, ap-
plies specifc statutory text that plainly covers Rudisill.
The majority tries to justify its selective reading of the
statute by suggesting that the coordination provision in
"simply does not speak to a veteran who just wants
to use one of his two separate entitlements." Ante, at 309.
But that provision specifcally governs the "coordination of
entitlement" to Post-9/11 benefts "on the one hand" and
Montgomery benefts "on the other.". It is unclear how a statute could more explicitly
cover the interaction between two separate entitlements.
328 RUDISILL v. McDONOUGH

Thomas, J., dissenting

The majority also provides no satisfactory answer for why
the concurrent-use bar in applies to Rudisill, but
the coordination provision in does not. Both provi-
sions cover veterans who qualify for both sets of benefts,
yet the majority applies one but not the other to Rudisill.
More fundamentally, the Court agrees that some election
must be made. See ante, at 310. Rather than leave Rudi-
sill to make some uncodifed election to switch to Post-9/11
benefts, I would apply the election mechanism that Congress
created to cover his circumstance.
The majority's remaining arguments are simply critiques
of Congress's policy judgments. The Court calls the Gov-
ernment's reading of the statute's election mechanism "non-
sensical" because it requires a veteran to exhaust or forfeit
his Montgomery benefts before switching to Post-9/11 bene-
fts. Ante, at 313. But, in reality, the election mechanism
offers a veteran in Rudisill's circumstance two paths. He
may use 48 months of benefts by frst using all 36 months of
Page Proof Pending Publication
his Montgomery benefts, followed by 12 months of Post-9/11
benefts.3 Or, he could use 36 months of benefts, with his
choice of when to switch from Montgomery to Post-9/11 ben-
efts. It is not "remarkable" for Congress to "include a rule
allowing individuals to make a wholly voluntary election to
receive a more generous beneft earlier, at a cost." BO v.
Wilkie, 31 Vet. App. 321, 352 (Ct. App. Vet. Cl. 2019) (Bart-
ley, J., dissenting).
In any event, the wisdom of this limitation is not up to this
Court. It was for Congress to decide what Post-9/11 bene-
fts a veteran should receive retroactively. As Rudisill ac-
knowledges, the Post-9/11 program is "far more generous"
and, accordingly, costs much more than the Montgomery pro-

3
This option arises because once a veteran has used all his Montgomery
benefts, he is no longer entitled to multiple sets of benefts, rendering the
coordination provision and election mechanism inapplicable. Both of
those provisions apply only to a veteran entitled to more than one set of
benefts. See, 3327(a).
 Cite as: (2024) 329

Thomas, J., dissenting

gram. Brief for Petitioner 15. Perhaps the limitation on
entitlement refects a measure to manage this growing cost,
given that "[p]assing a law often requires compromise."
NLRB v. SW General, Inc., (2017). Or,
perhaps not. Either way, the limitation is what Congress
enacted -- whether the majority agrees with its fairness or
not -- and the text that Congress enacted must dictate the
result in this case.
Moving even further away from the text, the majority
hints that the veteran's canon could apply if the statute were
ambiguous. Ante, at 314. The veteran's canon directs that
"interpretive doubt is to be resolved in the veteran's favor."
Brown v. Gardner, (1994). Yet, as the
majority recognizes, this canon cannot apply when the statu-
tory text is plain, so it has no role to play here. More impor-
tantly, substantive canons such as the veteran's canon rest
on uncertain foundations. See Arizona v. Navajo Nation,
(2023) (Thomas, J., concurring). I share
Page Proof Pending Publication
Justice Kavanaugh's concern that the veteran's canon "ap-
pears to have developed almost by accident," and no explana-
tion has been provided for its foundation. Ante, at 316 (con-
curring opinion). I question whether this purported canon
should ever have a role in our interpretation.
IV
The Court holds that, although Rudisill must make some
election to switch from his Montgomery to Post-9/11 benefts,
the statute's corresponding limits do not apply because it
would reduce the amount of available benefts. In my view,
the Court ignores the statutory mechanism that Congress
created in favor of an interpretation that reaches a desired
outcome. I respectfully dissent.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 602 U. S. Part 1
Pages 143 -- 153

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
May 23, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2023 143

Syllabus

COINBASE, INC. v. SUSKI et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the ninth circuit
No. 23 -- 3. Argued February 28, 2024 -- Decided May 23, 2024
The dispute here involves a confict between two contracts executed by
petitioner Coinbase, Inc., operator of a cryptocurrency exchange plat-
form, and respondents, who use Coinbase. The frst contract -- the
Coinbase User Agreement that respondents agreed to when they cre-
ated their accounts -- contains an arbitration provision with a delegation
clause. Per this provision, an arbitrator must decide all disputes under
the contract, including whether a given disagreement is arbitrable.
The second contract -- the Offcial Rules for a promotional sweepstakes
respondents entered -- contains a forum selection clause providing that
California courts "shall have sole jurisdiction of any controversies re-
garding the [sweepstakes] promotion." Respondents ultimately fled a
class action in the U. S. District Court for the Northern District of Cali-
fornia, alleging that the sweepstakes violated various California laws.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Coinbase moved to compel arbitration based on the User Agreement's
delegation clause. The District Court determined that the Offcial
Rules' forum selection clause controlled the parties' dispute and accord-
ingly denied the motion. The Ninth Circuit affrmed.
Held: Where parties have agreed to two contracts -- one sending arbitra-
bility disputes to arbitration, and the other either explicitly or implicitly
sending arbitrability disputes to the courts -- a court must decide which
contract governs. Pp. 147 -- 152.
(a) The Federal Arbitration Act "refects the fundamental principle
that arbitration is a matter of contract." Rent-A-Center, West, Inc. v.
Jackson,. Given that arbitration agreements are simply
contracts, the frst question in any arbitration dispute must be: What
have these parties agreed to? Parties can form multiple levels of
agreements concerning arbitration, and thus can have different kinds of
disputes. At a basic level, parties can agree to send the merits of a
dispute to an arbitrator. The merits of a dispute is a frst-order disagree-
ment. The parties may also have a second-order dispute -- "whether they
agreed to arbitrate the merits" -- as well as a third-order dispute -- "who
should have the primary power to decide the second matter." First
Options of Chicago, Inc. v. Kaplan,. Pp. 147 -- 149.
(b) This case involves a fourth kind of dispute: What happens if par-
ties have multiple agreements that evidence a confict over the answer
144 COINBASE, INC. v. SUSKI

Syllabus

to the third-order question of who decides arbitrability? That question
can be answered as to these parties only by determining which contract
applies. Homing in on the confict between the delegation clause in the
frst contract and the forum selection clause in the second, the question
becomes whether the parties agreed to send the given dispute to arbi-
tration. And that question must be answered by a court.
Coinbase asks the Court to revisit the Ninth Circuit's bottom-line
conclusion below, but its arguments are unpersuasive. First, Coinbase
argues that the Ninth Circuit should have applied the so-called sever-
ability principle -- under which "an arbitration [or delegation] provision
is severable from the remainder of the contract," Buckeye Check Cash-
ing, Inc. v. Cardegna, -- 446 -- and considered only argu-
ments specifc to the User Agreement's delegation provision. But the
severability rule does not require that a party challenge only the arbitra-
tion or delegation provision. Rather, where a challenge applies "equally"
to the whole contract and to an arbitration or delegation provision, a
court must address that challenge. Rent-A-Center, 561 U. S., at 71.
Coinbase next contends that, as a matter of California state law, the
Ninth Circuit erroneously held that the Offcial Rules' forum selection
clause superseded the User Agreement's delegation provision. That
issue is outside the scope of the question presented, and the Court does
Page Proof Pending Publication
not address it.
Finally, the Court does not believe its ruling here will invite chaos
by facilitating challenges to delegation clauses. Regardless, where the
parties have agreed to two contracts, a court must decide which contract
governs. To hold otherwise would be to impermissibly elevate a dele-
gation provision over other forms of contract. See ibid. Pp. 149 -- 152.

55 F. 4th 1227, affrmed.

Jackson, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Gorsuch,
J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 152.

Jessica L. Ellsworth argued the cause for petitioner.
With her on the briefs were Neal Kumar Katyal, Nathaniel
A. G. Zelinsky, Kathleen Hartnett, and Bethany Lobo.
David J. Harris, Jr., argued the cause for respondents.
With him on the briefs was Gerilyn R. Harris.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Atlantic Legal
Foundation by Lawrence S. Ebner, Felix Shafr, John F. Querio, and Scott
 Cite as: (2024) 145

Opinion of the Court

Justice Jackson delivered the opinion of the Court.
The parties in this case executed two contracts. The frst
contained an arbitration provision with a delegation clause;
per that provision, an arbitrator must decide all disputes
under the contract, including whether a given disagreement
is arbitrable. The second contract contained a forum selec-
tion clause, providing that all disputes related to that con-
tract must be decided in California courts. Coinbase insists
that the frst contract's delegation clause established the
terms by which all subsequent disputes were to be resolved,
so the arbitrability of a contract-related dispute between
these parties is a matter for the arbitrator to decide. But
respondents maintain -- and the Ninth Circuit held -- that the
second contract's forum selection clause superseded that
prior agreement. This case thus presents the following
question: When two such contracts exist, who decides the
arbitrability of a contract-related dispute between the par-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ties -- an arbitrator or the court?
Basic legal principles establish the answer. Arbitration is
a matter of contract and consent, and we have long held
that disputes are subject to arbitration if, and only if, the
parties actually agreed to arbitrate those disputes. Here,
then, before either the delegation provision or the forum
selection clause can be enforced, a court needs to decide
what the parties have agreed to -- i. e., which contract con-
trols. Accordingly, we affrm the judgment of the Ninth
Circuit.
P. Dixler; for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America
et al. by Andrew J. Pincus, Archis A. Parasharami, Daniel E. Jones,
Jennifer B. Dickey, Jonathan D. Urick, Thomas Pinder, and Anastasia
P. Boden; and for Anthony Michael Sabino, pro se.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the American
Association for Justice by Robert S. Peck, Sean Domnick, and Jeffrey R.
White; for Legal Scholars by Glenn E. Chappell, Hassan A. Zavareei, and
Spencer S. Hughes; and for Public Citizen by Scott L. Nelson and Allison
M. Zieve.
146 COINBASE, INC. v. SUSKI

Opinion of the Court

I
Coinbase, Inc., operates a cryptocurrency exchange plat-
form. Respondents are users of Coinbase. To buy and sell
cryptocurrency on the platform, users create accounts.
The frst relevant contract is the Coinbase User Agree-
ment that respondents agreed to when they created their
accounts. The User Agreement contains a provision that
the contract calls the Arbitration Agreement. 1 App. 218.
The Arbitration Agreement includes a delegation clause:
"This Arbitration Agreement includes, without limita-
tion, disputes arising out of or related to the interpreta-
tion or application of the Arbitration Agreement, includ-
ing the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of
the Arbitration Agreement or any portion of the Arbi-
tration Agreement. All such matters shall be decided
by an arbitrator and not by a court or judge." Ibid..
Page Proof
Respondents Pending
each agreed Publication
to the User Agreement, com-
plete with the above-quoted arbitration language. If that
were the only contract at issue, we would not be deciding
this case, since the Arbitration Agreement quite clearly
sends to arbitration disputes between Coinbase and its users,
including disputes about arbitrability.
These parties, though, agreed to a second contract. Coin-
base offered a sweepstakes that users could enter for a
chance to win a cryptocurrency called Dogecoin. Respond-
ents each submitted entries in June 2021, and in doing so,
agreed to the Offcial Rules of the sweepstakes. Unlike the
User Agreement, the Offcial Rules contained a forum selec-
tion clause, which provided:
"The California courts (state and federal) shall have sole
jurisdiction of any controversies regarding the [sweep-
stakes] promotion and the laws of the state of California
shall govern the promotion. Each entrant waives any
and all objections to jurisdiction and venue in those
 Cite as: (2024) 147

Opinion of the Court

courts for any reason and hereby submits to the jurisdic-
tion of those courts." Id., at 108 (capitalization altered).
Thus, after respondents entered the sweepstakes, the par-
ties had executed two contracts: the User Agreement, which
sent disputes about arbitrability to arbitration, and the Off-
cial Rules, which appeared to send disputes to California
courts.
Once the sweepstakes concluded, the confict between
these contracts came to a head. Respondents fled a class-
action complaint in the U. S. District Court for the Northern
District of California, alleging that the sweepstakes violated
California's False Advertising Law, Unfair Competition Law,
and Consumer Legal Remedies Act. Invoking the User
Agreement and its delegation clause, Coinbase moved to
compel arbitration.
The District Court denied Coinbase's motion. It reasoned
that deciding which contract governed was a question for
Page Proof Pending Publication
the court; that the User Agreement's arbitration provision
conficted with the forum selection clause in the Offcial
Rules; and that, under California contract law, the Offcial
Rules superseded the User Agreement. The District Court
therefore determined that the Offcial Rules' forum selection
clause controlled, so the parties' sweepstakes-related dispute
was not subject to arbitration. The Ninth Circuit affrmed.
55 F. 4th 1227 (2022).
We granted certiorari to answer the question of who -- a
judge or an arbitrator -- should decide whether a subsequent
contract supersedes an earlier arbitration agreement that
contains a delegation clause. 601 U. S. -- -- -- (2023).
II
The Federal Arbitration Act (FAA) "refects the funda-
mental principle that arbitration is a matter of contract."
Rent-A-Center, West, Inc. v. Jackson, (2010).
As a result, arbitration agreements are "valid, irrevocable,
and enforceable, save upon such grounds as exist at law or
148 COINBASE, INC. v. SUSKI

Opinion of the Court

in equity for the revocation of any contract." 9 U. S. C..
If a court is "satisfed that the making of the agreement for
arbitration... is not in issue," it must send the dispute to
an arbitrator.. "The FAA thereby places arbitration
agreements on an equal footing with other contracts. "
Rent-A-Center, 561 U. S., at 67.
Given that arbitration agreements are simply contracts,
" `[t]he frst principle that underscores all of our arbitration
decisions' is that `[a]rbitration is strictly a matter of con-
sent.' " Lamps Plus, Inc. v. Varela, (2019)
; some alterations in original). Arbitration is "a way
to resolve those disputes -- but only those disputes -- that the
parties have agreed to submit to arbitration." First Op-
tions of Chicago, Inc. v. Kaplan, (1995).
Consequently, the frst question in any arbitration dispute
must be: What have these parties agreed to?
Page Proof Pending Publication
As relevant here, parties can form multiple levels of agree-
ments concerning arbitration. At a basic level, parties can
agree to send the merits of a dispute to an arbitrator. They
can also "agree by contract that an arbitrator, rather than a
court, will resolve threshold arbitrability questions as well
as underlying merits disputes." Henry Schein, Inc. v. Ar-
cher & White Sales, Inc., (2019). An agree-
ment to allow an arbitrator to decide whether a dispute is
subject to arbitration -- i. e., its arbitrability -- "is simply an
additional, antecedent agreement..., and the FAA operates
on this additional arbitration agreement just as it does on
any other." Rent-A-Center, 561 U. S., at 70.
From these different kinds of agreements, it follows that
parties can also have different kinds of disputes. A contest
over "the merits of the dispute" is a frst-order disagree-
ment, First Options, 514 U. S., at 942 (emphasis deleted), the
resolution of which depends on the applicable law and rele-
vant facts. The parties may also have a second-order dis-
pute -- "whether they agreed to arbitrate the merits" -- as
 Cite as: (2024) 149

Opinion of the Court

well as a third-order dispute -- "who should have the primary
power to decide the second matter." Ibid. (emphasis de-
leted). Under contract principles, these second- and third-
order questions are also matters of consent. "Just as the
arbitrability of the merits of a dispute depends upon whether
the parties agreed to arbitrate that dispute, so the question
`who has the primary power to decide arbitrability' turns
upon what the parties agreed about that matter." Id., at
943 (citations omitted).
We ask who has the power to decide arbitrability because
"a party who has not agreed to arbitrate will normally have
a right to the court's decision about the merits of its dispute."
Id., at 942. Thus, we have explained that "[c]ourts should
not assume that the parties agreed to arbitrate arbitrability
unless there is `clea[r] and unmistakabl[e]' evidence that they
did so." Id., at 944 ; some
alterations in original). "[B]efore referring a dispute to
Page Proof Pending Publication
an arbitrator," therefore, "the court determines whether a
valid arbitration agreement exists." Henry Schein, 586
U. S., at 69.
III
In prior cases, we have addressed three layers of arbitra-
tion disputes: (1) merits, (2) arbitrability, and (3) who decides
arbitrability. This case involves a fourth: What happens if
parties have multiple agreements that confict as to the
third-order question of who decides arbitrability? As al-
ways, traditional contract principles apply.
Coinbase says the User Agreement's delegation clause
controls. Respondents counter that the Offcial Rules'
forum selection clause superseded that agreement. If Coin-
base is right that the User Agreement's delegation clause
was meant to govern all agreements moving forward, then
the parties agreed to arbitrate all subsequent arbitrability
disputes. If respondents are correct that the Offcial Rules'
forum selection clause superseded the User Agreement's del-
150 COINBASE, INC. v. SUSKI

Opinion of the Court

egation clause, then the parties meant to send sweepstakes
disputes -- including those over arbitrability -- to California
courts.
Thus, the question whether these parties agreed to arbi-
trate arbitrability can be answered only by determining
which contract applies. In other words, "the substance of
the parties' supersession dispute is `whether there is an
agreement to arbitrate.' " Field Intelligence Inc. v. Xylem
Dewatering Solutions Inc., 49 F. 4th 351, 356 (CA3 2022).
When we home in on the confict between the delegation
clause in the frst contract and forum selection clause in the
second, the question is whether the parties agreed to send
the given dispute to arbitration -- and, per usual, that ques-
tion must be answered by a court.
Coinbase seems to concede this point. See Reply Brief 12
("Coinbase agrees that the Court can and should assess
whether the offcial rules displaced the parties' consent to
Page Proof Pending Publication
have an arbitrator decide arbitrability"). Nevertheless, it
offers a slew of reasons why we should revisit the Ninth
Circuit's bottom-line conclusion. None of these reasons per-
suades us to do so.
First, Coinbase invokes the so-called severability princi-
ple. Under the severability principle, "an arbitration [or
delegation] provision is severable from the remainder of the
contract," and "unless the challenge is to the arbitration [or
delegation] clause itself, the issue of the contract's validity is
considered by the arbitrator in the frst instance." Buckeye
Check Cashing, Inc. v. Cardegna, -- 446
(2006). Coinbase argues that, pursuant to this principle, the
Ninth Circuit should have isolated the User Agreement's del-
egation provision and considered only arguments specifc to
that provision.
Assuming without deciding that the severability principle
is implicated here, it is nonetheless satisfed. The severabil-
ity principle establishes that a party seeking to avoid arbi-
tration must directly challenge the arbitration or delegation
 Cite as: (2024) 151

Opinion of the Court

clause, not just the contract as a whole. But this rule does
not require that a party challenge only the arbitration or
delegation provision. Rather, where a challenge applies
"equally" to the whole contract and to an arbitration or dele-
gation provision, a court must address that challenge.
Rent-A-Center, 561 U. S., at 71. Again, basic principles of
contract and consent require that result. Arbitration and
delegation agreements are simply contracts, and, normally,
if a party says that a contract is invalid, the court must ad-
dress that argument before deciding the merits of the con-
tract dispute. So too here. "If a party challenges the va-
lidity... of the precise agreement to arbitrate at issue, the
federal court must consider the challenge before ordering
compliance with that [arbitration] agreement." Ibid. (em-
phasis added).*
Next, Coinbase contends that, as a matter of California
law, the Ninth Circuit was wrong to hold that the Offcial
Rules' forum selection clause superseded the User Agree-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment's delegation provision. That issue is outside the scope
of the question presented, and we do not address it. We
took this case to decide whether, under the FAA, a court or
an arbitrator decides which of the two contractual provisions
controls. We decline to consider auxiliary questions about
whether the Ninth Circuit properly applied state law.

*Coinbase's argument that respondents failed to challenge the delega-
tion provision in the District Court is itself forfeited. Coinbase did not
raise that argument before the Ninth Circuit, and the Ninth Circuit did
not address it. That argument is also meritless: When opposing Coin-
base's motion to compel arbitration in the District Court, respondents
pointed out that "courts can refer the question of arbitrability to an arbi-
trator only `if a valid [arbitration] agreement exists,' " and, "since Offcial
Rules ¶10 `superseded' the parties' prior arbitration agreements, any prior
agreement to arbitrate Sweepstakes-related disputes no longer exists." 2
App. 451. Respondents' District Court challenge
was "directed specifcally to" the delegation provision. Rent-A-Center,
561 U. S., at 71. Thus, this case is not like Rent-A-Center, where the
plaintiff "did [not] even mention the delegation provision." Id., at 72.
152 COINBASE, INC. v. SUSKI

Gorsuch, J., concurring

Finally, Coinbase contends that our approach will invite
chaos by facilitating challenges to delegation clauses. We
do not believe that such chaos will follow. In cases where
parties have agreed to only one contract, and that contract
contains an arbitration clause with a delegation provision,
then, absent a successful challenge to the delegation provi-
sion, courts must send all arbitrability disputes to arbitra-
tion. But, where, as here, parties have agreed to two
contracts -- one sending arbitrability disputes to arbitration,
and the other either explicitly or implicitly sending arbitra-
bility disputes to the courts -- a court must decide which con-
tract governs. To hold otherwise would be to impermissibly
" `elevate [a delegation provision] over other forms of con-
tract.' " Ibid. ).
* * *
We conclude that a court, not an arbitrator, must decide
Page
whether theProof Pending
parties' frst agreement wasPublication
superseded by their
second. The Ninth Circuit's judgment is affrmed.
It is so ordered.
Justice Gorsuch, concurring.
Often, parties choose to send disputes arising from their
contracts to an arbitrator instead of a court. Ante, at 148;
see 9 U. S. C.. Just as often, it seems, parties later wind
up disagreeing about whether a particular dispute is subject
to that arbitration agreement. Sometimes a court can re-
solve their disagreement about the "arbitrability" of a partic-
ular dispute. But sometimes not. For parties can agree to
send arbitrability questions to an arbitrator too, through
what this Court calls a delegation clause. Ante, at 148 -- 149;
Henry Schein, Inc. v. Archer & White Sales, Inc., (2019).
What happens when (as in this case) the parties have two
contracts, one with a delegation clause, a second without, and
 Cite as: (2024) 153

Gorsuch, J., concurring

a dispute later arises? Like everything else in this area,
it depends on what the parties have agreed. Ante, at 148.
Sometimes, a court may conclude that the parties' agree-
ments are best read as leaving for the court the task of re-
solving the arbitrability of the dispute at hand. But some-
times, the parties' agreements may be best read as vesting
that power in an arbitrator. Just imagine a master contract
providing that "all disputes arising out of or related to this or
future agreements between the parties, including questions
concerning whether a dispute should be routed to arbitra-
tion, shall be decided by an arbitrator." Absent some later
amendment, a provision like that would seem to require a
court to step aside. See ante, at 152.
It is not clear to me whether the Ninth Circuit appreciated
this point. But nor does that matter. Our decision today
recognizes -- and stresses -- that "[a]rbitration is a matter of
contract," ante, at 145, and parties can " `agree by contract
that an arbitrator, rather than a court, will resolve threshold
Page Proof Pending Publication
arbitrability questions as well as underlying merits dis-
putes,' " ante, at 148.
Notably, too, the Court does not endorse the reasoning in the
Ninth Circuit's opinion, let alone its state contract law analy-
sis of the parties' agreements. See ante, at 151. Instead,
the Court simply reaffrms well-established principles about
the primacy of the parties' agreements when it comes to ar-
bitration, ante, at 148, and the Ninth Circuit's "bottom-line
conclusion" that a court had to decide whether and to what
extent the parties here reached "an agreement" to have an
arbitrator resolve the question of arbitrability, ante, at 145,
150. With that understanding, I am pleased to concur.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None