JUSTICE KAGAN delivered the opinion of the Court.
Petitioner Gabriel Olivier was once convicted of violating
a city ordinance restricting expressive activity near a public
amphitheater. He now wishes to return to that venue to
voice his beliefs -- but this time, without the threat of crim-
inal punishment. He therefore filed this suit, alleging that
the city ordinance infringes the First Amendment. The
suit, brought under 42 U. S. C., seeks an order de-
claring the ordinance unconstitutional and preventing its
enforcement in the future. The suit, in other words, re-
quests only forward-looking relief -- nothing to do with Oliv-
ier's prior conviction.
The question presented here is whether this Court's deci-
sion in Heck v. Humphrey, (1994), bars Oliv-
ier's suit. The answer is no. Heck prohibits the use of 
to challenge the validity of a prior conviction or sentence so
as to obtain release from custody or monetary damages.
That decision has no bearing on Olivier's suit seeking a
purely prospective remedy.
2 OLIVIER v. CITY OF BRANDON

Opinion of the Court

I
Olivier was convicted some five years ago for violating the
local ordinance he now challenges. Olivier is a street
preacher in Mississippi -- a Christian who believes that
sharing his religious views with fellow citizens is an im-
portant part of exercising his faith. His vocation sometimes
took him to the sidewalks near an amphitheater in the City
of Brandon, where he could find sizable audiences attend-
ing events. Olivier was apparently not the only speaker at-
tracted to that area, and the activities there caused some
disruption. In 2019, the City adopted an ordinance requir-
ing all individuals or groups engaging in "protests" or
"demonstrations," at around the time events were sched-
uled, to stay within a "designated protest area." Supp. to
App. 70 (capitalization deleted). On his next trip to the am-
phitheater, in 2021, Olivier checked out that area, but
found it too remote for communicating his message. So he
returned, along with his signs and loudspeaker, to the side-
walk fronting the amphitheater. And there he was arrested
by the Brandon police chief for violating the city ordinance.
The next month, Olivier pleaded no contest in municipal
court. The court imposed a $304 fine; one year of probation;
and ten days of imprisonment, to be served only if, during
his probation, he again violated the ordinance. Olivier did
not appeal, paid the fine, and served no prison time.
Because he still wanted to preach near the amphitheater,
Olivier's next step was to file this lawsuit in federal court,
naming the City and its police chief as defendants. The suit
is brought under, which authorizes claims against
state and local officials for the "deprivation of any rights"
secured by the Constitution. Olivier's complaint alleges
that the city ordinance violates the Free Speech Clause of
the First Amendment by consigning him (and other speak-
ers) to the amphitheater's out-of-the-way protest area. The
complaint seeks, as a remedy, a declaration that the ordi-
nance infringes his (and other speakers') First Amendment
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

rights and an injunction preventing city officials from en-
forcing the ordinance in the future.1 In other words, the
relief requested is only prospective; Olivier seeks neither
the reversal of, nor compensation for, his prior conviction.
And Olivier has since made clear that he has no interest in
using a favorable judgment in this suit to later get his rec-
ord expunged or avoid his conviction's collateral effects. See
Tr. of Oral Arg. 7. The suit is just meant to ensure that
Olivier may return to the amphitheater to speak without
fear of further punishment.
The parties contested in the lower courts whether this
Court's decision in Heck v. Humphrey bars the suit from go-
ing forward. On the City's view of Heck, a person previously
convicted of violating a statute cannot challenge its consti-
tutionality under because success in the suit would
cast doubt on the prior conviction's correctness. On Oliv-
ier's contrary view, that rule is subject to two limitations,
either of which enables his suit to proceed. First, Olivier
contended, Heck does not preclude a suit seeking wholly
prospective relief, rather than relief relating to the prior
conviction. And second, Olivier argued, Heck does not apply
(regardless of the relief sought) when the person suing was
never in custody for his conviction, so never had a chance to
challenge it in federal habeas proceedings.2
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Originally, Olivier also sought damages for the City's prior enforce-

ment of the ordinance against him. But he abandoned that request as
the suit progressed, leaving only the above-described pleas for declara-
tory and injunctive relief.
2 The premise of Olivier's second argument is, of course, that he had

not been in custody following his conviction. That premise appears to be
wrong. Under his sentence, Olivier served a year of probation -- indeed,
was still serving that time when he filed this suit. And a person on pro-
bation is generally " 'in custody' for purposes of federal habeas corpus."
Minnesota v. Murphy, (1984); see Jones v. Cunning-
ham, -- 243 (1963). For whatever reason, though, the
City failed to raise that objection below, and both lower courts accepted
that Olivier was not put in custody for his conviction. See 2022 WL
4 OLIVIER v. CITY OF BRANDON

Opinion of the Court

The District Court agreed with the City's understanding
of Heck, and the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit af-
firmed on the same reasoning. If Olivier's suit suc-
ceeded, the District Court reasoned, the judgment would
"undermine his Municipal Court conviction." 2022 WL
15047414, *11 (SD Miss., Sept. 23, 2022). And so the suit
was categorically barred under Heck. Similarly, the Fifth
Circuit viewed Heck as precluding any claim that, if
successful, would "necessarily imply the invalidity of the
plaintiff 's criminal conviction." 2023 WL 5500223, *1 (Aug.
25, 2023); see Heck, 512 U. S., at 487 (using near-identical
language). Olivier's claim, the court maintained, was of
that sort: If he showed that the city ordinance violated the
First Amendment, he also would show that his prior convic-
tion should not have happened. And that fact, the court
concluded, was dispositive. It did not matter whether Oliv-
ier's conviction had landed him in custody. See 2023 WL
5500223, *4. Nor did it matter whether Olivier's suit
sought only prospective relief. See ibid.
The Fifth Circuit denied rehearing en banc, but eight (of
seventeen) judges dissented. Those judges understood Heck
to bar only the "retrospective use of to collaterally
attack criminal convictions." 121 F. 4th 511, 514 (2024)
(Oldham, J., dissenting) (emphasis in original). A suit like
Olivier's for "prospective injunctive relief," the dissenters
argued, is not precluded because granting a "forward-
looking injunction" neither "invalidate[s]" nor "impose[s]
tort liability" for a prior conviction. Id., at 514 -- 515; see id.,
at 513 (Ho, J., dissenting) (similar). The dissenters noted
that the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit had adopted
their view, which meant there was now a Circuit split about

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
15047414, *10 (SD Miss., Sept. 23, 2022); 2023 WL 5500223, *4 (CA5,
Aug. 25, 2023). Given that the case has proceeded so far on that basis,
we treat any contrary argument as forfeited and proceed in the same
way.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

Heck's proper reach. 121 F. 4th, at 515 (Oldham, J., dis-
senting) ).
We granted certiorari, (2025), to consider
the two independent reasons Olivier offered below for why
his suit escapes the so-called Heck bar: that he was never
in custody for his prior conviction, and that he now seeks
purely prospective relief. See Pet. for Cert. i. We need not
address the former reason today because we agree with
Olivier (and the Fifth Circuit's dissenting judges) on the lat-
ter. Given that Olivier asked for only a forward-looking
remedy -- an injunction stopping officials from enforcing the
city ordinance in the future -- his suit can proceed, notwith-
standing his prior conviction.3 Heck, properly understood,
does not say otherwise.
II
Before our decision in Heck, the City would have had no
plausible basis for claiming Olivier's suit is barred. That
type of suit, as no one here disputes, falls within 's
heartland: Assuming a credible threat of prosecution, a
plaintiff may bring a action to challenge a local law
as violating the Constitution and to prevent that law's fu-
ture enforcement. See, e.g., Steffel v. Thompson, (1974). And a half-century ago, in Wooley v. Maynard,
(1977), this Court held that rule to apply even
when the plaintiff (like Olivier) was previously convicted
under the challenged law.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 In reaching that holding, we do not say that every person can chal-

lenge his statute of conviction through a suit for wholly prospec-
tive relief. The Government, appearing here as amicus curiae, urges us
to reserve the issue whether a person may bring such a suit while he is
in custody for violating the statute challenged. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41 -- 
42, 46 -- 47; see also Brief for United States 27 (positing why that circum-
stance might matter). We think it appropriate to do so because, as we
have explained, our assumption here is that Olivier was never in custody.
See supra, at 3 -- 4,.
6 OLIVIER v. CITY OF BRANDON

Opinion of the Court

For anyone who has followed along this far, a description
of Wooley should strike a chord. George Maynard viewed
the "Live Free or Die" motto on his New Hampshire license
plate as "repugnant to [his] moral and religious beliefs."
Id., at 707. So he covered those words with reflective tape,
in violation of a state statute. Maynard was convicted for
that conduct three times over in state court, receiving
(mostly suspended) sentences involving small fines and
short jail terms. After the last proceeding had concluded -- 
and presumably anxious that there not be a fourth -- 
Maynard brought a suit in federal court, seeking a
declaration that the state statute violated the First Amend-
ment and an injunction to prevent its future enforcement.
New Hampshire argued, as its front line of defense, that the
suit was precluded "because [Maynard] has already been
subjected to prosecution" under the challenged law. Id., at
712,. Our decision in Heck had not yet issued. Instead,
New Hampshire relied on "Younger principles," which cau-
tion against federal interference with state-court proceed-
ings. Ibid.; see Younger v. Harris, (1971).
Those principles would be offended, New Hampshire
claimed, if a federal court were to enjoin the enforcement of
a state law at the behest of someone earlier convicted under
it in state court.
This Court rejected New Hampshire's argument on the
ground that Maynard's suit sought only to prevent "further
prosecution" under the New Hampshire statute. Wooley,
430 U. S., at 711. The suit, the Court explained, was "in no
way designed to annul the results of a state trial" (as indeed
would have been troubling under Younger doctrine). 430
U. S., at 711. Maynard had "already sustained [his] convic-
tions" and "served [his] sentence[s]." Ibid. And he did "not
seek to have his record expunged, or to annul any collateral
effects" his convictions might have -- for example, "upon his
driving privileges." Ibid. Rather, Maynard sought "wholly
prospective" relief: He wanted "only to be free from
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

prosecutions for future violations of the same" (allegedly
unconstitutional) statute. Ibid. Because that was so, the
Court held, provided an avenue to bring his claim.
See id., at 710. Were it otherwise, the Court reasoned,
Maynard would have no good way to vindicate his First
Amendment rights: He would be trapped "between the
Scylla of intentionally flouting state law and the Charybdis
of forgoing what he believes to be constitutionally protected
activity" so as to avoid yet another criminal prosecution.
Ibid.
All of that could as easily be said of Olivier's suit. Like
Maynard, Olivier was convicted under the statute he now
alleges to violate the First Amendment. But also like
Maynard, Olivier did not seek in his suit to upset that
conviction, or even to avert its collateral effects. Rather,
Olivier sought "wholly prospective" relief -- an injunction to
preclude "further prosecution" under the law he had earlier
broken. Id., at 711. If not able to bring such a suit, Olivier
would face the same untenable choice as Maynard: violate
the law and suffer the consequences (the Scylla), or else give
up what he takes to be his First Amendment rights (the
Charybdis). See id., at 710. Our decision in Wooley, taken
alone, would thus defeat the City's attempt to prevent Oliv-
ier's suit from going forward.
Some two decades later, though, the Court encountered
Heck v. Humphrey, which the City now argues requires the
opposite result. Roy Heck had been convicted in state court
of manslaughter, and was serving a fifteen-year prison sen-
tence. While his appeal was pending, he filed a suit
in federal court naming two prosecutors and a police inves-
tigator as defendants. Heck alleged that they had commit-
ted misconduct, such as destroying exculpatory evidence, to
gain his conviction. He sought as a remedy monetary "dam-
ages attributable to [his] unconstitutional conviction." 512
U. S., at 489 -- 490. The question raised was whether 
allowed the suit.
8 OLIVIER v. CITY OF BRANDON

Opinion of the Court

The Court held it did not. The Court took as settled that
Heck could not have used to "challenge the fact or
duration of his confinement and seek immediate or speed-
ier release" from custody. Id., at 481 ). A claim of that
sort, the Court noted, "must be brought in habeas corpus
proceedings." Heck, 512 U. S., at 481. And so too, the Court
held, Heck could not use to seek damages deriving
from a conviction, unless it had already been overturned.
See id., at 486 -- 487. To be sure, Heck could not get damages
by way of a habeas action. See id., at 481. But in suing for
them under, Heck was in truth mounting a "collat-
eral attack" on the validity of his conviction, and thus in-
truding on the habeas statute's domain. Id., at 485. Such
a suit could lead to "parallel litigation" respecting "the is-
sues of probable cause and guilt." Id., at 484. And it could
give rise to "conflicting" judgments about the same conduct,
with the suit suggesting that Heck should be re-
leased even as criminal or habeas proceedings found the op-
posite. Ibid. Hence the Heck bar on " damages ac-
tions that necessarily require the plaintiff to prove the
unlawfulness of his conviction or confinement." Id., at 486.
"[W]hen a state prisoner seeks damages in a suit,"
the Court went on, "the district court must consider
whether a judgment in favor of the plaintiff would neces-
sarily imply the invalidity of his conviction or sentence."
Id., at 487. A judgment for Heck would have done so, for
his success rested on proof discrediting his conviction. His
suit therefore could not go forward.
In two later decisions, though, the Court drew a line be-
tween Heck-type claims and those seeking forward-looking
relief. In Edwards v. Balisok, (1997), a state
prisoner alleged that procedures used in a disciplinary
hearing -- which had deprived him of good-time credits and
thus lengthened his sentence -- violated his Fourteenth
Amendment due process rights. He sought money damages
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

for the alleged past violation; he also sought an injunction
requiring prison officials to adopt new procedures, so as to
"prevent future violations." Id., at 643. The Court made
short work of the claim for damages. As in Heck, the Court
reasoned, the prisoner could not obtain damages without
demonstrating "the invalidity of the punishment imposed"
on him (i.e., the loss of his good-time credits), and thus im-
pinging on habeas. 520 U. S., at 648. But the claim for
"prospective injunctive relief " -- the use of fairer procedures
in the future -- was a different thing. Said the Court: "Or-
dinarily, a prayer for such prospective relief " may "properly
be brought under," because it does not depend on
showing the "invalidity of a previous" sentencing decision.
Ibid. Likewise, in Wilkinson v. Dotson, 
(2005), the Court allowed state prisoners to bring a 
suit alleging that existing parole procedures violated the
Due Process Clause and requesting an injunction that the
State "comply with constitutional" requirements "in the fu-
ture." That claim for "future relief," the Court determined,
was "distant" from "the core of habeas" and so not barred by
Heck. 544 U. S., at 82 (emphasis in original).
The same is true of Olivier's suit. Olivier is not challeng-
ing the "validity of [his] conviction or sentence," for the pur-
pose either of securing (or speeding) release or of obtaining
monetary damages. Nance v. Ward, -- 168
(2022). Instead, Olivier is seeking (in Wooley's words)
"wholly prospective" relief -- "only to be free from prosecu-
tions for future violations" of the city ordinance. 430 U. S.,
at 711. And that request, as Balisok and Dotson recognized,
falls outside habeas's core -- and likewise outside Heck's
concerns. See 520 U. S., at 648; 544 U. S., at 82. Olivier's
suit does not, as habeas suits do, "collateral[ly] attack" the
old conviction. Heck, 512 U. S., at 485. It thus cannot give
rise, as Heck feared, to "parallel litigation" respecting his
prior conduct. Id., at 484. Nor does it risk "conflicting"
judgments over how that conduct was prosecuted or
10 OLIVIER v. CITY OF BRANDON

Opinion of the Court

punished. Ibid. The suit, after all, is not about what Olivier
did in the past, and depends on no proof addressed to his
prior conviction. Unlike in Heck, the suit merely attempts
to prevent a future prosecution. So the Heck bar does not
come into play.
The City's main argument to the contrary (echoing the
decisions below) rests on one sentence of our Heck opinion.
That supposedly dispositive line states: "[W]hen a state
prisoner seeks damages in a suit, the district court
must consider whether a judgment in favor of the plaintiff
would necessarily imply the invalidity of his conviction or
sentence; if it would, the complaint must be dismissed" (un-
less the conviction has already been invalidated). Id., at
487; see supra, at 8. Of course, Olivier does not "seek
damages" in his suit, but the City points out that sev-
eral post-Heck decisions dropped the sentence's prefatory
phrase while repeating the rest. See, e.g., Dotson, 544 U. S.,
at 81 -- 82; Skinner v. Switzer, -- 534 (2011).
And in the City's view, that modified inquiry suggests that
the Heck bar should apply to Olivier's suit. That is because,
the City says, a judgment in Olivier's favor would "neces-
sarily imply the invalidity of [his] prior conviction." Brief
for Respondent 33. To declare the city ordinance unconsti-
tutional, as Olivier seeks, would be to imply that no one -- 
including Olivier -- should have been convicted under that
law.
The argument is a fair one, but hardly dispositive. We
have to agree that if Olivier succeeds in this suit, it would
mean his prior conviction was unconstitutional. So, strictly
speaking, the Heck language fits. But that could just show
that the phrasing was not quite as tailored as it should have
been. This Court has often cautioned that "general lan-
guage in judicial opinions should be read as referring in
context to circumstances similar to the circumstances then
before the Court and not referring to quite different circum-
stances that the Court was not then considering." Turkiye
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

Halk Bankasi A.S. v. United States, 
(2023) ). The City's argument raises the question whether
that is true here.
We think, with the benefit of hindsight, that it is -- that
the sentence relied on swept a bit too broad. That language
was used in Heck to identify claims that were really as-
saults on a prior conviction, even though involving some in-
direction. One example was found in Heck itself: a claim
seeking not straightforward reversal of a conviction (and
release from custody), but damages attributable to that con-
viction, requiring proof that police misconduct made it in-
valid. Another example Heck offered was yet further atten-
uated. See 512 U. S., at 486 -- 487,. A person convicted
of resisting arrest -- defined as preventing an officer from
effecting a lawful arrest -- brings a action for dam-
ages against the arresting officer for violation of his Fourth
Amendment right not to be unreasonably seized. The dam-
ages sought, unlike in Heck, are not attributable to his con-
viction (for resisting arrest); they are damages deriving only
from the underlying arrest. Still, a " action will not
lie" because the plaintiff, to prevail, "would have to negate
an element of the offense of which he has been convicted" -- 
i.e., that the underlying arrest was "lawful." Ibid. Once
again, the suit requires looking back to conduct involved in
a prior conviction, and offering contradictory proof. By con-
trast, there is no looking back in Olivier's suit. Both in the
allegations made, and in the relief sought, the suit is all
future-oriented -- even if, as a kind of byproduct, success in
it shows that something past should not have occurred. The
Heck Court did not consider such a suit, and the Heck lan-
guage was not meant to address it.
Proof positive comes from the logical -- but wholly unten-
able -- consequences of the City's position. Suppose that af-
ter Olivier's conviction, another citizen brings a suit
to enjoin the city ordinance so that he can speak outside the
12 OLIVIER v. CITY OF BRANDON

Opinion of the Court

amphitheater. Let's name this citizen Laurence and say
that he boasts a clean police record. Would Heck allow Lau-
rence's suit to proceed? See 121 F. 4th, at 514 (Oldham, J.,
dissenting) (offering a similar hypothetical). The very ques-
tion seems ludicrous: No one would say Heck poses a bar.
But under the City's logic, it should -- because here, too,
Heck's language fits. The hypothetical suit -- no less than
Olivier's own -- would, if successful, "necessarily imply the
invalidity" of Olivier's conviction (as well as all other con-
victions under the statute). 512 U. S., at 487. A judgment
in that suit too would demonstrate, and in just the same
way, that Olivier's conviction was unconstitutional. The
hypothetical thus shows that the "necessarily imply" lan-
guage cannot extend as far as the City wants. Contra the
City's logic, the Heck language does not preclude Laurence's
suit because, rather than challenging a prior convic-
tion, that suit only attempts to prevent future ones. And
contra the City's actual position, the language does not pre-
clude Olivier's suit for the identical reason -- because,
as explained above, it looks forward only. See supra, at 9 -- 
10.
With Heck thus out of the way, Wooley returns to center
stage. Recall the Court held in that case that Maynard
could sue under to prevent future enforcement of an
allegedly unconstitutional statute, despite a prior convic-
tion under that law. See supra, at 6 -- 7. The same rule al-
lows Olivier to sue under to enjoin future prosecu-
tions under the city ordinance, despite his prior conviction.
Were that not so, Olivier would face the same dilemma as
Maynard: flout the law and risk another prosecution, or else
forgo speech he believes is constitutionally protected. See
Wooley, 430 U. S., at 710; supra, at 7. We declined to put
Maynard to that choice, and we will not put Olivier to it
either. His suit to enjoin the ordinance, so he can return to
the amphitheater, may proceed.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

We accordingly reverse the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals and remand the case for further proceedings con-
sistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

============================================================

JUSTICE KAGAN delivered the opinion of the Court.
In Yearsley v. W. A. Ross Constr. Co., 
(1940), this Court held that a federal contractor cannot be
held liable for conduct that the Government has lawfully
"authorized and directed" the contractor to perform. Ra-
ther, liability may attach only if the authorization was un-
lawful or if the contractor acted outside its scope. See id.,
at 20 -- 21.
The question here is whether a contractor may take an
immediate appeal of a district court's pretrial order denying
Yearsley protection. The answer is no. Because Yearsley
provides a defense to liability, not an immunity from suit,
an order denying its protection can be effectively reviewed
after a final judgment. So appellate review of such an or-
der, as of most pretrial rulings, must await completion of
the district court's proceedings.
I
Petitioner GEO Group operates a private detention facil-
ity in Aurora, Colorado, under a contract with U. S. Immi-
gration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). The facility holds
individuals whose immigration proceedings are pending.
2 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

Opinion of the Court

Respondent Alejandro Menocal was detained there in 2014.
Soon afterward, he initiated this class action on behalf of
the Aurora facility's detainees.
The suit challenges two policies GEO used to put the de-
tainees to work, thereby reducing its own labor costs. First,
the so-called Sanitation Policy required detainees to clean,
without any pay, all the facility's common areas. A de-
tainee's failure to perform his assigned tasks led to escalat-
ing sanctions, up to 72 hours in solitary confinement. Sec-
ond, the so-called Voluntary Work Program offered $1 per
day to detainees for other kinds of needed work, such as
preparing food and doing laundry. Menocal's complaint al-
leged that the former policy violated a federal bar on forced
labor and that the latter breached Colorado's prohibition on
unjust enrichment.
Following discovery, the District Court addressed GEO's
contention that Yearsley required the suit's dismissal. That
was so, the argument ran, because ICE had by contract "au-
thorized and directed" GEO to carry out the two challenged
policies. Defendant's Cross-Motion for Summary Judgt. in
No. 14 -- 2887 (D Colo., June 25, 2020), ECF Doc. 284, p. 17.
But the District Court did not read the government contract
that way. Nothing in its terms, the court found, instructed
GEO to adopt the work rules at issue. Rather, in "inde-
pendently develop[ing] and implement[ing]" those rules,
GEO "far exceeded its contractual obligations." 635
F. Supp. 3d 1151, 1173 (Colo. 2022). So the Yearsley doc-
trine, the District Court concluded, did not relieve GEO of
legal responsibility. Instead, a trial would be necessary to
address whether GEO's policies violated the referenced
bans on forced labor or unjust enrichment.
GEO immediately filed an appeal, but the Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit dismissed it for lack of jurisdic-
tion. See 2024 WL 4544184 (Oct. 22, 2024). Appellate ju-
risdiction, the court explained, seldom extends to an order
that does not terminate the litigation at issue. Such an
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

order qualifies for interlocutory review only if it satisfies
three conditions deriving from this Court's decision in Co-
hen v. Beneficial Industrial Loan Corp., 
(1949). And an order denying Yearsley protection, the
Tenth Circuit held, does not do so. The court saw no need
to address the first or third Cohen conditions because it con-
cluded that a Yearsley denial flunked the second: Such a
ruling is not (as Cohen demands) "completely separate from
the merits" of the suit. 2024 WL 4544184, *7. That is be-
cause, the court reasoned, an inquiry into what the Govern-
ment instructed the contractor to do is relevant to both
Yearsley's application and the "lawfulness of the contrac-
tor's challenged actions." Id., at *8.
We granted certiorari, (2025), to resolve
whether a pretrial order denying Yearsley protection to a
government contractor is immediately appealable. Like the
Tenth Circuit, we hold that it is not. But unlike the Tenth
Circuit, we focus on the third Cohen condition, which re-
quires an order to be effectively unreviewable on appeal
from a final judgment.
II
"Finality as a condition of review is an historic character-
istic of federal appellate procedure." Cobbledick v. United
States, (1940). Originating in the First
Judiciary Act of 1789, the finality requirement is now codi-
fied in 28 U. S. C.. The courts of appeals, that section
provides, have jurisdiction over appeals from "final deci-
sions of the district courts." And a decision generally is "fi-
nal" under only when it "resolves the entire case" -- 
when it "ends the litigation" (on the merits or otherwise)
and "leaves nothing for the court to do but execute the judg-
ment." Ritzen Group, Inc. v. Jackson Masonry, LLC, -- 38 (2020). That final-judgment rule, by pre-
venting piecemeal appeals, "promotes the efficient admin-
istration of justice" and "preserves the proper balance
4 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

Opinion of the Court

between trial and appellate courts." Microsoft Corp. v.
Baker, -- 37 (2017).
For a "small class" of decisions, however, the finality rule
gives ground and allows interlocutory appeals. Cohen, 337
U. S., at 546. Section 1291, we have often explained, re-
quires a "practical rather than a technical construction,"
and thus may treat as "final" certain decisions that do not
end a case. Mohawk Industries, Inc. v. Carpenter, (2009). We iden-
tify those decisions by category, not case-specific circum-
stances. See Mohawk, 558 U. S., at 107. And we erect a
high bar. A non-terminal order may be appealed, Cohen
held, only if it "finally determine[s] claims of right separa-
ble from, and collateral to, rights asserted in the action, too
important to be denied review and too independent of the
cause itself to require that appellate consideration be de-
ferred." 337 U. S., at 546. That so-called collateral-order
doctrine, we have since underscored, is "narrow," "strin-
gent," and of "modest scope." Digital Equipment Corp. v.
Desktop Direct, Inc., (1994); Will v. Hal-
lock, (2006).
To keep it that way, this Court has "distilled" the Cohen
ruling into three non-negotiable conditions. Will, 546 U. S.,
at 349. A pre-judgment order, to get immediate review,
must "(1) conclusively determine the disputed question, (2)
resolve an important issue completely separate from the
merits of the action, and (3) be effectively unreviewable on
appeal from a final judgment." Van Cauwenberghe v.
Biard, (1988). Failure on any component
of that three-part test is fatal.
When, as here, an order denies a pretrial request to dis-
miss, appealability under Cohen will generally turn on
whether the defendant has asserted a defense to liability or
instead an immunity from suit. See Mitchell v. Forsyth, -- 527 (1985). If a defense, Cohen is likely to
block an immediate appeal; if an immunity, Cohen will
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

likely allow it. To show why, we describe below the differ-
ence between a merits defense and an immunity; what that
difference entails for the right to avoid trial; and how that
right matters in applying the third Cohen condition. Once
that is done, it becomes clear why, as later described, the
parties here mainly contest whether Yearsley offers an im-
munity or just a merits defense. See infra, at 7 -- 8.1
To start, a party asserting a merits defense in a lawsuit
makes a fundamentally different kind of argument than a
party asserting an immunity. The former advances some
reason why his conduct was not unlawful -- or said other-
wise, why under the law he did nothing wrong. And so, that
defendant says, he should not be found liable: Because he
obeyed the law, he should not, for example, have to pay
damages. By contrast, a party asserting an immunity
"makes no challenge" to "the merits of the charge against
him." Abney v. United States, (1977).
That defendant need never say he followed the law, because
his claim of immunity does not turn on his conduct's legal-
ity. "[A]n immunity frees one who enjoys it from a lawsuit
whether or not he acted wrongly." Richardson v. McKnight,
(1997). A classic example is sovereign
immunity: It shields the Government from suit (absent a
waiver) regardless whether the Government violated the
law. See, e.g., FDIC v. Meyer, (1994).2
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Note that one category of cases exists outside this dichotomy: a non-

merits-based defense that also is not an immunity. On occasion, this
Court has decided that a defense, although barring suit irrespective of
the merits, still fails to qualify as an immunity because it does not serve
sufficiently "weighty public objective[s]." Will v. Hallock, (2006) (so holding with respect to the Federal Tort Claims Act's judg-
ment bar). That "public interest" wrinkle, however, never arises if the
defense is on the merits -- which, as we will explain, is the case here.
2 Qualified immunity is, in the respect relevant here, the same. That

doctrine shields a defendant even when the claim against him "in fact
has merit" -- or otherwise said, even when he violated the law -- so long
as the law at that time was not "clearly established." Camreta v. Greene,
6 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

Opinion of the Court

That difference between a merits defense and an immun-
ity entails another: The latter, but not the former, is in its
"essence" an "entitlement not to stand trial." Mitchell, 472
U. S., at 525. Because an immunity applies irrespective of
the merits, the protection it offers is not a simple finding of
non-liability. Rather, the immunity ensures that the de-
fendant need not "answer for his conduct" in court at all -- 
that he avoids, in addition to liability, all the usual "bur-
dens of litigation," including a trial. Id., at 525 -- 526. And
so we typically describe the protection in just that way: as
an immunity "from suit." Id., at 526 (emphasis in original);
see, e.g., Thacker v. TVA, (2019); Jam v.
International Finance Corp., (2019). A
"mere defense" to liability, as we have noted, offers some-
thing different, and of lesser value. Mitchell, 472 U. S., at
526. Because it establishes that the defendant acted law-
fully, a valid defense leads to a judgment of non-liability.
But it does not allow the defendant to escape the varied ri-
gors and costs of legal proceedings. Indeed, it is in and
through those proceedings that the asserted defense is ad-
dressed and liability finally determined.
And that divergence -- in whether the defendant pos-
sesses a right not to stand trial -- matters for the third Co-
hen condition. Again, that condition states that a non-ter-
minal order may be appealed when issued only if it is
"effectively unreviewable on appeal from a final judgment."
Van Cauwenberghe, 486 U. S., at 522; see supra, at 4. For
that to be true, we have explained, the order must involve
a right that "would be irretrievably lost absent an immedi-
ate appeal." Van Cauwenberghe, 486 U. S., at 524. The
right to avoid trial fits that description. It is irretrievably
lost once trial occurs, even supposing the defendant were to

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
(2011). "Like other forms of immunity," then, quali-
fied immunity offers protection "even when [the defendant] acts unlaw-
fully." Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 23.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

prevail on the merits. And so, in the ordinary case, the de-
nial of an immunity is immediately appealable. See ibid.;
Abney, 431 U. S., at 659 -- 660. But the right to a finding of
non-liability stands on a different footing: It can be effec-
tively vindicated after a trial has occurred, through the re-
versal of an adverse final judgment. And so the denial of a
merits defense is generally appealable only once trial-court
proceedings have ended. See Van Cauwenberghe, 486 U. S.,
at 524; Mitchell, 472 U. S., at 526.
In short, then, distinguishing between a merits defense
and an immunity from suit, in the way described above, of-
fers a ready way of determining whether the denial of a re-
quest to dismiss a case can satisfy Cohen's third condition
for interlocutory review.3
III
For just that reason, the parties here mainly dispute
whether our Yearsley decision offers federal contractors a
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 By the same token, that distinction is likely to determine whether the

other two Cohen conditions are met, though we need not here address
the reasons in any detail. See Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority
v. Metcalf & Eddy, Inc., (1993) ("Once it is established
that" a State is "immune from suit in federal court, it follows that the
elements of the Cohen collateral order doctrine are satisfied"). Recall
that Cohen's second condition, on which the Court of Appeals relied, de-
mands that the order "resolve an important issue completely separate
from the merits of the action." Van Cauwenberghe v. Biard, (1988); see supra, at 4. A decision on a defense, addressing the
legality of the defendant's conduct, goes directly to the suit's merits -- 
whereas a decision on an immunity, applying regardless of that conduct's
legality, does not. Similarly for the first condition, which is that the or-
der "conclusively determine the disputed question." Van Cauwenberghe,
486 U. S., at 522. When a defense turns on contested facts, as is often
true, a pretrial order denying it functions only to defer its resolution until
trial. By contrast, we have held, a pretrial denial of an immunity always
acts as a "fully consummated decision" because nothing can then happen
to avert "the trial the defendant maintains is barred." Mitchell v. For-
syth, (1985) ).
8 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

Opinion of the Court

merits defense or instead an immunity. Menocal (sup-
ported by the United States as amicus curiae) says a de-
fense, because Yearsley gives contractors only a way to show
that their conduct complied with the law. GEO says an im-
munity -- more specifically, "derivative sovereign immun-
ity." Brief for GEO 15. Under Yearsley, GEO contends, the
Government's own immunity extends to contractors who
meet specified conditions, thereby giving them the "right
not to stand trial." Brief for GEO 15. So which is it -- a de-
fense or an immunity?
Yearsley involved a suit by landowners against a federal
contractor for flooding their property. The Government had
hired the contractor to redirect the Missouri River in order
to improve its navigation. The construction company, as
specified in the contract, built dikes in a part of the river
near where the Yearsleys owned a farm. The result, as ex-
pected, was to wash away almost 100 acres of their land.
The Yearsleys did not dispute that the contractor's work
was "all authorized and directed by the Government." 309
U. S., at 20. Nonetheless, they sued the contractor for
money damages.
This Court held that there was "no liability on the part of
the contractor." Id., at 21. Drawing from multiple prece-
dents involving agency law, the Court explained that a con-
tractor acting as an agent of the Government could be held
liable for injurious conduct in only two circumstances: when
"he exceeded his authority" or when that authority "was not
validly conferred." Ibid. Here, neither circumstance ob-
tained. As to the second, the Court explained that the Gov-
ernment had "validly" authorized the company to flood the
Yearsleys' land, because the Government itself possessed
that legal right and had properly delegated it by contract.
Id., at 21 -- 22. And as to the first, the Court concluded that
all the company's work had stayed within the bounds of the
authority given: The Government had provided instruc-
tions, and the contractor had merely "execut[ed] its will."
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

Id., at 20 -- 21. Given both those facts -- the Government's
lawful authorization and the contractor's compliance with
it -- the Court could see "no ground for holding [the contrac-
tor] liable." Id., at 22.
That reasoning describes a defense, not an immunity.
Yearsley provides protection to a contractor when it has re-
ceived a lawful authorization and acted according to its
terms -- meaning, when the contractor has acted within le-
gal bounds. So in invoking Yearsley, the contractor is mak-
ing the argument of a merits defense -- that it is not liable
because it has complied with the law. See supra, at 5. Con-
versely, Yearsley's protection runs out when the contractor
may have violated the law -- when the contractor either
acted under an illegal authorization or exceeded the scope
of a legal one. By drawing the line there, Yearsley ensures
that it will never shield unlawful conduct, in the way that
all immunities do. See supra, at 5. In short, because Years-
ley protects a contractor only when -- and only because -- it
has acted lawfully, Yearsley operates as a defense to liabil-
ity on the merits. And that is consistent with all Yearsley's
language. The decision never refers to an "immunity," or
otherwise suggests that the defendant receives a pass from
legal proceedings; it asks only whether the contractor may
be found "liable." 309 U. S., at 21 -- 22.
Still more, GEO's contrary view would put Yearsley in
conflict with the general rule that sovereign immunity is
not transferrable to agents, including contractors, of a gov-
ernment. As Justice Holmes once explained, the Federal
Government's immunity from a suit (absent a statute
providing otherwise) "does not extend to those that act in
its name." Sloan Shipyards Corp. v. United States Ship-
ping Bd. Emergency Fleet Corporation, 
(1922). The Court repeated that precept in the Term just
before Yearsley: "[T]he government does not become the
conduit of its immunity in suits against its agents" just be-
cause "they do [the government's] work." Keifer & Keifer v.
10 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

Opinion of the Court

Reconstruction Finance Corporation, 
(1939). Rather, the "exceptional freedom from legal respon-
sibility" that sovereign immunity offers is "confined" to the
sovereign entity itself. Ibid. Or again, a few Terms after
Yearsley: A private contractor cannot obtain "[i]mmunity
from suit" by "reason of a contract" it made with the Gov-
ernment. Brady v. Roosevelt S. S. Co., 
(1943). GEO tries to bypass those holdings by arguing that
they preclude a contractor from asserting only "uncondi-
tional" sovereign immunity, not the (supposed) "derivative
sovereign immunity" Yearsley offers, which is conditioned
on compliance with the Government's lawful directives. Re-
ply Brief 6 -- 7. But the proposed distinction is strained. The
whole thrust of the decisions is to deny that government
agents can assert -- whether always or sometimes -- a "de-
rived" form of sovereign immunity. Rather, the Court in-
sisted, sovereign immunity belongs alone to the Govern-
ment.
And another, pre-Yearsley decision proves the point, by
relegating a state agent that had asserted sovereign im-
munity to a merits defense, whose contours anticipated
what Yearsley would offer. See Hopkins v. Clemson, (1911). Oddly enough, the suit challenged the
same kind of conduct involved in Yearsley: The government
agent had flooded a person's land. The State itself, the
Court noted, would have had "immunity from [a] suit"
based on such conduct. 221 U. S., at 642. But an agent
working on the State's behalf could not "avail itself " of that
special "exemption" from "judicial process." Id., at 642, 645.
"[I]mmunity from suit," the Court explained, "is a high at-
tribute of sovereignty -- a prerogative of the State itself " -- 
which cannot be invoked by the State's agents. Id., at 642 -- 
643. Yet all was not lost: The agent got something. Alt-
hough the agent was "not exempt from suit," it could "suc-
cessfully defend" against the charges by showing the "law-
ful authority under which [it] acted." Id., at 643. Those
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

terms evoke the ones Yearsley used later. See 309 U. S., at
22 (precluding liability for a contractor "acting under" "val-
idly conferred" authority); supra, at 8. And they function
not, as GEO posits, to condition the transfer of sovereign
immunity, but to describe something different -- as the
Court made explicit, a merits "defen[se]." Hopkins, 221
U. S., at 643.4
Once Yearsley is understood in that way -- as a merits de-
fense -- the question before us almost answers itself: No, a
district court's denial of Yearsley protection is not immedi-
ately appealable under. Like the denial of other de-
fenses, such a ruling is not, as Cohen's third condition de-
mands, "effectively unreviewable on appeal from a final
judgment." Van Cauwenberghe, 486 U. S., at 522. The
right that a merits defense affords is to a finding of non-
liability. And that right -- unlike the right not to stand
trial -- is fully vindicable on appeal from a final judgment.
See Swint v. Chambers County Comm'n, 
(1995); supra, at 6. All an appellate court need do at that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 GEO counters that two of our decisions refer to Yearsley as offering

"immunity," see Brief for GEO 17, 23, but that argument makes far too
much of one piece of loose language. The first cited case, Brady v. Roo-
sevelt S. S. Co., (1943), mainly cuts against GEO. As noted
above, the Court there rejected the view that a government contractor
obtains "[i]mmunity from suit" by virtue of its contractual relation. Id.,
at 583; see supra, at 10. The Court then turned to Yearsley, finding it
not to apply because the suit alleged negligent conduct, outside what the
Government had authorized. In that half-paragraph, the decision once
refers to Yearsley as providing a "certain immunity." 317 U. S., at 583.
But it apparently used that term in a colloquial sense, as something of a
synonym for "protection." The Court's fuller description of Yearsley ex-
plains that it relieves the contractor of "liability," without suggesting
that it also offers a pass from litigation. 317 U. S., at 583. And the sec-
ond cited case, Campbell-Ewald Co. v. Gomez, (2016), gives
GEO even less to work with. That decision merely quotes the imprecise
phrase in Brady on the way to rejecting another contractor's claim (even
more expansive than GEO's) to share in the Government's sovereign im-
munity. 577 U. S., at 166.
12 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

Opinion of the Court

point is reverse the erroneous liability finding. So the final-
ity rule of precludes interlocutory review of a Years-
ley denial.5
For those reasons, we hold that the Court of Appeals
lacked jurisdiction over GEO's appeal. If eventually found
liable, GEO may of course appeal the District Court's rejec-
tion of its asserted Yearsley defense. But GEO must wait
until then. A Yearsley denial is not appealable before the
trial court's proceedings have ended.
We therefore affirm the judgment of the Court of Appeals
and remand the case for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 This holding still allows review of a given Yearsley denial by means

of 's separate appeal-certification process. Under that provision,
a district court may find that the special difficulty and importance of an
otherwise unappealable order counsels in favor of immediate review, and
an appellate court may accept that determination. Here, though, the
District Court saw no reason to act under.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 758
_________________

THE GEO GROUP, INC., PETITIONER v. ALEJANDRO
MENOCAL, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT
[February 25, 2026]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
I concur in Parts I and III of the Court's opinion and in
its judgment. I agree with the Court that Yearsley v. W. A.
Ross Constr. Co., (1940), and similar decisions
establish a defense from liability and not an immunity from
suit. See ante, at 8 -- 9. Orders rejecting Yearsley defenses
are therefore unlike the orders denying immunities that
this Court has already held to be immediately appealable.
Because no other statute or rule authorized an interlocu-
tory appeal here, the Court correctly affirms the Tenth Cir-
cuit's dismissal. I do not join Part II because "[w]e need not,
and in my view should not, further justify our holding by
applying" the collateral-order doctrine established by Co-
hen v. Beneficial Industrial Loan Corp., 
(1949). Mohawk Industries, Inc. v. Carpenter, (2009) (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and concur-
ring in judgment). I remain of the view that we should not
expand the Cohen collateral order doctrine beyond orders
that our precedents have already held to be immediately
appealable.
The Cohen collateral-order doctrine, which allows federal
courts to exercise appellate jurisdiction over certain inter-
locutory orders, conflicts with Congress's authority over
federal appellate jurisdiction. U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 9;
2 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Art. III,. By statute, parties generally cannot appeal be-
fore final judgment. See 28 U. S. C. ; ante, at 3 -- 4.
Congress has established certain exceptions to that final-
judgment rule that allow parties to appeal some interlocu-
tory orders immediately. E.g., (1). It has also au-
thorized this Court to create further exceptions through
rulemaking.. Cohen's collateral-order doctrine al-
lows judges to create additional exceptions by judicial opin-
ion, which bypasses " 'Congress's designation of the rule-
making process as the way to define or refine when a
district court ruling is "final" and when an interlocutory or-
der is appealable.' " Mohawk Industries, 558 U. S., at 114 -- 
115 (opinion of THOMAS, J.) ). For that reason,
if an interlocutory order "is not on all fours with orders we
previously have held to be appealable under the collateral
order doctrine," it should not be immediately appealable.
Mohawk Industries, 558 U. S., at 115 (opinion of THOMAS,
J.).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 758
_________________

THE GEO GROUP, INC., PETITIONER v. ALEJANDRO
MENOCAL, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT
[February 25, 2026]

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring in the judgment.
I agree with the Court that the defense conferred by
Yearsley v. W. A. Ross Constr. Co., (1940), is
not an "immunity from suit." I therefore agree that an or-
der denying a Yearsley defense is not a "collateral order"
subject to immediate appeal. But I would not rest these
conclusions solely on the fact that Yearsley's applicability
"turn[s] on [the defendant's] conduct's legality." Ante, at 5.
Under the collateral-order doctrine, defendants may some-
times appeal the denial of a defense immediately when do-
ing so is necessary to vindicate important constitutional or
public-policy interests. And this rule holds true even if the
defense at issue turns on the legality of the defendant's con-
duct. Thus, I cannot join the opinion of the Court, but I
concur in the judgment because deferring appellate review
of Yearsley rulings until final judgment does not imperil im-
portant constitutional or public-policy interests.
I
Since 1789, Congress has generally limited the universe
of appealable orders to "final decrees and judgments." Act
of Sept. 24, 1789, 1 Stat. 84. Today, this "final-judgment
rule" limits the jurisdiction of federal courts of appeals. See
28 U. S. C.. The Court has long given this limit a
"practical rather than a technical construction." Cohen v.
2 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

Beneficial Industrial Loan Corp., (1949).
Consistent with that approach, our decision in Cohen held
that certain interlocutory orders -- now known as collateral
orders -- are sufficiently "final" that a party may appeal
them before litigation reaches final judgment. Id., at 546 -- 
547.
Our collateral-order doctrine establishes three criteria
that an order must satisfy to qualify for immediate appeal.
The order must (1) "conclusively determine [a] disputed
question," (2) resolve an issue "separate from the merits of
the action," and (3) be "effectively unreviewable on appeal
from a final judgment." Coopers & Lybrand v. Livesay, (1978). Whether a given order satisfies these
criteria does not turn on the "facts of a particular case."
Carroll v. United States, (1957). Rather,
the criteria must be satisfied for the "entire category" of or-
ders. Digital Equipment Corp. v. Desktop Direct, Inc., (1994).
A
Initially, this Court applied the "effectively unreviewa-
ble" requirement to capture orders that would become moot
by the time of final judgment. See Cohen, 337 U. S., at 546.
For those orders, a strict application of the final-judgment
rule "would practically defeat the right to any review at all."
Cobbledick v. United States, -- 325 (1940).
We first applied this reasoning in Cohen, which involved a
district-court order that excused the plaintiffs from a litiga-
tion-bond requirement. 337 U. S., at 544 -- 547. Applicable
state law required the plaintiffs to post such a bond to se-
cure their obligation to pay the defendant's litigation ex-
penses and attorney's fees if their claims failed. Cohen held
that the order excusing the plaintiffs from posting that
bond was immediately appealable because it would "not be
merged in final judgment." Id., at 546. Regardless of who
prevailed at final judgment, the question whether the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

plaintiffs had to post a bond would be moot. If the defend-
ant prevailed, an appeal would not relieve it from the plain-
tiffs' failure to post a bond. And if the plaintiffs prevailed,
the defendant would not be entitled to recover its legal
costs. Thus, if orders denying requests for litigation bonds
were not subject to immediate appeal, those orders would
never receive appellate review.
This conception of the collateral-order doctrine's "effec-
tively unreviewable" requirement informed our decision in
Swift & Co. Packers v. Compania Colombiana Del Caribe,
S. A., (1950). There, we held that the Fifth
Circuit had appellate jurisdiction over a lower court's order
vacating the attachment of a foreign vessel. Id., at 685 -- 
689. That vessel, which the libelants attached while it
passed through U. S.-controlled waters, served as security
for their claims against the foreign defendant. In this re-
spect, the vessel resembled the bond in Cohen. As was the
case with the bond order, an immediate appeal was the only
means for appellate review of the order vacating the attach-
ment of the vessel. If the libelants in Swift did not prevail
at final judgment, the court's vacatur of the attachment or-
der would become moot. And if the libelants did prevail,
any appellate review of the attachment issue would be an
"empty rite," as the vessel would have likely departed U. S.
jurisdiction. 339 U. S., at 689.
The same reasoning explains our jurisdictional holding in
Stack v. Boyle, (1951), which extended Cohen to
an order denying a criminal defendant's motion to modify
his pretrial bail-bond amount. 342 U. S., at 3. Once a court
renders final judgment in a criminal case, the conditions
governing the defendant's pretrial release become moot. By
that juncture, the defendant has either been released from
custody or begun a sentence of incarceration. Thus, if there
were to be any appellate review of bail, it would need to oc-
cur before final judgment.
4 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

In sum, our early collateral-order cases applied the "ef-
fectively unreviewable" requirement narrowly. It captured
those orders that would be unreviewable on appeal from a
final judgment on account of mootness.
B
Over the ensuing decades, the Court expanded its appli-
cation of the "effectively unreviewable" requirement to in-
clude orders that undoubtedly would not become moot by
final judgment. For example, in Abney v. United States, (1977), and Helstoski v. Meanor, 
(1979), the Court held that denials of defenses under the
Double Jeopardy Clause and Speech or Debate Clause sat-
isfied Cohen even though these protections could be "vindi-
cated on an appeal following final judgment." Abney, 431
U. S., at 660. Like most criminal-law defenses, double-jeop-
ardy and speech-or-debate issues merge into the final judg-
ment, and a reviewing court can grant meaningful relief on
these grounds by reversing a defendant's conviction. Abney
and Helstoski nevertheless held that denials of relief under
these two Clauses were collateral orders.
Our holdings in these cases relied on the premise that
those two protections were not merely shields from criminal
liability. They were instead "guarantee[s] against being...
put to trial" at all. Abney, 431 U. S., at 661; accord, Hel-
stoski, 442 U. S., at 508 ("[T]he Speech or Debate Clause
was designed to protect Congressmen... from the burden
of defending themselves" (internal quotation marks omit-
ted)). Thus, although a court could review these defenses
on appeal from a final judgment, a court could not fully vin-
dicate their protections at that time. By the time of final
judgment, the defendant would have already been exposed
to trial, thereby suffering the very harm that these defenses
exist to prevent. This line of reasoning sufficed to render
the orders in Abney and Helstoski "effectively
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

unreviewable" on appeal from a final judgment. See Abney,
431 U. S., at 662.
This doctrinal development had important implications
for our collateral-order jurisprudence. Under Abney and
Helstoski's logic, once a court designates a defense as an
"immunity from suit," that defense satisfies the third col-
lateral-order criterion. Digital Equipment, 511 U. S., at
870. We have likewise recognized that an order denying an
immunity from suit will also satisfy the other two collat-
eral-order requirements. See ante, at 7,. The denial of
an immunity satisfies the first criterion because it "conclu-
sively determine[s]" that a defendant may go to trial. Coop-
ers & Lybrand, 437 U. S., at 468. See Helstoski, 442 U. S.,
at 507 ("Once a motion to dismiss is denied, there is nothing
the Member can do under the [Speech or Debate] Clause...
to prevent the trial"). And a "claim of immunity is concep-
tually distinct from the merits," so an order denying an im-
munity claim satisfies the second requirement. Mitchell v.
Forsyth, (1985). For these reasons, fed-
eral courts have consistently held that denials of an immun-
ity are collateral orders subject to immediate appeal. See,
e.g., Nixon v. Fitzgerald, (1982) (Presi-
dential civil immunity); Mitchell, 472 U. S., at 530 (quali-
fied immunity); Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority
v. Metcalf & Eddy, Inc., (1993) (state and
territorial sovereign immunity); Kilburn v. Socialist Peo-
ple's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, 376 F. 3d 1123, 1126 (CADC
2004) (foreign sovereign immunity).
Given that the designation of a defense as an immunity
is dispositive under the collateral-order doctrine, our Court
has stringently guarded the designation. See Midland As-
phalt Corp. v. United States, (1989). Af-
ter all, "virtually every right that could be enforced appro-
priately by pretrial dismissal" could be loosely described as
an immunity from suit. Digital Equipment, 511 U. S., at
873. But treating every such right as an immunity would
6 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

permit the "narrow" collateral-order doctrine to "swallow"
the final judgment rule in "virtually every case." Id., at 868,
873. Our Court has
therefore recognized the need to distinguish "between a
right not to be tried and a right whose remedy requires the
dismissal of charges." United States v. Hollywood Motor
Car Co., (1982) (per curiam). And we
have explained that determining whether a defense consti-
tutes an immunity requires an evaluation of "the value of
the interests" that an immediate appeal would advance.
Digital Equipment, 511 U. S., at 878 -- 879. Specifically, we
explained in Will v. Hallock, (2006), that a
defense "should be treated as an immunity demanding the
protection of a collateral order appeal" only if wrongly al-
lowing a suit to proceed would "imperil a substantial public
interest." Id., at 353; see also Lauro Lines s.r.l. v. Chasser,
(1989) (Scalia, J., concurring) ("The rea-
son" that a right fails the third requirement of the collat-
eral-order doctrine "is, quite simply, that the law does not
deem the right important enough").
Our collateral-order decisions reflect this approach. We
have applied the immunity label to defenses when allowing
an immediate appeal was necessary to preserve "some par-
ticular value of a high order," such as "honoring the separa-
tion of powers, preserving the efficiency of government and
the initiative of its officials, respecting a State's dignitary
interests, and mitigating the government's advantage" over
individual defendants in high-stakes matters. Will, 546
U. S., at 352 -- 353; see, e.g., Nixon, 457 U. S., at 742 -- 743,
749, 758 ;
Mitchell, 472 U. S., at 526 (explaining that the avoidance of
distraction, overdeterrence, and timidity in Government
service justified immediate appeals of orders denying qual-
ified immunity); Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Author-
ity, 506 U. S., at 146 (allowing an appeal of an order
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

denying sovereign immunity to " 'prevent the indignity of
subjecting a State to the coercive process of judicial tribu-
nals' "). In contrast, we have declined to designate defenses
as immunities when postponing appellate review to final
judgment would not imperil important interests. See, e.g.,
Will, 546 U. S., at 353 (holding that the interest in shorten-
ing troublesome litigation is insufficient to treat a defense
as an immunity); Mohawk Industries, Inc. v. Carpenter, -- 113 (2009) (acknowledging that the attor-
ney-client privilege serves important public interests but
declining to designate it as an immunity because deferring
appeals would not meaningfully harm those interests).
As these decisions illustrate, we have been cautious in re-
cent years about expanding the collateral-order doctrine,
but we have not closed the book on Cohen. Just two Terms
ago, we designated another defense as an immunity and
evaluated it in an interlocutory posture. See Trump v.
United States, (2024) ; 603 U. S., at 654 -- 655 (BARRETT, J.,
concurring in part). The test for determining whether a de-
fense constitutes an immunity therefore remains keyed to
the interests that an immediate appeal would vindicate. If
postponing review of a wrongly denied defense would un-
dermine important constitutional or policy interests, that
defense constitutes an immunity.
II
Under this framework, the Yearsley doctrine is not an im-
munity from suit. Permitting immediate appeals of orders
denying Yearsley defenses is not necessary to vindicate any
sufficiently important constitutional or public-policy inter-
ests.
A
As the majority correctly explains, Yearsley shields de-
fendants from damages actions for conduct that federal law
8 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

authorized. See Campbell-Ewald Co. v. Gomez, -- 167 (2016). Although this protection is important
for a range of Government operations, it does not meet the
threshold to be designated an immunity.
First, postponing appellate review of Yearsley's applica-
bility until final judgment would not create significant sep-
aration-of-powers problems. To be sure, the possibility that
courts might impose liability for conduct that Congress au-
thorized presents some conflict between those two branches
of Government. Likewise, incorrect contractor-liability ad-
judications can interfere with Executive Branch operations.
But these risks of error arise anytime a court misapplies a
federal statute or entertains an action involving a Govern-
ment contractor. Moreover, these risks pale in comparison
to the separation-of-powers concerns that motivated the ap-
plication of the collateral-order doctrine in other immunity
contexts. See, e.g., Helstoski, 442 U. S., at 502 (concerning
a Congressman who was exposed to criminal liability based
on his decision to introduce a bill in the House of Represent-
atives).
Yearsley does not implicate sovereign-dignity interests,
either. Although GEO Group describes Yearsley as confer-
ring "derivative sovereign immunity" on contractors, Brief
for Petitioner 10, this label is a poor fit. Sovereign immun-
ity protects governments from the indignity of being sub-
jected to a court's jurisdiction. Puerto Rico Aqueduct and
Sewer Authority, 506 U. S., at 146. We have never de-
scribed the Yearsley doctrine in those terms, nor have we
suggested that it limits courts' jurisdiction over contractors.
Cf. Yearsley, 309 U. S., at 19 (noting without disagreement
that the lower court exercised jurisdiction over the case);
Campbell-Ewald Co., 577 U. S., at 165 -- 166 (concluding
that the lower court had jurisdiction over a case before de-
termining whether Yearsley applied). Rather, Yearsley
merely shields contractors from exposure for conduct that
federal law authorized. I therefore agree with the majority
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

that the Yearsley doctrine "derives" from the Government's
lawmaking authority, not its sovereign immunity. See
ante, at 9 -- 10; cf. Campbell-Ewald Co., 577 U. S., at 166 -- 
167; Sloan Shipyards Corp. v. United States Shipping Bd.
Emergency Fleet Corporation, -- 567
(1922).
Last, unlike with qualified immunity, allowing immedi-
ate appeals of Yearsley denials is not necessary to prevent
overdeterrence, timidity, and distraction in Government
service. That is not to say that these concerns are entirely
absent when plaintiffs bring damages actions against Gov-
ernment contractors. As this Court recognized in Filarsky
v. Delia, (2012), the public has an interest in
preventing overdeterrence, timidity, and distraction in
Government functions no matter the "nature of [the defend-
ant's] particular relationship with the government." Id., at
389 -- 392. But our doctrine already accommodates these
concerns by allowing contractors to invoke qualified im-
munity. Ibid.; Campbell-Ewald Co., 577 U. S., at 167. In-
deed, qualified immunity provides a greater protection to
contractors than Yearsley does. Whereas Yearsley shields
only those contractors who act within the bounds of their
legal authorization, qualified immunity protects "all but the
plainly incompetent or those who knowingly violate the
law." Malley v. Briggs, (1986). And as
the defense's name indicates, contractors may immediately
appeal denials of qualified immunity. Mitchell, 472 U. S.,
at 530. Because qualified immunity already vindicates the
public interest in avoiding overdeterrence, timidity, and
distraction among contractors, there is no overriding inter-
est in also allowing immediate appeals of orders denying
Yearsley's more modest protections.* Cf. Mohawk
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Although Government contractors may generally assert qualified im-
munity, this Court has held that "private prison guards" may not in Rev.
10 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

Industries, Inc., 558 U. S., at 109 -- 112 (declining to treat the
attorney-client privilege as an immunity because other "es-
tablished mechanisms for appellate review" were availa-
ble).
In sum, allowing immediate appeals of orders denying
Yearsley defenses is not necessary to vindicate any im-
portant constitutional or public-policy interests. Accord-
ingly, the Yearsley doctrine is not an immunity from suit.
And because Yearsley issues can be reviewed on an appeal
from a final judgment, these orders do not otherwise satisfy
the third collateral-order requirement.
B
Rather than conducting the public-interest inquiry that
our immunity case law employs, the majority trains most of
its analysis on a single question: Whether the Yearsley doc-
trine "turn[s] on [the defendant's] conduct's legality." Ante,
at 5. Because the Yearsley doctrine does, the majority con-
cludes that it fails to satisfy the third collateral-order re-
quirement. That analysis is oversimplified.
Of course, whether a defense turns on the legality of a
defendant's conduct can be relevant to the collateral-order
analysis. For example, the degree of overlap between a
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Stat., 42 U. S. C. cases. See Richardson v. McKnight, (1997). Separately, this Court has not decided whether
corporate-contractor defendants like GEO Group may invoke qualified
immunity. But see United Pet Supply, Inc. v. Chattanooga, 768 F. 3d
464, 484, (CA6 2014) (noting that the Sixth Circuit has entertained
corporate defendants' assertions of qualified immunity). Perhaps the
public interest would be well-served by allowing appeals of orders deny-
ing Yearsley defenses to those defendants who cannot invoke qualified
immunity. Even so, our doctrine requires us to decide whether Yearsley
denials are collateral orders as a category, not "as applied" to particular
defendants. If, however, most defendants who invoke Yearsley could not
invoke qualified immunity, the collateral-order analysis might be differ-
ent. For example, if corporate contractors could never invoke qualified
immunity, then there would be a stronger argument that denials of
Yearsley defenses should be immediately appealable.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

defense and a defendant's conduct can bear on whether an
order is " 'separate from the merits of the action.' " Ante, at
7, ; but see Mitchell, 472 U. S., at 527. It is also true
that certain "immunities from suit" are jurisdictional bars
that shield a defendant from judicial process regardless of
whether it acted lawfully. See, e.g., 28 U. S. C. (cod-
ifying foreign sovereign immunity as a jurisdictional bar);
Seminole Tribe of Fla. v. Florida, -- 73 (1996)
(treating state sovereign immunity as a jurisdictional
limit).
Nonetheless, the majority's rule cannot fully explain our
collateral-order case law. For instance, qualified immunity
is an immunity from suit, yet its applicability can and often
does turn on whether a defendant violated the law. See
District of Columbia v. Wesby, -- 63 (2018).
Indeed, before this Court decided Pearson v. Callahan, (2009), a court evaluating a qualified-immunity
defense had to resolve the legality of the defendant's alleged
conduct. Id., at 232; see, e.g., Scott v. Harris, (2007). We nevertheless treated (and continue to treat)
denials of qualified immunity as collateral orders.
On the other side of the ledger, we have held that several
defenses are not immunities even though they do not turn
on the legality of the defendant's conduct. For instance, this
Court has held that neither the Federal Tort Claims Act's
judgment bar nor a criminal defendant's right against vin-
dictive prosecution qualifies as an immunity from suit, even
though neither defense concerns a defendant's challenged
conduct. See Will, 546 U. S., at 353 -- 355; Hollywood Motor
Car Co., 458 U. S., at 267 -- 270; see also Digital Equipment
Corp., 511 U. S., at 884 (holding that a lower court's refusal
to enforce a settlement agreement against a plaintiff 's
claims was not a collateral order).
In short, although the majority's focus -- whether a de-
fense turns on the legality of the defendant's conduct -- can
12 GEO GROUP, INC. v. MENOCAL

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

be relevant in the collateral-order analysis, it is not dispos-
itive of whether a defense constitutes an immunity.
* * *
Because postponing appellate review of Yearsley issues
until final judgment would not imperil important constitu-
tional or public-policy interests, I concur in the judgment of
the Court.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 22 -- 44

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
January 15, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
22 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC., et al. v.
WULLSCHLEGER et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the eighth circuit
No. 23 -- 677. Argued October 7, 2024 -- Decided January 15, 2025
Respondent Anastasia Wullschleger sued petitioner Royal Canin U. S. A.,
Inc., in state court, alleging that Royal Canin had engaged in deceptive
marketing practices. Her original complaint asserted claims based on
both federal and state law. Royal Canin removed the case to federal
court under 28 U. S. C.. That removal was premised on Wull-
schleger's federal claim, which gave rise to federal-question jurisdiction
and also allowed the federal court to exercise supplemental jurisdiction
over Wullschleger's factually intertwined state claims., 1367.
But federal court is not where Wullschleger wanted the case to be re-
solved. So she amended her complaint, deleting every mention of fed-
eral law, and petitioned the District Court for a remand to state court.
The District Court denied Wullschleger's request, but the Eighth Cir-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cuit reversed. In the Eighth Circuit's view, Wullschleger's amendment
had eliminated any basis for federal-question jurisdiction. And without
a federal question, the court concluded, there was no possibility of sup-
plemental jurisdiction over Wullschleger's state-law claims.
Held: When a plaintiff amends her complaint to delete the federal-law
claims that enabled removal to federal court, leaving only state-law
claims behind, the federal court loses supplemental jurisdiction over the
state claims, and the case must be remanded to state court. Pp. 30 -- 44.
(a) Under the text of, the supplemental-jurisdiction statute, a
post-removal amendment to a complaint that eliminates any basis for
federal-question jurisdiction also divests a federal court of supplemental
jurisdiction over remaining state-law claims. Subsection (a) states that
"in any civil action of which the district courts have original jurisdiction,
the district courts shall have supplemental jurisdiction over all other
claims that are so related to claims in the action within such original
jurisdiction that they form part of the same case or controversy." The
statute thus confers supplemental jurisdiction over state-law claims
sharing a suffcient factual relationship with the federal claims in a case.
And in Rockwell Int'l Corp. v. United States, -- 474,
this Court held that "when a plaintiff fles a complaint in federal court
and then voluntarily amends the complaint, courts look to the amended
 Cite as: (2025) 23

Syllabus

complaint to determine jurisdiction." So under, when the
plaintiff in an original case amends her complaint to withdraw the fed-
eral claims, leaving only state claims behind, she divests the federal
court of supplemental jurisdiction. And the result must be the same
in a removed case, because nothing in 's text distinguishes
between cases removed to federal court and cases originally fled
there.
The exclusion from of such post-amendment state-law claims
is refected in the text of. Subsection (c) provides that a dis-
trict court "may decline to exercise supplemental jurisdiction" over
state-law claims covered by 's jurisdictional grant in three spe-
cifc situations where the state-law claims overshadow the federal claims
in a case. If 's grant of jurisdiction included the leftover state
claims in an amended complaint, they too would have appeared on
's list: Even more than the claims addressed there, they are ill-
suited to federal adjudication. That makes no mention of such
claims demonstrates that does not extend to them.
That result accords with Congress's usual view of how amended plead-
ings can affect jurisdiction. On that view, apparent in varied federal
statutes, an amendment can wipe the jurisdictional slate clean, giving

Page Proof Pending Publication
rise to a new analysis with a different conclusion. E. g., ("[d]efec-
tive allegations of jurisdiction may be amended" so a case can come
within a federal court's jurisdiction); (3) (even "if the case
stated by the initial pleading is not removable," the defendant can re-
move the case after receiving "an amended pleading" establishing a
basis for federal jurisdiction); (7) (similar). And just the same
here: Section 1367 contemplates that when an amended complaint is
fled, the jurisdictional basis for the suit is reviewed anew. Pp. 31 -- 34.
(b) That reading of also parallels a slew of other procedural
rules linking jurisdiction to the amended, rather than initial, complaint.
In deciding which substantive claims to bring against which defendants,
a plaintiff can establish -- or not -- the basis for a federal court's subject-
matter jurisdiction. And her control over those matters extends be-
yond the time her frst complaint is fled. If a plaintiff amends her
complaint, the new pleading supersedes the old one and can bring the
suit either newly within or newly outside a federal court's jurisdiction.
Thus, as Rockwell explained, if "a plaintiff fles a complaint in federal
court and later voluntarily amends the complaint" to "withdraw" the
allegations supporting federal jurisdiction, that amendment "will defeat
jurisdiction" unless the withdrawn allegations were "replaced by oth-
ers" giving the court adjudicatory power. 549 U. S., at 473 -- 474.
24 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Syllabus

Rockwell's rule has a host of variations in both original and removed
federal cases. Adding federal claims can create original jurisdiction
where it once was wanting. See, e. g., ConnectU LLC v. Zuckerberg,
522 F. 3d 82, 91. And an amendment can either destroy or create juris-
diction in an original diversity case. See Owen Equipment & Erection
Co. v. Kroger, -- 377; Newman-Green, Inc. v. Alfonzo-
Larrain, -- 833. Similarly, if removing a case was im-
proper because the initial complaint did not contain a federal claim, the
plaintiff 's later assertion of such a claim establishes jurisdiction going
forward. See Pegram v. Herdrich, -- 216, and.
And by the same token, amending a complaint in a removed case to join
a non-diverse party destroys diversity jurisdiction, and the federal court
must remand the case to state court. See. In removed and
original cases alike, the rule that jurisdiction follows the operative
pleading ensures that the case, as it will actually be litigated, merits a
federal forum. Pp. 34 -- 39.
(c) Royal Canin contends that this Court has twice before reached
the opposite conclusion -- frst, in Carnegie-Mellon Univ. v. Cohill, and next in Rockwell, in a footnote. But in each case, the
relied-on passage is extraneous to the Court's holding and reasoning,
and so cannot bear the weight of Royal Canin's argument. The footnote
Page Proof Pending Publication
in Rockwell does state the rule Royal Canin propounds: "[W]hen a de-
fendant removes a case to federal court based on the presence of a fed-
eral claim," it says, "an amendment eliminating the original basis for
federal jurisdiction generally does not defeat jurisdiction." 549 U. S.,
at 474,. But Rockwell was an original federal case, not a removed
one, so its drive-by assertion of a jurisdictional rule for removed cases
was entirely outside the issue being decided. That dictum cannot over-
come the Court's analysis here or Rockwell's own core insight that fed-
eral courts "look to the amended complaint to determine jurisdiction."
Id., at 474. Pp. 39 -- 44.
75 F. 4th 918, affrmed.

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.

Katherine B. Wellington argued the cause for petitioners.
With her on the briefs were Neal Kumar Katyal, Nathaniel
A. G. Zelinsky, Christopher M. Curran, Stephen D. Raber,
and Charles L. McCloud.
Ashley Keller argued the cause for respondents. With
her on the brief were Noah Heinz, Edward J. Coyne III,
 Cite as: (2025) 25

Opinion of the Court

Christopher S. Edwards, Michael L. McGlamry, Kimberly
J. Johnson, and James P. Frickleton.*
Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
If a complaint fled in state court asserts federal-law
claims, the defendant may remove the case to federal court.
See 28 U. S. C.. And if the complaint also asserts
state-law claims arising out of the same facts, the federal
court may adjudicate those claims too, in the exercise of what
is called supplemental jurisdiction. See.
This case presents a further question: What happens if,
after removal, the plaintiff amends her complaint to delete
all the federal-law claims, leaving nothing but state-law
claims behind? May the federal court still adjudicate the
now purely state-law suit? We hold that it may not. When
an amendment excises the federal-law claims that enabled
removal, the federal court loses its supplemental jurisdiction

Page Proof
*Briefs of amici Pending
curiae urging reversal were Publication
fled for the Chamber of
Commerce of the United States of America by William M. Jay, Benjamin
Hayes, and Jonathan D. Urick; for the DRI -- Center for Law and Public
Policy by Mary Massaron; and for State Chambers of Commerce by Eric
Mahr, Claire L. Leonard, and Scott A. Eisman. Scott Dodson fled a
brief for the Center for Litigation and Courts as amicus curiae urging
vacatur.
A brief of amici curiae urging affrmance was fled for the State of
Tennessee et al. by Jonathan Skrmetti, Attorney General of Tennessee, J.
Matthew Rice, Solicitor General, and Matthew D. Cloutier, Assistant So-
licitor General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective States
as follows: Treg Taylor of Alaska, William Tong of Connecticut, Kathy
Jennings of Delaware, Ashley Moody of Florida, Kris W. Kobach of Kan-
sas, Liz Murrill of Louisiana, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison of
Minnesota, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Andrew Bailey of Missouri, Austin
Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Matthew J. Platkin
of New Jersey, Raúl Torrez of New Mexico, Drew H. Wrigley of North
Dakota, Dave Yost of Ohio, Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Marty J.
Jackley of South Dakota, Ken Paxton of Texas, Sean D. Reyes of Utah,
and Jason Miyares of Virginia.
Thomas Fuller Ogden, pro se, fled a brief as amicus curiae.
26 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Opinion of the Court

over the related state-law claims. The case must therefore
return to state court.
I
A
"Federal courts," we have often explained, "are courts of
limited jurisdiction." E. g., Kokkonen v. Guardian Life Ins.
Co. of America, (1994). Limited frst by
the Constitution, to only the kinds of "Cases" and "Contro-
versies" listed in Article III. And for all lower federal
courts, limited as well by statute. Congress determines,
through its grants of jurisdiction, which suits those courts
can resolve. So, for example, Congress has always given
federal courts power to decide "diversity" cases, between
"citizens of different States" whose dispute involves more
than a stated sum (the so-called amount-in-controversy).. And of special importance here, Congress has
long conferred jurisdiction on federal courts to resolve cases
Page Proof Pending Publication
"arising under" federal law..
"Arising under" jurisdiction -- more often known as
federal-question jurisdiction -- enables federal courts to de-
cide cases founded on federal law. A suit most typically falls
within that statutory grant "when federal law creates the
cause of action asserted." Gunn v. Minton, (2013). On rare occasions, the grant also covers a suit
containing state-law claims alone, because one or more of
them "necessarily raise[s]" a "substantial" and "actually dis-
puted" federal question. Id., at 258. Either way, the deter-
mination of jurisdiction is based only on the allegations in
the plaintiff 's "well-pleaded complaint" -- not on any issue the
defendant may raise. Franchise Tax Bd. of Cal. v. Con-
struction Laborers Vacation Trust for Southern Cal., -- 10 (1983). That longstanding rule makes the com-
plaint -- the plaintiff 's own claims and allegations -- the key
to "arising under" jurisdiction. If the complaint presents no
federal question, a federal court may not hear the suit.
 Cite as: (2025) 27

Opinion of the Court

But if a complaint includes the requisite federal question,
a federal court often has power to decide state-law questions
too. Suppose a complaint with two claims -- one based on
federal, the other on state, law. This Court held in Mine
Workers v. Gibbs, (1966), that a federal
court may exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the state
claim so long as it "derive[s] from" the same "nucleus of oper-
ative fact" as the federal one. The Gibbs Court reasoned
that when the two claims are so closely related, they make
up "but one constitutional `case' "; and the Court presumed
that Congress wanted in that situation to confer jurisdiction
up to the Constitution's limit. Ibid. ; see Exxon Mobil Corp. v. Allapattah
Services, Inc., (2005). Congress later con-
frmed that view, generally codifying Gibbs's supplemental-
jurisdiction rule in 28 U. S. C. (whose text we will soon
consider, see infra, at 31 -- 32). Under that statute, as under
Page Proof Pending Publication
Gibbs, jurisdiction over a federal-law claim brings with it
supplemental jurisdiction over a state-law claim arising from
the same facts. That derivative jurisdiction, though, is to
some extent discretionary; spells out circumstances,
again derived from Gibbs, in which a federal court may de-
cline to hear a state claim falling within the statute's bounds.
See ; Gibbs, 383 U. S., at 726 -- 727.
And yet one more preparatory point: If a statute confers
federal jurisdiction over a suit, not only the plaintiff but also
the defendant can get it into federal court. Take the "aris-
ing under" statute: It grants federal district courts "origi-
nal jurisdiction" over cases presenting a federal question.
; see (similarly providing "original jurisdiction"
over diversity suits). The plaintiff may avail herself of that
jurisdiction (and of the opportunity affords to add sup-
plemental state claims); but she also may fle her suit in state
court. If she takes the latter route, another statute then
gives the defendant an option. Because the case falls within
the federal courts' "original jurisdiction," the defendant may
28 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Opinion of the Court

"remove" it from state to federal court.. And
there the case (including supplemental state claims) usually
remains. Except that "[i]f at any time before fnal judgment
it appears that the district court lacks subject matter juris-
diction," the case must be "remanded" to state court.. That is because, to return to where we started,
federal courts are courts of limited jurisdiction: When they
do not have (or no longer have) authorization to resolve a
suit, they must hand it over.

B
Before raising issues demanding a jurisdictional primer,
this case was all about the marketing of dog food. Peti-
tioner Royal Canin U. S. A., Inc., manufactures a brand of
dog food available only with a veterinarian's prescription -- 
and thus sold at a premium price. Respondent Anastasia
Wullschleger purchased the food, thinking it contained medi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cation not found in off-the-shelf products. She later learned
it did not. Her suit, initially fled in a Missouri state court,
contends that Royal Canin's dog food is ordinary dog food:
The company sells the product with a prescription not be-
cause its ingredients make that necessary, but solely to fool
consumers into paying a jacked-up price. Her original com-
plaint asserted claims under the Missouri Merchandising
Practices Act and state antitrust law. It also alleged viola-
tions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA),
21 U. S. C. et seq.
And so began the procedural back-and-forth that eventu-
ally landed Wullschleger's case in this Court. Royal Canin
went frst: It removed the case to federal court based on the
asserted violations of the FDCA.1 That removal properly
1
That frst step provoked an earlier jurisdictional battle, resolved in
favor of allowing removal and not at issue here. The dispute arose be-
cause Wullschleger's complaint alleged the FDCA violations not as inde-
pendent federal claims, but instead in support of her state claims. Did
the complaint, then, contain the needed federal question? The Court of
 Cite as: (2025) 29

Opinion of the Court

brought to the District Court not only Wullschleger's FDCA
claims, but also her factually intertwined state-law claims.
The parties were thus set to litigate the entire suit in federal
court. But that is not where Wullschleger wanted the case
to be resolved. So she countered Royal Canin's move: She
amended her complaint to delete its every mention of the
FDCA, leaving her state claims to stand on their own. And
with that amended, all-state-law complaint in hand, she peti-
tioned the District Court to remand the case to state court.
Although the District Court denied Wullschleger's re-
quest, the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit reversed
that decision and ordered a remand. See 75 F. 4th 918, 924
(2023).2 In the Eighth Circuit's view, Wullschleger's amend-
ment had eliminated any basis for federal jurisdiction. An
amended complaint, the court reasoned, "[supersedes] an
original complaint and renders the original complaint with-
out legal effect." Id., at 922. And
nothing in the amended complaint supported federal-
Page Proof Pending Publication
question jurisdiction: It was, after all, now based entirely on
state law. Nor could the District Court now exercise sup-
plemental jurisdiction over Wullschleger's state-law claims.
"[T]he possibility of supplemental jurisdiction," the court
reasoned, "vanished right alongside the once-present federal
questions." Id., at 924. And that analysis held good even
though it was Royal Canin, rather than Wullschleger, that

Appeals held that it did because the meaning of the referenced FDCA
provisions was thoroughly embedded in, and integral to the success of,
Wullschleger's state-law claims. See Wullschleger v. Royal Canin
U. S. A., Inc., 953 F. 3d 519, 522 (CA8 2020) ); see supra, at 26. We here treat that fnding of
federal-question jurisdiction as a given. And for ease of exposition, we
take a slight liberty throughout this opinion, referring to the original com-
plaint's FDCA allegations simply as federal claims.
2
Because the denial of a remand request is not immediately appealable,
see Caterpillar Inc. v. Lewis, (1996), the issue reached the
Court of Appeals only after the District Court dismissed Wullschleger's
amended complaint on the merits.
30 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Opinion of the Court

had brought the suit to the District Court: "It makes no dif-
ference," the Eighth Circuit stated, that the case "end[ed] up
in federal court through removal." Id., at 922.
Other Courts of Appeals have reached the opposite conclu-
sion, holding that a post-removal amendment cannot divest
a federal court of jurisdiction.3 On that view, "[t]he exist-
ence of subject matter jurisdiction is determined by examin-
ing the complaint as it existed at the time of removal."
Harper v. AutoAlliance Int'l, Inc., 392 F. 3d 195, 210 (CA6
2004). So the District Court here would have retained sup-
plemental jurisdiction over Wullschleger's state-law claims
even after she amended her complaint to delete all her
federal-law ones.
We granted certiorari to resolve the Circuit split, (2024), and we now affrm the decision below.

II

Page Proof Pending Publication
When a plaintiff amends her complaint following her suit's
removal, a federal court's jurisdiction depends on what the
new complaint says. If (as here) the plaintiff eliminates the
federal-law claims that enabled removal, leaving only state-
law claims behind, the court's power to decide the dispute
dissolves. With the loss of federal-question jurisdiction, the
court loses as well its supplemental jurisdiction over the
state claims. That conclusion fts the text of, govern-
ing supplemental jurisdiction. And it accords with a bevy
of rules hinging federal jurisdiction on the allegations made
in an amended complaint, because that complaint has become
the operative one. Royal Canin argues that our precedent
makes an exception for when an amendment follows a law-
3
Ching v. Mitre Corp., 921 F. 2d 11, 13 (CA1 1990); Collura v. Philadel-
phia, 590 Fed. Appx. 180, 184 (CA3 2014) (per curiam); Harless v. CSX
Hotels, Inc., 389 F. 3d 444, 448 (CA4 2004); Harper v. AutoAlliance Int'l,
Inc., 392 F. 3d 195, 210 -- 211 (CA6 2004); Behlen v. Merrill Lynch, 311 F. 3d
1087, 1095 (CA11 2002).
 Cite as: (2025) 31

Opinion of the Court

suit's removal, but that is to read two bits of gratuitous lan-
guage for a good deal more than they are worth.

A
Begin with, entitled "Supplemental jurisdiction."
Subsection (a) states the basic rule:
"Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c) or as ex-
pressly provided otherwise by Federal statute, in any
civil action of which the district courts have original ju-
risdiction, the district courts shall have supplemental ju-
risdiction over all other claims that are so related to
claims in the action within such original jurisdiction that
they form part of the same case or controversy under
Article III of the United States Constitution."
The subsection thus takes as its starting point claims within
a federal district court's original jurisdiction -- because, say,
Page Proof Pending Publication
they turn on federal law. See. It then confers au-
thority on the court to decide certain "other" claims in the
same suit, involving only state law. That added authority -- 
the court's supplemental jurisdiction -- extends to claims "so
related to" the claims supporting original jurisdiction as to
form "part of the same [constitutional] case." And that
needed relationship, Gibbs explains, is one of fact: The fed-
eral court has supplemental jurisdiction over state-law
claims sharing a "common nucleus of operative fact" with the
federal-law ones. 383 U. S., at 725; see supra, at 27.
Skip down a bit and subsection (c) explains that the supple-
mental jurisdiction just conferred is in some measure discre-
tionary. That subsection provides that a district court "may
decline to exercise supplemental jurisdiction" in three spe-
cifc situations: (1) if the supplemental claim "raises a novel
or complex issue of State law"; (2) if the supplemental claim
"substantially predominates" over the claims within the
court's original jurisdiction; and (3) if the district court "has
32 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Opinion of the Court

dismissed all claims over which it has original jurisdiction." 4
In all those contexts, federal law is not where the real action
is. So although supplemental jurisdiction persists, the dis-
trict court need not exercise it: Instead, the court may (and
indeed, ordinarily should) kick the case to state court. See
Gibbs, 383 U. S., at 726 -- 727.
In addressing the text of, Royal Canin argues pri-
marily from the frst subsection's grant of jurisdiction. The
language there is "broad," the company says: Section 1367(a)
grants "supplemental jurisdiction over `all other claims'
within the case or controversy, unless Congress `expressly
provided otherwise.' " Reply Brief 2 (emphasis in original).
And Congress did not expressly provide that an amendment
deleting federal claims eliminates supplemental jurisdiction.
See id., at 4 -- 5. The upshot, Royal Canin says, is the rule it
espouses: The amendment of a complaint following removal
of a suit to federal court cannot divest that court of supple-
mental jurisdiction.
Page Proof Pending Publication
But that position founders on an undisputed point:
Nothing in 's text -- including in the text Royal Canin
highlights -- distinguishes between cases removed to federal
court and cases originally fled there. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
7 -- 8. Whatever that text says about removed cases, it also
says about original ones, and vice versa. That means if (as
Royal Canin urges) 's language prevents an amend-
ment from ousting supplemental jurisdiction in removed
cases, then so too it does in original ones. But here is the
rub: In original cases, this Court has already reached the
opposite conclusion. The pertinent rule comes from Rock-
well Int'l Corp. v. United States, -- 474
(2007): "[W]hen a plaintiff fles a complaint in federal court
and then voluntarily amends the complaint, courts look to
the amended complaint to determine jurisdiction." So when
4
A fourth, more general provision, which neither party thinks relevant
here, allows a court to decline supplemental jurisdiction "in exceptional
circumstances," for "other compelling reasons." 28 U. S. C. (4).
 Cite as: (2025) 33

Opinion of the Court

the plaintiff in an original case amends her complaint to
withdraw the federal claims, leaving only state claims be-
hind, she divests the federal court of adjudicatory power.
See ibid. Royal Canin concedes that result, as it must.
See Tr. of Oral Arg. 6 -- 7. The position it adopts -- applying
only in removed cases -- is indeed designed not to collide with
Rockwell's ruling. But once is taken as consistent
with Rockwell, it cannot say what the company posits.
Under that provision -- as under Rockwell -- an amendment
excising all federal claims divests a court of supplemental
jurisdiction over the remaining state claims in an original
case. And if in an original case, then also in a removed
case -- because, again, draws no distinction between
the two.
The exclusion from of such post-amendment
state-law claims is refected in the text of. Recall
that describes three contexts in which state-law
Page Proof Pending Publication
claims, though covered by 's jurisdictional grant,
are often better given to state courts. See supra, at 31 -- 32.
If 's grant included the leftover state claims in
an amended complaint, they too would have appeared on
's list: Even more than the claims addressed there,
they are ill-suited to federal adjudication. The leftover
state claims, after all, are now the entirety of the plaintiff 's
suit. Federal claims are not just subordinate, as in
(1) and (2), but gone. And gone for good as well.
When federal claims are dismissed by the district court,
as in (3), an appellate court may yet revive them;
but that cannot happen when the plaintiff has excised them
through a proper amendment. So, again, it follows: If
conferred supplemental jurisdiction over the claims
here, would make that jurisdiction discretionary.
That does not do so -- that even while it addresses,
for example, dismissals of federal claims, it makes no mention
of amendments deleting them -- shows that does not
extend so far. Or otherwise said, there is no discretion to
34 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Opinion of the Court

decline supplemental jurisdiction here because there is no
supplemental jurisdiction at all. Once the plaintiff has
ditched all claims involving federal questions, the leftover
state claims are supplemental to nothing -- and does
not authorize a federal court to resolve them.
That result accords with Congress's usual view of how
amended pleadings can affect jurisdiction. On that view, ap-
parent in varied federal statutes, an amendment can wipe
the jurisdictional slate clean, giving rise to a new analysis
with a different conclusion. Consider 28 U. S. C. : It
states broadly that, in both trial and appellate courts, "[d]e-
fective allegations of jurisdiction may be amended" to ensure
that a case can go forward. So a case falling outside the
federal court's jurisdiction can come within it by virtue of an
amendment. Or take the statute laying out procedures for
removal. It provides that even "if the case stated by the
initial pleading is not removable," an amendment may make
it so: The defendant can remove the case after receiving
Page Proof Pending Publication
"an amended pleading" establishing that the case is newly
subject to federal jurisdiction. (3); see (7)
(similarly providing that an "amended complaint" in a pro-
posed class action may create "[f]ederal jurisdiction"). In
such statutes, Congress conceives of amendments as having
the potential to alter jurisdiction. And just the same here.
Section 1367 contemplates that when an amended complaint
is fled, the jurisdictional basis for the suit is reviewed anew.
If nothing in the amended complaint now falls "within [the
federal court's] original jurisdiction," then neither does any-
thing fall within the court's "supplemental jurisdiction.". In the superseding pleading, the state-law claims
are just state-law claims, outside 's purview.

B
That reading of also parallels a slew of other,
mainly judge-made procedural rules linking jurisdiction to
the amended, rather than initial, complaint. In multiple
 Cite as: (2025) 35

Opinion of the Court

contexts -- involving both cases brought in federal court and
cases removed there -- courts conceive of amendments to
pleadings as potentially jurisdiction-changing events. The
amended complaint becomes the operative one; and in taking
the place of what has come before, it can either create or
destroy jurisdiction. Section 1367, as laid out above, fts
hand in glove with -- indeed, embodies -- that familiar ap-
proach. A post-removal amendment can divest a federal
court of its supplemental jurisdiction because -- as the usual
procedural principle holds -- jurisdiction follows from (and
only from) the operative pleading.
Begin from the beginning: The plaintiff is "the master of
the complaint," and therefore controls much about her suit.
Caterpillar Inc. v. Williams, -- 399 (1987).
She gets to determine which substantive claims to bring
against which defendants. And in so doing, she can
establish -- or not -- the basis for a federal court's subject-
Page Proof Pending Publication
matter jurisdiction. She may, for example, name only de-
fendants who come from a different State, or instead add one
from her own State and thereby destroy diversity of citizen-
ship. See. Or in cases like this one, she may
decide to plead federal-law claims, or instead to allege
state-law claims alone and thus ensure a state forum. See
; supra, at 26 (describing the well-pleaded complaint
rule).
And the plaintiff 's control over those matters extends be-
yond the time her frst complaint is fled. If a plaintiff
amends her complaint, the new pleading "supersedes" the old
one: The "original pleading no longer performs any function
in the case." 6 C. Wright, A. Miller, & M. Kane, Federal
Practice and Procedure, pp. 636 -- 637 (3d ed. 2010). Or
as we put the matter over a century ago: "When a petition
is amended," the "cause proceeds on the amended petition."
Washer v. Bullitt County, (1884). So
changes in parties, or changes in claims, effectively remake
the suit. And that includes its jurisdictional basis: The re-
36 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Opinion of the Court

confguration accomplished by an amendment may bring the
suit either newly within or newly outside a federal court's
jurisdiction.
That idea is the one Rockwell invoked, as earlier noted.
See supra, at 32 -- 33. Recall the situation there considered:
"[A] plaintiff fles a complaint in federal court and later vol-
untarily amends the complaint" to "withdraw" the allega-
tions supporting federal jurisdiction. Rockwell, 549 U. S.,
at 473 -- 474. Should the suit proceed? "[C]ourts," Rockwell
replied, "look to the amended complaint to determine juris-
diction." Id., at 474. That complaint is now the operative
one; the old complaint has become irrelevant. So unless
the withdrawn allegations were "replaced by others" giving
the court adjudicatory power, the plaintiff 's amendment
"will defeat jurisdiction." Id., at 473. Or more specifcally:
If a plaintiff fles a suit in federal court based on federal
claims and later scraps those claims, the federal court can-
not go forward with a now all-state-claim suit. See id.,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 473 -- 474.5
That rule for original federal cases has a host of variations,
each tying jurisdiction to an amended pleading. If, as Rock-
well spelled out, eliminating federal claims in such a suit can
destroy federal jurisdiction, the opposite is also true: Adding
federal claims can create federal jurisdiction where it once
was wanting. See, e. g., ConnectU LLC v. Zuckerberg, 522
F. 3d 82, 91 (CA1 2008) (holding that an amended complaint,
which "replaced the original complaint lock, stock, and bar-
5
The Rockwell Court distinguished its rule from another, operating in
diversity cases, which evaluates a party's citizenship (e. g., whether the
defendant is in fact from New York) at the time a suit is brought, and
never again later. See 549 U. S., at 473 ). That so-called time-of-fling rule, Rockwell
explained, concerns only the actual "state of things" relevant to ju-
risdiction -- meaning, the facts on the ground, rather than (as addressed
here) the claims and parties that the plaintiff includes in a complaint. 549
U. S., at 473; see 75 F. 4th 918, 922 -- 923 (CA8 2023) (case below) (discussing
that distinction).
 Cite as: (2025) 37

Opinion of the Court

rel," conferred jurisdiction). And so too, an amendment can
either destroy or create jurisdiction in an original diversity
case. The addition of a non-diverse party in such a case typ-
ically destroys diversity jurisdiction, requiring the case's dis-
missal. See Owen Equipment & Erection Co. v. Kroger, -- 377 (1978) (stating that an amendment assert-
ing claims against a non-diverse party "destroy[s]" complete
diversity "just as surely as" joining that party in the frst
instance); see also, e. g., American Fiber & Finishing, Inc.
v. Tyco Healthcare Group, LP, 362 F. 3d 136, 139 (CA1 2004).6
Conversely, the elimination of a non-diverse defendant
by way of amendment ensures that a case can proceed in
federal court, though it could not have done so before. See
Newman-Green, Inc. v. Alfonzo-Larrain, -- 833 (1989). In short, the rule in original cases that ju-
risdiction follows the amended (i. e., now operative) pleading
applies across the board.
And still more: Similar rules have long applied in the re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
moval context. Not across the board, of course, else this
case would not have arisen: The very issue here is whether,
in a removed case (as in an original one), an amended com-
plaint dropping federal claims destroys jurisdiction. But in
two of the other situations discussed above, the rule in re-
moved cases is the same as the rule in original ones.7 First,
in removed cases too, amending a complaint to add a federal
claim creates federal jurisdiction when it did not previously
exist. So even if removing a case was improper because the
initial complaint did not contain a federal claim, the plain-
6
That general rule does not apply when an amendment merely substi-
tutes a successor-in-interest for the frst-named defendant. In that situa-
tion, the former steps into the latter's shoes, and the diversity jurisdiction
founded on the initial complaint thus continues. See Freeport-McMoRan
Inc. v. K N Energy, Inc., -- 429 (1991) (per curiam).
7
To our knowledge, no appellate decision addresses whether in the fnal
situation discussed -- when an amendment eliminates a non-diverse
party -- the rule in removed cases similarly follows the rule in original
cases.
38 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Opinion of the Court

tiff 's later assertion of such a claim establishes jurisdiction
going forward. See Pegram v. Herdrich, -- 
216, and (2000); Bernstein v. Lind-Waldock & Co., 738
F. 2d 179, 185 -- 186 (CA7 1984) (Posner, J.). The federal court
can thus resolve both the newly added federal-law claim and
the now supplemental state-law ones. See id., at 186 -- 187.
And second, in removed cases too, amending a complaint to
join a non-diverse party destroys diversity jurisdiction. So
if such a joinder occurs after removal, the federal court must
remand the case to the state court it began in. See ;
Powerex Corp. v. Reliant Energy Services, Inc., -- 232 (2007). Once again, federal jurisdiction -- or its
absence -- follows from the amended complaint.8
The uniformity of that principle, as between original and
removed cases, is not surprising. The appropriateness of
federal jurisdiction -- or the lack thereof -- does not depend on
whether the plaintiff frst fled suit in federal or state court.

Page
8
Proof
Royal Canin Pending
offers up something Publication
of an exception: In both original and
removed cases, an amendment reducing the alleged amount-in-controversy
to below the statutory threshold -- like a post-fling development that
makes recovering the needed amount impossible -- will usually not destroy
diversity jurisdiction. See St. Paul Mercury Indemnity Co. v. Red Cab
Co., 292 (1938); Brief for Petitioners 20. But that rule
is inapposite here, by virtue of its subject and function alike. First, the
rule more concerns a fact on the ground -- that is, the value of a suit -- than
it does the plaintiff's selection of claims and parties. So this Court has
viewed it as analogous to the time-of-fling rule applying to citizenship,
which also assesses a factual issue relevant to jurisdiction only at the suit's
outset. See St. Paul Mercury, 303 U. S., at 294 -- 295; Rosado v. Wyman, (1970); supra, at 36,. Second, the rule responds
to the diffculties of assessing a suit's value and the likelihood that the
calculation will change over the course of litigation. Especially given that
the alleged amount-in-controversy does not cap damages, "constant litiga-
tion" over the matter, having the potential to alter a court's jurisdiction,
"would be wasteful." Grupo Datafux v. Atlas Global Group, L. P., -- 581 (2004) (making the same point about changes in citizen-
ship). But as all the examples given above show, we have never held
such a concern to limit the effect of the plaintiff 's decision, as the master
of her complaint, to add or subtract claims or parties.
 Cite as: (2025) 39

Opinion of the Court

Rather, it depends, in either event, on the substance of the
suit -- the legal basis of the claims (federal or state?) and the
citizenship of the parties (diverse or not?). (That focus on
substance is indeed why original jurisdiction and removal
jurisdiction generally mirror each other in scope. See.) So in a removed no less than in an original case,
the rule that jurisdiction follows the operative pleading
serves a critical function. It too ensures that the case, as it
will actually be litigated, merits a federal forum.
And with all that recognized, the answer to the disputed
question here becomes yet more certain: On top of,
a panoply of procedural rules shows that a post-removal
amendment excising all federal claims destroys federal juris-
diction. Under those rules, the presence of jurisdiction, in
removed as in original cases, hinges on the amended, now
operative pleading. By adding or subtracting claims or par-
ties, and thus reframing the suit, that pleading can alter a
federal court's authority. And so it is here. When a plain-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tiff, after removal, cuts out all her federal-law claims,
federal-question jurisdiction dissolves. And with any fed-
eral anchor gone, supplemental jurisdiction over the residual
state claims disappears as well. The operative pleading no
longer supports federal jurisdiction, and the federal court
must remand the case to the state court where it started.

C
Royal Canin contends that this Court has twice before
reached the opposite conclusion -- frst, in Carnegie-Mellon
Univ. v. Cohill, (1988), and next in Rockwell, in
a footnote to the analysis we have related above. See supra,
at 32 -- 33, 36. But in each case, the relied-on passage is ex-
traneous to the Court's holding and reasoning, and so cannot
bear the weight of Royal Canin's argument.
Begin with Cohill, which shares the procedural posture of
this case but asked and answered a different question.
There, as here, the plaintiff fled a suit in state court, assert-
40 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Opinion of the Court

ing both federal and state claims; the defendant removed the
suit to federal court; and the plaintiff then dropped her fed-
eral claim and sought a remand. The District Court granted
that request over the defendant's objection. But in oppos-
ing that ruling, the defendant did not argue (à la Royal
Canin) that the court should have held on to the case.
Rather, the defendant urged that the court should have dis-
missed the case outright instead of remanding it. (The dif-
ference mattered because the statute of limitations had by
then expired, and a dismissal would have ended the suit.)
The disputed issue was thus not about keeping the case in
federal court, but about two different ways of expelling it.
Or as Cohill put it: The question "present[ed] is whether the
District Court could relinquish jurisdiction over the case
only by dismissing it without prejudice or whether the Dis-
trict Court could relinquish jurisdiction over the case by re-
manding it to state court as well." 484 U. S., at 351. We
Page Proof Pending Publication
held that the federal court could remand as well as dismiss,
even though no statute then authorized the former action.
Id., at 357; see (now flling that vacuum). Our rea-
soning, in that pre- era, focused on the values served
by supplemental jurisdiction, as set out in Gibbs. "[E]con-
omy, convenience, fairness, and comity," we stated, "sup-
port giving a district court discretion to remand when
the exercise of [supplemental] jurisdiction is inappropriate."
Cohill, 484 U. S., at 351. So when a plaintiff cuts her federal
claims, the court should have a choice about how best to get
rid of the case.
In one spot, though, the Cohill Court intimated a view on
whether the District Court also had discretion to retain the
suit. The sentence, pressed by Royal Canin, comes just be-
fore the Court's statement of the question presented, quoted
above. See Brief for Petitioners 10 -- 11, 19. It reads:
"When the single federal-law claim in the action was elimi-
nated at an early stage of the litigation, the District Court
had a powerful reason to choose not to continue to exercise
 Cite as: (2025) 41

Opinion of the Court

jurisdiction." Cohill, 484 U. S., at 351. In using the word
"choose," Cohill suggested that the court, though having
strong cause to dismiss or remand, likewise had authority to
decide the case.
But that slender (and somewhat backhanded) dictum can-
not make us stop in our tracks. Nowhere did Cohill analyze
why a federal court could retain jurisdiction once an amend-
ment excised all federal-law claims. Cohill simply supposed
the court could and asserted as much, without pausing to
consider the matter. And that lack of scrutiny refected the
issue's lack of importance -- not in today's case of course, but
in that earlier one. As just explained, the District Court in
Cohill never thought to exercise jurisdiction after the
amendment; the issue in dispute was only how to get rid of
the action. So Cohill's view about keeping jurisdiction was
gratuitous, and no sooner noted than dropped. It supported
neither the decision's result nor its values-based reasoning.
Page Proof Pending Publication
And anyway, our own analysis is based mainly on legal au-
thorities post-dating Cohill -- most notably, and our
Rockwell decision. See supra, at 30 -- 34, 36. Those later
materials supersede whatever Cohill presumed about exer-
cising federal jurisdiction in a case like this one. So by vir-
tue of both what it decided and when it arose, Cohill does
not matter to the question before us.
That leaves the Rockwell footnote Royal Canin cites. As
earlier explained, the body of Rockwell examines what hap-
pens in an original case when a plaintiff amends a complaint
to expunge federal claims. See supra, at 32 -- 33, 36. The
federal court, Rockwell held, loses jurisdiction. See 549
U. S., at 473 -- 474. But in a two-sentence footnote, the Rock-
well Court said that the opposite rule applies in removed
cases. "[W]hen a defendant removes a case to federal court
based on the presence of a federal claim," the footnote stated,
"an amendment eliminating the original basis for federal ju-
risdiction generally does not defeat jurisdiction." Id., at
474,. That is because "removal cases raise forum-
42 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Opinion of the Court

manipulation concerns that simply do not exist when it is the
plaintiff who chooses a federal forum and then pleads away
jurisdiction through amendment." Ibid. (emphasis in origi-
nal). The footnote thus sets out exactly the rule Royal Canin
wants -- and, in so doing, gives the company its best argument.
But still, the footnote is dictum, and does not control the
outcome here. Rockwell was an original federal case, not a
removed one. So the footnote's assertion of a special rule
for removed cases was outside the issue being decided -- or
more colloquially put, beside the point. The statement had
no bearing on the Court's conclusion about jurisdiction in
original cases. Nor did it relate to the rationale supporting
that result. And to top it off, the footnote was itself barely
reasoned.9 This Court has often stated that "drive-by juris-
dictional rulings" -- asserting or denying jurisdiction "with-
out elaboration," or analysis of whether anything "turn[ed]
on" the ruling -- should be accorded "no precedential effect."
Wilkins v. United States, (2023) ; alter-
ation in original; Henderson v. Shinseki, 
(2011)). The admonition goes double for throwaway foot-
9
The footnote's cursory reference to "forum-manipulation concerns" fails
on multiple levels. First, and most practically, plaintiffs can usually
forum shop without any resort to amendments. Except when a statute
of limitations has expired, a plaintiff need only voluntarily dismiss her
federal suit and fle a new state-claim-only action in state court. So the
forum-manipulation beneft of the Rockwell footnote's approach to re-
moved federal-question cases is likely quite marginal. Second, that ap-
proach conficts with the one taken in the most comparable situation: when
in a removed diversity case, a plaintiff seeks a remand to state court by
means of adding a non-diverse party. As noted earlier, the rule in that
context is the standard one: Jurisdiction follows the amended pleading -- 
regardless of any (probably minor) forum-manipulation concerns. See
; supra, at 38. Third and most important, those policy-based con-
cerns, even if signifcant, cannot trump a federal statute. And as we else-
where discuss -- including in the next paragraph -- offers no basis for
treating original and removed cases differently, as the Rockwell footnote
proposes. See supra, at 32 -- 33.
 Cite as: (2025) 43

Opinion of the Court

notes about jurisdictional issues neither raised in nor con-
ceivably relevant to a case. We therefore need not follow
the Rockwell footnote just because it exists; our adherence
instead depends on whether it withstands analysis.10
And it does not, for all the reasons already given. A
recap here fttingly begins with Rockwell's own core insight,
which points the opposite way. Federal courts, Rockwell
stated, "look to the amended complaint to determine juris-
diction." 549 U. S., at 474. That rule, as earlier described,
explains a host of jurisdictional outcomes. See supra, at 35 -- 
38. It operates in federal-question cases and diversity
cases, both to destroy and to create jurisdiction. And it can-
not give way, in a case like this one, just because the case
was removed from state to federal court. When, as here, a
complaint asserts both federal and state claims, and an
amendment strips out the federal ones, a district court's ju-
risdiction depends on. And, as earlier shown,
makes no distinction between cases beginning in federal
Page Proof Pending Publication
court and cases removed there. See supra, at 32 -- 33. If in
the former the amendment "defeat[s] jurisdiction," as Rock-
well rightly held, 549 U. S., at 473, then so too in the latter.
Regardless of removal, the plaintiff 's excision of her federal-
law claims deprives the district court of its authority to de-
cide the state-law claims remaining.

III
For those reasons, the District Court here should have re-
manded Wullschleger's suit to state court. The earliest ver-
sion of that suit contained federal-law claims and therefore
was properly removed to federal court. The additional
state-law claims were suffciently related to the federal ones
10
It is of course a much different thing for this Court to reach that
conclusion than for a lower court to do so. We do not at all fault any
court that relied on the Rockwell footnote to fnd jurisdiction in a case like
this one. Courts that did so simply took us at our word, in a way both
understandable and appropriate.
44 ROYAL CANIN U. S. A., INC. v. WULLSCHLEGER

Opinion of the Court

to come within that court's supplemental jurisdiction. But
when Wullschleger amended her complaint, the jurisdic-
tional analysis also changed. Her deletion of all federal
claims deprived the District Court of federal-question juris-
diction. And once that was gone, the court's supplemental
jurisdiction over the state claims dissolved too. Wull-
schleger had reconfgured her suit to make it only about
state law. And so the suit became one for a state court.
We accordingly affrm the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit.
It is so ordered.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 140 -- 167

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
February 21, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
140 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the seventh circuit
No. 23 -- 1127. Argued November 4, 2024 -- Decided February 21, 2025
The E-Rate (short for Education-Rate) program, established under the
Telecommunications Act of 1996, subsidizes internet and other telecom-
munications services for schools and libraries across the United States.
To fnance those subsidies, Congress required that telecommunications
carriers pay into a fund (now known as the Universal Service Fund)
that is administered by the Universal Service Administrative Company,
a private not-for-proft corporation. The Company collects and distrib-
utes the resulting pot of money to benefciaries pursuant to regulations
prescribed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). In ad-
dition to providing for subsidies, those regulations impose upon carriers
a rule called the "lowest corresponding price" rule, which prohibits
them from charging schools and libraries more than what they would
Page Proof Pending Publication
charge a "similarly situated" non-residential customer. Once an appro-
priate charge is set, a school can obtain its subsidy by paying the carrier
a discounted price and requiring the carrier to seek the remainder from
the Fund, or by paying the carrier full freight and then applying for
reimbursement from the Fund.
Respondent Todd Heath is an auditor of telecommunications bills who
believes that petitioner Wisconsin Bell defrauded the E-Rate program
out of millions of dollars. According to Heath, Wisconsin Bell consist-
ently overcharged schools in violation of the "lowest corresponding
price" rule. Heath brought suit under the False Claims Act (FCA),
which enables private parties to bring civil actions on the Government's
behalf to protect federal programs and funds from fraud. The FCA
imposes civil liability on any person who "knowingly presents, or causes
to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim" as statutorily defned. 31
U. S. C. (1)(A). In Heath's view, Wisconsin Bell's violations of
the "lowest corresponding price" rule led to reimbursement requests
for amounts higher than the E-Rate program should have paid. The
premise of Heath's suit is that an E-Rate reimbursement request can
give rise to FCA liability because it qualifes as a "claim," which, as
relevant here, requires the Government to "provide or ha[ve] provided
any portion of the money" requested. (2)(A)(ii)(I).
 Cite as: (2025) 141

Syllabus

Wisconsin Bell moved to dismiss Heath's suit. In its view, an E-rate
reimbursement request can never qualify as a "claim" under the FCA
because the money comes from private carriers and is handled by a
private corporation, meaning the Government does not "provide any
portion of the money" requested. The District Court and the Seventh
Circuit rejected that argument. The Court of Appeals held that the
Government "provided" E-Rate program funding for two independent
reasons. First, it held that the Government provided all the money in
the program through its regulatory role in the collection and distribu-
tion of contributions. Second and more narrowly, it found that the Gov-
ernment provided some "portion" of E-Rate funding by depositing into
the Fund, in the relevant years, more than $100 million directly from
the U. S. Treasury.
Held: The E-Rate reimbursement requests at issue are "claims" under the
FCA because the Government "provided" (at a minimum) a "portion"
of the money applied for by transferring more than $100 million from
the Treasury into the Fund. (2)(A)(ii)(I). The question is
whether the Government "provided" -- in ordinary meaning, supplied,
furnished, or made available -- any portion of the money sought. While
the parties (mirroring the Seventh Circuit's opinion) discuss two inde-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pendent theories under which the Government potentially "provided"
the requested funds, here it is enough that the Government provided
some E-Rate moneys through the Treasury's own transfer of over $100
million into the Fund. That amount consisted of delinquent contribu-
tions that the FCC and Treasury Department collected from carriers, as
well as civil settlements and criminal restitution payments from Justice
Department activities in response to wrongdoing in the E-Rate pro-
gram. The Government therefore "provided [a] portion of the money"
disbursed from the Fund to reimburse E-Rate program participants.
Wisconsin Bell argues that even the $100 million was provided only
by the carriers, with the Government playing no more than an interme-
diary role. But to start with, Wisconsin Bell mischaracterizes the Gov-
ernment's role. Rather than acting as a passive throughway for the
transmission of the $100 million, it generated that money itself by ex-
tracting it from carriers and by prosecuting wrongdoing in the E-Rate
program. And anyway, a simple intermediary can sometimes also "pro-
vide" things to a recipient -- and the Government, even if viewed only
in that light, would do so here. For example, a proctor for an exam
"provides" blue books and pencils to students, even if she has not pur-
chased them herself and has instead gotten them from the school. The
same is true here: The Government "provided" the relevant $100 million
to the Fund by collecting it and routing it through Treasury accounts.
142 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Syllabus

Here, in the years relevant to Heath's FCA suit, the Government
"provided" a "portion of the money requested" for E-Rate subsidies by
collecting, holding, and transferring $100 million by way of the Treasury.
Indeed, those transfers look like most Government spending: Money
usually comes to the Government from private parties, and it then usu-
ally goes out to the broader community to fund programs and activities.
That conclusion is enough to enable Heath's FCA suit to proceed.
Pp. 148 -- 155.
92 F. 4th 654, affrmed and remanded.

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Thomas, J.,
fled a concurring opinion, in which Kavanaugh, J., joined, and in which
Alito, J., joined as to Part I, post, p. 155. Kavanaugh, J., fled a concur-
ring opinion, in which Thomas, J., joined, post, p. 167.

Allyson N. Ho argued the cause for petitioner. With her
on the briefs were Helgi C. Walker, Andrew LeGrand, Ash-
ley E. Johnson, Stephen J. Hammer, and Patrick J. Fuster.
Tejinder Singh argued the cause for respondent. With
Page Proof Pending Publication
him on the brief were David J. Chizewer, Roger A. Lewis,
and Harleen Kaur.
Vivek Suri argued the cause for the United States as ami-
cus curiae urging affrmance. With him on the brief were
Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal Deputy Assistant At-
torney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor General Stewart,
Michael S. Raab, Charles W. Scarborough, and Kevin J.
Kennedy.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Center for
Constitutional Responsibility by Steven P. Lehotsky, Andrew B. Davis,
and Karen R. Harned; for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States
of America by John P. Elwood and Andrew R. Varcoe; for the DRI -- Center
for Law and Public Policy by Mary Massaron; for USTelecom -- The Broad-
band Association et al. by Scott H. Angstreich; and for the Washington
Legal Foundation by John M. Masslon II and Cory L. Andrews.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Anti-Fraud
Coalition by Chandra A. Napora; for Professors of Law et al. by Michael
Lieberman and Jamie Crooks; and for the Southern Education Foundation
et al. by Meredith R. Aska McBride.
 Cite as: (2025) 143

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
The E-Rate (short for Education-Rate) program subsidizes
internet and other telecommunications services for schools
and libraries across the United States. Established under
the Telecommunications Act of 1996, 110 Stat. 56, the pro-
gram disburses funds -- collected from telecommunications
carriers and managed by a private corporation -- to cover a
substantial percentage of a school's internet costs. The
funds are payable, under Federal Communications Commis-
sion (FCC) regulations, to either a carrier or a school upon
receipt of a reimbursement request.
This case asks us to decide whether such a request can
count as a "claim" under the False Claims Act (FCA or Act),
31 U. S. C. -- 3733. The FCA protects government
funds and programs by imposing civil liability on any person
who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent "claim" as stat-
utorily defned. In the part of the defnition relevant here,
Page Proof Pending Publication
a request for money qualifes as a claim if the Government
"provides or has provided any portion of the money... re-
quested." (2)(A)(ii)(I). We hold today that the
E-Rate reimbursement requests at issue satisfy that require-
ment because the Government provided (at a minimum) a
"portion" of the money applied for. In the years in which
those requests were made, the Government transferred more
than $100 million from the Treasury into the pool of funds
used to pay E-Rate subsidies. That is enough to create a
"claim" under the Act, and to allow a suit alleging fraud to
go forward.
I
Congress and the FCC have long worked to ensure that
"all the people of the United States" have access, at reason-
able prices, to telecommunications and information services.
47 U. S. C. ; see. In keeping with that goal, the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 directed the FCC to estab-
lish several so-called universal-service programs for popula-
144 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Opinion of the Court

tions or institutions needing improved access. See.
That statute identifed, for example, consumers in rural
areas, consumers with low incomes, and -- critical here -- 
elementary schools, secondary schools, and libraries as ap-
propriate recipients of subsidies or other assistance. See, (h)(1).
To fnance those measures, Congress required that tele-
communications carriers pay into a fund -- now known as the
Universal Service Fund -- as FCC regulations prescribe.
See. Under those rules, the FCC determines each
quarter the percentage of revenues that a carrier must con-
tribute. See 47 CFR.706, 54.709(a) (2023). The FCC,
however, does not manage the Fund's day-to-day operations.
Rather, it has "appointed" the Universal Service Administra-
tive Company, a private not-for-proft corporation, as the
Fund's "Administrator.".701(a); see App. 34. The Ad-
ministrative Company generally bills and collects contribu-
tions from carriers -- though the FCC plays a role in pursu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing delinquents. See.702; App. 37 -- 38, 40 -- 43; in fra,
at 150. And the Company distributes the resulting pot of
money, as FCC rules provide, to program benefciaries.
See.702(b).1
Among those benefciaries are public and private schools
and libraries, under what is commonly called the E-Rate pro-
gram. See 47 U. S. C. (6), (h)(1)(B); 47 CFR.500
et seq. That program subsidizes between 20 and 90 percent
of a school's total charges for internet and other telecommu-
nications services, with higher percentages for schools in
rural or low-income areas. See.505(a) -- (c). And the
program protects the value of that subsidy by preventing a

1
The precise relationship between the FCC and the Administrative
Company is in dispute in other litigation. See, e. g., Consumers' Research
v. FCC, 109 F. 4th 743, 750 (CA5) (en banc), cert. granted, 
(2024). The details of that relationship are irrelevant here, and we ex-
press no views on that score. Nor do we comment on any other matter
pertaining to the constitutionality of the universal-service programs.
 Cite as: (2025) 145

Opinion of the Court

carrier from infating its non-discounted prices. Under the
"lowest corresponding price" rule, a carrier may not charge a
school a higher sticker price than it would charge a "similarly
situated" customer..500, 54.511(b). Once an appro-
priate charge is set, a school can obtain its subsidy in either
of two ways. See.514(c). The school can pay the car-
rier only the discounted price, thus requiring the carrier to
seek the remainder from moneys held in the Fund. Or the
school can pay the carrier full freight and itself apply for
reimbursement.
Respondent Todd Heath is an auditor of telecommunica-
tions bills who believes that petitioner Wisconsin Bell de-
frauded the E-Rate program out of millions of dollars. Ac-
cording to Heath, the carrier fouted the FCC's "lowest
corresponding price" rule for more than a decade (from 2002
to 2015) by charging schools a higher full price than it
charged other, similarly situated customers. And as Heath
Page Proof Pending Publication
notes, overcharges of that kind inevitably lead to overpay-
ments from the Fund. Take a hypothetical example. If the
lowest corresponding price for a service is $1,000 and a
school is entitled to a 60% subsidy, then the E-Rate program
should pay out $600. But if Wisconsin Bell, in violation of
the rule, instead charged the school a full price of $1,500,
then the program would instead confer a subsidy of $900.
(And the school, rather than pay $400, would pay $600.) The
carrier, in Heath's view, thus wrongly amassed revenues at
the E-Rate program's expense.
That accusation is at the heart of a lawsuit Heath brought
against Wisconsin Bell under the FCA. Enacted during the
Civil War to protect federal programs and funds from fraud,
that law enables private parties to bring civil actions on the
Government's behalf, and to share in any monetary recovery.
See United States ex rel. Polansky v. Executive Health Re-
sources, Inc., -- 425 (2023). A defendant is
liable under the Act if it "knowingly presents, or causes to
be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment." 31
146 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Opinion of the Court

U. S. C. (1)(A). In Heath's view, Wisconsin Bell en-
gaged in that conduct many times over by way of violating
the FCC's "lowest corresponding price" rule. App. 62 -- 82
(complaint). All those violations led to reimbursement re-
quests, by either Wisconsin Bell or a school, for amounts
higher than the E-Rate program should have had to pay.
Plus, all Wisconsin Bell's own requests included a false certi-
fcation (or so Heath alleged) that it had complied with the
program's rules, including the one about pricing.
The premise of Heath's suit is that an E-Rate reimburse-
ment request can give rise to FCA liability because it fts
within the statute's defnition of the term "claim." That
defnition varies depending on whether a "request or de-
mand" for money is made to a federal employee or agent, or
instead to an "other recipient." (2)(A). Assuming
that the Administrative Company -- the recipient of E-Rate
reimbursement requests -- falls within the "other" rather
than the "agent" category, such a request must meet two
Page Proof Pending Publication
requirements to count as an FCA "claim." 2 First, the
money requested must be "spent or used on the Govern-
ment's behalf or to advance a Government program or in-
terest." (2)(A)(ii). And second, the Government
must "provide or ha[ve] provided any portion of the
money" requested. (2)(A)(ii)(I). The statutory
defnition, though, also offers a caveat: It is immaterial, in
assessing whether those requirements are met, "whether or
not the United States has title to the money" at issue.
(2)(A).3
2
The parties have disputed throughout this litigation whether the Ad-
ministrative Company is actually an "agent" of the United States, and
therefore not subject to the two requirements about to be described. But
our disposition of this case makes that issue immaterial, and we therefore
express no view of its merits. See infra, at 148, (noting the Court of
Appeals' treatment of the question).
3
Congress's most recent amendments to the "claim" defnition (which
included adding the title provision) occurred in 2009, after some of the
disputed reimbursement requests were made. But Wisconsin Bell does
 Cite as: (2025) 147

Opinion of the Court

Wisconsin Bell moved to dismiss Heath's suit, arguing that
under the FCA's defnition an E-Rate reimbursement re-
quest can never qualify as a "claim." The carrier did not
deny that the money so requested "advance[s] a Government
program," as the defnition frst requires. That money, after
all, simply is the E-Rate program's subsidy. But Wisconsin
Bell contended that an E-Rate reimbursement request funks
the second requirement, because the Government does not
"provide any portion of the money" requested. In Wiscon-
sin Bell's view, all the money in the E-Rate program is "pri-
vate," rather than "federal." No. 2:08 -- cv -- 00724 (ED Wis.,
Nov. 25, 2014), ECF Doc. 97, p. 6. That is because the
money comes from private carriers' contributions, and a pri-
vate corporation handles its collection and disbursement.
See id., at 12 -- 13. "The federal government," Wisconsin
Bell averred, does not provide "a single penny to the Fund."
Id., at 12.
After the District Court denied the motion, the Court of
Page Proof Pending Publication
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit held that E-Rate reimburse-
ment requests ft the FCA's defnition of "claim." The Court
of Appeals found two "independent paths" for concluding,
contra Wisconsin Bell, that the Government "provided" E-
Rate program funding. 92 F. 4th 654, 666 (2024). First, the
court held that the Government provided all the money in
the program through its regulatory role in the "collection
and distribution" of contributions -- most notably, by initially

not contend that those amendments require separate analysis of the pre-
and post-2009 requests to resolve the issues we address. In discussing
those issues, the carrier cites the current defnition and describes the
amendments (including the title provision) as merely clarifying existing
law. See Brief for Wisconsin Bell 24 -- 25, 39; Reply Brief 5 -- 6. We as-
sume without deciding that its characterization is correct, and thus use
only the FCA's current defnition of "claim." Cf. Universal Health Serv-
ices, Inc. v. United States ex rel. Escobar, (2016)
(noting in another FCA case involving both pre- and post-2009 requests
that no party argued and "we thus do not consider whether pre-2009
conduct should be treated differently").
148 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Opinion of the Court

requiring the carriers to pay into the Fund. Id., at 671; see
id., at 669. Second and more narrowly, the court found that
the Government provided some "portion" of E-Rate funding
by depositing into the Fund, in the relevant years, "more
than $100 million directly from the U. S. Treasury." Id., at
667. That contribution of Treasury money, even if a small
part of the Fund's total, was enough to qualify the E-Rate
reimbursement requests as FCA "claims." See ibid.4
In a similar case, the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit held that E-Rate reimbursement requests do not so
qualify -- although that court considered only the "broad[er]
view" of how the Government "provides" E-Rate funding.
United States ex rel. Shupe v. Cisco Systems, Inc., 759 F. 3d
379, 383 -- 384 (2014) (per curiam); id., at 387 -- 388 (fnding the
FCC's "regulatory supervision" of the program insuffcient
to show that the Government provided E-Rate funds).
We granted certiorari to resolve the circuit split over
Page Proof Pending Publication
whether E-Rate reimbursement requests are FCA "claims."
(2024). We need reach no further today than
the narrower ($100 million) ground on which the court below
ruled. The requests at issue qualify as claims because, in
the years they were submitted, the U. S. Treasury deposited
money into the Fund for disbursement to those entitled to
E-Rate subsidies.
II
The E-Rate reimbursement requests at issue count as
FCA "claims" if the Government "provides or has provided
any portion of the money" requested. (2)(A)(ii)(I).
Is that language satisfed when a school or carrier asks for
E-Rate program funds? Because the Act does not defne

4
Finding yet a third path to the same outcome, the Seventh Circuit also
held that the Administrative Company is an "agent" of the Government.
See 92 F. 4th, at 667 -- 668. As noted above, that conclusion (if correct)
obviates the FCA's requirement that the Government "provide" any part
of the requested money. See supra, at 146,.
 Cite as: (2025) 149

Opinion of the Court

the word "provides," we look to its ordinary meaning. To
"provide" means to "supply," to "furnish," or to "make avail-
able." American Heritage Dictionary 1411 (4th ed. 2000); 12
Oxford English Dictionary 713 (2d ed. 1989); see Little Sis-
ters of the Poor Saints Peter and Paul Home v. Pennsylva-
nia, (2020) (defning "provide" the same
way). The question thus becomes whether the Government
supplied, furnished, or made available any portion of the
money here sought.
The parties' arguments on that score mirror the two "inde-
pendent paths" laid out in the Seventh Circuit's opinion. 92
F. 4th, at 666; see supra, at 147 -- 148. Wisconsin Bell and
Heath dispute whether the Government provides all E-Rate
moneys through its regulatory authority over the program,
especially its mandate that carriers contribute to the Fund.
But so too the parties contest whether the Government has
provided some E-Rate moneys through the Treasury's own
Page Proof Pending Publication
transfer into the Fund of over $100 million, to pay for pro-
gram subsidies.
If Heath prevails on either one of those theories, he has
met the FCA's defnition of "claim." Under that defnition,
providing some funds is just as good as providing all: The
Government, recall, need provide only "any portion" of the
amount requested. (2)(A)(ii)(I); see United States
ex rel. DRC, Inc. v. Custer Battles, LLC, 562 F. 3d 295, 303
(CA4 2009) ("So long as `any portion' of the claim is or will
be funded by U. S. money," the "full claim satisfes the
defnition"). Wisconsin Bell acknowledges that point, as it
must. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 24. So if the Government, by
making direct payments, has provided even a small fraction
of the money used to fund E-Rate reimbursements, the ques-
tion presented here is resolved. It is then immaterial
whether the Government, by exercising regulatory control,
provides all the money so used. Even supposing not, the
reimbursement requests are "claims" for payment, and
Heath's suit for fraud can go forward.
150 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Opinion of the Court

And as the Court of Appeals explained, the Government -- 
more specifcally, the U. S. Treasury -- has put substantial
money into the Fund to fnance E-Rate subsidies. See 92 F.
4th, at 667. The more than $100 million deposited in the
relevant years came from two sources. About half consisted
of delinquent contributions (plus associated interest and pen-
alties) that the FCC and Treasury Department collected
from carriers after the Administrative Company proved un-
able to do so. Those federal agencies, acting under a law
providing for the collection of sums "owed to the United
States," placed the money they garnered in Treasury ac-
counts. 31 U. S. C. (1); see, 3717; App. 35 -- 
38, 40 -- 43. From there, the Treasury made periodic trans-
fers to the Fund for disbursement to program participants.
See id., at 37 -- 38, 42 -- 43. The other half of the $100 million
derived from Justice Department activities. See id., at 38,
43. When that Department learns of wrongdoing in the E-
Page Proof Pending Publication
Rate program, its lawyers may proceed in diverse ways
against the malefactors -- maybe under the FCA itself, or
under antitrust laws, or under criminal bans on mail or wire
fraud. Any civil settlements or criminal restitution pay-
ments resulting from those actions go into Treasury ac-
counts. And once again, that money eventually makes its
way to the Fund to bankroll E-Rate subsidies.
So to return to the language of the relevant defnitional
provision: The Government "provided [a] portion of the
money" disbursed from the Fund to reimburse E-Rate pro-
gram participants. (2)(A)(ii)(I). Or to use the syn-
onyms previously offered: The Government supplied funds,
furnished funds, and made available funds for that purpose.
It is a simple matter, as the saying goes, of following the
money. Again, federal agencies accumulated the roughly
$100 million and placed it in the U. S. Treasury -- the reposi-
tory for "all monies received by the United States." K.
Stith, Congress' Power of the Purse, 97 Yale L. J. 1343, 1356
(1988). And the Treasury later transferred those sums to
 Cite as: (2025) 151

Opinion of the Court

the Fund for use in fulflling E-Rate reimbursement re-
quests. Or as the Seventh Circuit put the point: Because
the Treasury held and conveyed to the Fund the $100 million,
"quite literally, the Treasury provide[d] money to the E-Rate
program." 92 F. 4th, at 670.5
Wisconsin Bell resists that conclusion, arguing that even
the $100 million was provided by, and only by, the carriers.
See, e. g., Brief for Wisconsin Bell 27 ("The E-rate program
is funded entirely by private carriers' contributions"). On
that alternative view, the Government played no more than
an intermediary role: It "merely collected and held" the car-
riers' required payments "pending their return" to "their
rightful owner, the Administrative Company." Id., at 31.
And "facilitat[ing] the transfer of money," Wisconsin Bell
says, does not amount to "provid[ing]" money. Id., at 30.
Rather, the deposits that the Treasury put into the Fund
"are no different than" the carriers' "contributions them-
Page Proof Pending Publication
selves." Tr. of Oral Arg. 5; see id., at 23. The former stand
in for the latter, and remain just as private.

5
The Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, although rejecting the
regulatory-control theory of providing funds, never addressed the alterna-
tive, follow-the-money theory just described. See United States ex rel.
Shupe v. Cisco Systems, Inc., 759 F. 3d 379, 382 -- 388 (2014) (per curiam);
supra, at 147 -- 148. That omission apparently resulted from the Govern-
ment's litigation choices. Only in the Seventh Circuit -- not in the Fifth -- 
did the Government press the narrower theory and submit supporting
evidence about the Treasury's deposit of moneys into the Fund. Had the
Fifth Circuit seen the same evidence, it may well have responded as the
Seventh did. Indeed, its own analysis suggests as much. For under the
Fifth Circuit's approach, the defnition of "claim" is met "when United
States Treasury dollars fow to the defrauded [program]." Shupe, 759
F. 3d, at 383; see ibid. (noting with approval that "courts have found that
the Government `provides any portion' of the money requested when the
Government has given [a program] even a drop of treasury money"); id., at
388 (concluding that the Government did not provide any of the requested
money because "there are no federal funds involved in the [E-Rate]
program").
152 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Opinion of the Court

But to start with, Wisconsin Bell mischaracterizes the
Government's role in bringing the $100 million to the Fund.
The Government was not a passive throughway for the
transmission of E-rate moneys from one private party (the
carrier) to another (the Administrative Company). Nor
were the Government's activities confned to "facilitating"
such transfers, as Wisconsin Bell would have it. Take frst
the $50 million in delinquent contributions, on which Wiscon-
sin Bell almost wholly focuses. The FCC and Treasury De-
partment extracted those moneys from carriers that, even
after the Administrative Company's entreaties, refused to
pay on schedule. Without the agencies' dunning, the contri-
butions would have come in yet later -- or might never have
arrived. (And if no contributions, likely no interest or pen-
alties either.) Still less does the other $50 million -- from
settlement and restitution awards -- align with Wisconsin
Bell's story. Those awards came from the Justice Depart-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment's efforts to prosecute wrongdoing in the E-Rate pro-
gram. And the amounts obtained thus refected not the car-
riers' regular contributions but the harms that fraudulent
conduct had imposed on the Fund and its benefciaries. So
the Government, in forwarding those payments to the Fund,
did not serve as a program middleman or facilitator. Rather,
the Government itself generated the moneys it provided.
And anyway, a simple intermediary can sometimes also
"provide" things to a recipient -- and the Government, even
if viewed only in that light, would do so here. Wisconsin
Bell assumes that only one entity can provide a thing, so that
if a carrier gave a contribution to the Government to give to
the Fund, then the carrier alone provided the money. But
why not say that both did so -- the originator of the money
and the transmitter alike? Consider a perhaps dated exam-
ple used at oral argument. See id., at 13 -- 14. A proctor for
an exam gives out blue books and pencils to students. She
has not purchased them herself; rather, she has gotten them
from the school. It would still be natural to say that she
 Cite as: (2025) 153

Opinion of the Court

(along with the school) has "provided" -- has supplied, fur-
nished, or made available -- the booklets and pencils. Simi-
lar real-world examples abound. A bank teller "provides"
an account holder with money, even though the recipient's
employer deposited the relevant funds. A UPS driver "pro-
vides" a person with a package, even though the driver frst
picked up the box from a department store. In each case,
not only the original source but also the middleman (the in-
termediary, transmitter, facilitator, what have you) provides
the thing at issue. And the same is true here. Supposing
that carriers "provided" the relevant $100 million to the
Fund, so too did the Government by collecting it and routing
it through Treasury accounts.
Nothing about the ownership of the $100 million while in
the Treasury matters to that conclusion, in the way Wiscon-
sin Bell at times suggests. In its view, those moneys were
frst owned by private carriers and then owned by the private
Administrative Company -- but not owned by the Government
Page Proof Pending Publication
in the interim period when it had "temporary possession."
Id., at 22. Perhaps. Or perhaps not -- the Government (as
well as Heath) takes the opposite view. See Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 21 -- 22. The important point here
is that the answer is irrelevant. Consider the examples just
given: No one would say that the proctor or the teller or the
UPS driver does not "provide" (again, supply, furnish, or make
available) the relevant item just because she does not own it
while making the transfer. And so too here. Were there
any doubt, another aspect of the FCA's defnition of the term
"claim" clears it away. Recall that the defnition -- including
its provides-the-money requirement -- can be met "whether
or not the United States has title to the money" at is-
sue. (2)(A); see supra, at 146.6 So as the FCA sees
6
As noted earlier, we assume without deciding that this provision,
enacted in 2009, merely clarifed existing law, and thus that the view it
takes is relevant to the pre-2009, as well as the post-2009, claims in this
case. See supra, at 146 -- 147,.
154 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Opinion of the Court

the matter, the technical ownership of the $100 million that
the Government conveyed to the Fund makes not a whit of
difference. Either way, its transfers can form the basis of
an FCA suit.
Those transfers, indeed, look like most Government
spending -- neither more nor less private, neither more nor
less public. Money usually comes to the Government from
private parties -- through taxes, fnes, or fees of all kinds.
And then money usually goes out to the broader community,
to fund any number of programs and activities. Between
the time money comes in and the time money goes out, it
sits -- as the $100 million here did -- in Treasury accounts. In
this broad array of schemes, the funding received may be
more or less earmarked, and it may be disbursed more or
less quickly. But the basic mechanism remains the same.
Money enters and then exits the public fsc; the Government
collects money and then furnishes it for some use. And so
it was here, in the years relevant to Heath's FCA suit. The
Page Proof Pending Publication
Government obtained $100 million in delinquent contribu-
tions, settlement awards, and restitution payments related
to the E-Rate program. It held that money for a time in
the U. S. Treasury. And then it supplied that money to re-
imburse program participants -- "provid[ing]," as the FCA
requires, a "portion of the money" requested for schools'
E-Rate subsidies.
III
What we have said above is enough to enable Heath's FCA
suit to proceed. The reimbursement requests at issue qual-
ify as "claims" under the FCA because, in the years they
were made, the Government deposited money into the Fund
to pay for E-Rate subsidies. And all the statute requires is
that those deposits provide "any portion" -- not the whole -- 
of the sums requested. For that reason, we need not ad-
dress the alternative theory that the Government provides
all E-Rate funds by exercising regulatory control over the
 Cite as: (2025) 155

Thomas, J., concurring

program. Whether or not that is so, Heath can press his
claim that, by violating the "lowest corresponding price"
rule, Wisconsin Bell "knowingly present[ed], or cause[d] to
be presented," a set of "false or fraudulent claim[s] for pay-
ment." (1)(A).
If Heath prevails on the merits, issues about damages may
well emerge. At oral argument, the parties forecast their
differences on those issues -- including about whether (and, if
so, how) the amount of money the Government deposited
should limit the damages Heath can recover. See, e.g., Tr.
of Oral Arg. 24 -- 26, 29 -- 32, 53 -- 54, 66 -- 68, 93 -- 94. But those
issues were not briefed in this Court, and in any event are a
long way away. We therefore leave them for the courts
below to decide, should it ever become necessary to do so.
For the reasons stated, we affrm the judgment of the
Court of Appeals and remand the case for further proceed-
ings consistent with this opinion.
Page Proof Pending Publication It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Kavanaugh joins,
and with whom Justice Alito joins as to Part I, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full because it correctly holds
that, for purposes of the False Claims Act (FCA), the Fed-
eral Government "provides" money to the Education Rate
(E-Rate) program when the Government itself collects over-
due contributions, interest, penalties, settlements, and resti-
tution payments, and then transfers that money from U. S.
Treasury accounts into the E-Rate program. See 31 U. S. C.
(2)(A)(ii)(I). The Court saves for another day two
more diffcult questions: First, whether the Government
"provides" the money that it requires private carriers to con-
tribute to the E-Rate program, see ibid.; and second,
whether the E-Rate program's administrator is an agent of
the United States. I express no defnitive views on those
questions today. I write separately only to highlight that
156 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Thomas, J., concurring

the Government's positions on these questions might, if ac-
cepted, have signifcant implications for both the scope of the
FCA and the lawfulness of the E-Rate program.

I
The question presented in this case is whether reimburse-
ment requests submitted to the E-Rate program are "claims"
under the FCA. See (2). As the Court's opinion
explains, ante, at 146, the defnition of "claim" depends on
the person or entity to whom the request for money is made.
If the request is made to a federal offcer, employee, or agent,
then any request for money qualifies as a "claim. "
(2)(A)(i). But, if the request is made to some "other
recipient," then the request is a "claim" only in limited cir-
cumstances, such as if the Federal Government "provides or
has provided any portion of the money" requested and the
money is to be spent or used "to advance a Government pro-
Page Proof Pending Publication
gram or interest." (2)(A)(ii).
All agree that E-Rate reimbursement requests are made
to the Universal Service Administrative Company (Adminis-
trative Company). The Administrative Company is a pri-
vate not-for-proft corporation whose parent entity, the Na-
tional Exchange Carrier Association (Carrier Association),
is another private not-for-proft corporation. See 47 CFR.5, 69.602 (2023).
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has "ap-
pointed" the Administrative Company as "Administrator" of
the Universal Service Fund (Fund). See.701(a). The
Fund is composed primarily of money from private telecom-
munications carriers. It is undisputed that a federal statute
requires certain carriers to contribute "to the specifc, pre-
dictable, and suffcient mechanisms established by the [FCC]
to preserve and advance universal service." See 47 U. S. C.. FCC regulations in turn mandate that certain car-
riers contribute to the Fund on a quarterly basis. 47 CFR.706(a) -- (b), 54.709(a). FCC regulations also task the
 Cite as: (2025) 157

Thomas, J., concurring

Administrative Company with disbursing the money in the
Fund to benefciaries of the E-Rate program and other uni-
versal service initiatives..702(b).*
The Government offered us three different paths to fnding
that an E-Rate reimbursement request satisfes the FCA's
defnition of "claim." First, assuming that the Administra-
tive Company is an "other recipient," the Government ar-
gued that the Government provides all the money in the
Fund because federal law requires private carriers to con-
tribute to it. Second, the Government contended that even
if it does not provide all the money, it provided at least a
" `portion' " of it during the years relevant to this case be-
cause "the [FCC], the Department of the Treasury, and the
Department of Justice collected more than $100 million in
contributions, interest, and penalties from delinquent carri-
ers; held the money in Treasury accounts; and then deposited
the money in the Fund." Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 7 -- 8. Third, the Government argued that even if it
Page Proof Pending Publication
does not provide any money to the Fund, an E-Rate reim-
bursement request is a "claim" under the FCA because the
Administrative Company -- the entity to whom a request for
money is made -- is an "agent of the United States. "
(2)(A)(i).
The Court resolves this case on the second ground alone.
During the years relevant here, the Treasury Department
deposited more than $100 million directly into the Fund. Of
that sum, approximately $50 million came from delinquent
contributions and related interest and penalties, and the
other $50 million came from settlements and restitution
awards obtained by the Justice Department. I understand
the Court to have decided that on the facts of this case -- 
where the Government itself exercised its power to collect
overdue contributions, interest, penalties, settlements, and

*As the Court's opinion explains, see ante, at 144, the nature of the
relationship between the FCC and the Administrative Company is the
subject of ongoing litigation. I express no view on that matter.
158 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Thomas, J., concurring

restitution awards, and then transferred those funds from
U. S. Treasury accounts into the Fund -- the Government
"provided" money within the meaning of the FCA.
(2)(A)(ii).
I do not understand the Court to have opined on any other
set of facts. The opinion explains that, in making the trans-
fers at issue here, the Government "was not a passive
throughway." Ante, at 152. Rather, the FCC and the
Treasury Department used the power of the Government to
"extrac[t]" money from private carriers. Ibid. The Justice
Department, for its part, "prosecute[d] wrongdoing," and
then obtained settlements and restitution awards. Ibid.
The Court observes that, "[w]ithout the agencies' dunning,"
the money the Government collected would have come later
"or might never have arrived." Ibid. Thus, that "the Gov-
ernment itself generated the moneys it provided" is an es-
sential component of our decision. Ibid. I do not under-
stand us to have resolved whether the Government would
Page Proof Pending Publication
have "provided" money in the relevant sense,
(2)(A)(ii), if it had acted as a "passive throughway"
or a mere "transmitter" or "facilitator," ante, at 152. I
agree with the Court's resolution of the narrow question be-
fore us, and I am pleased to join in full. The remainder of
this opinion considers issues that the Court does not reach.

II
A
The Government's leading theory in this case was that the
FCA applies to E-Rate reimbursement requests because the
Government provides all the money in the Fund. Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae 12 -- 16; Tr. of Oral Arg. 85
(asserting that the United States would "prefer to win on
th[is] ground"). It is undisputed that federal law and the
FCC's implementing regulations require private telecommu-
nications carriers to contribute on a quarterly basis to the
Fund. See 47 U. S. C. ; 47 CFR.706(a) -- (b),
 Cite as: (2025) 159

Thomas, J., concurring

54.709(a). According to the Government, because a federal
statute compels these contributions, the Government "pro-
vides" all the money that private carriers pay. 31 U. S. C.
(2)(A)(ii).
Two Courts of Appeals have considered this argument.
The Seventh Circuit agreed with the Government in the de-
cision below. It observed that, in deciding whether the
FCA applies to alleged fraud aimed at a particular entity,
"courts have asked whether there is a `suffciently close
nexus' between the defrauded entity or program and the fed-
eral government `such that a loss to the former is effectively
a loss to the latter.' " 92 F. 4th 654, 669 (2024). The court
concluded that the "high degree of government involvement
in the E-Rate program demonstrates that such a nexus ex-
ists here." Ibid.
The Fifth Circuit reached the opposite conclusion, holding
that the Government's "broad view" is "unsupported by the
Page Proof Pending Publication
cases interpreting the FCA." United States ex rel. Shupe
v. Cisco Systems, Inc., 759 F. 3d 379, 383 (2014). The Fifth
Circuit explained that courts have traditionally "limited the
FCA's application to instances of fraud that might result in
fnancial loss to the Government." Id., at 385 (internal quo-
tation marks omitted; emphasis added). And, it observed
that courts have declined to extend the FCA's protections to
programs that "do not receive federal funds" and "have too
tenuous of a relationship to the Government to be considered
a Government entity." Id., at 384. While acknowledging
that "the FCC retains some oversight and regulation" over
the Administrative Company, the Fifth Circuit nevertheless
concluded that the FCA's protections do not apply to E-Rate
reimbursement requests because the Administrative Com-
pany is "a private corporation owned by an industry trade
group." Id., at 387.
Critically, both the Fifth and Seventh Circuits recognized
that courts have traditionally interpreted the FCA to cover
fraud against only those defrauded entities that receive fed-
160 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Thomas, J., concurring

eral funding or operate with a "high degree of government
involvement." 92 F. 4th, at 669; see also Shupe, 759 F. 3d,
at 383 -- 385. The courts disagreed about whether the rela-
tionship between the Administrative Company and the Fed-
eral Government is suffciently close. But, neither court
posited that the FCA covers fraud against private entities
that lack both federal funding and a "suffciently close nexus"
with the Federal Government. 92 F. 4th, at 669.
This Court's case law strongly suggests that the FCA does
not cover fraud against purely private entities with purely
private funding sources. We have always assumed that the
FCA does not cover acts directed toward parties that are
not "the Government." Allison Engine Co. v. United States
ex rel. Sanders, -- 670 (2008). We have said
that the purpose of the FCA was "to provide for restitution
to the government of money taken from it by fraud."
Page Proof Pending Publication
United States ex rel. Marcus v. Hess, 
(1943). And, we have repeatedly remarked that the FCA
exists to " `protect the funds and property of the Govern-
ment.' " United States ex rel. Polansky v. Executive Health
Resources, Inc., (2023) ; emphasis added);
see also United States v. McNinch, (1958)
(explaining that Congress enacted the FCA because it
"wanted to stop th[e] plundering of the public treasury");
United States v. Neifert-White Co., (1968)
(explaining that a prior version of the FCA extended to "all
fraudulent attempts to cause the Government to pay out
sums of money" ).
Relying on this understanding of the scope of the FCA,
lower courts have determined that a program does not re-
ceive FCA protections unless it receives money that belongs
to the Government or the Government controls the program.
For example, the Eighth Circuit held that false payment re-
quests submitted to a private trust fund created to fnance a
 Cite as: (2025) 161

Thomas, J., concurring

CERCLA Superfund cleanup project did not qualify as
"claims" under the FCA. Costner v. URS Consultants, Inc.,
153 F. 3d 667, 677 (1998). While recognizing that the funds
might not have existed if the Government had not helped
negotiate the trust fund's creation, the court still held that
the Government did not "provide" the funds because none of
the funds came from the Treasury, the Government did not
have access to the trust fund, and the Government did not
control the trust fund's disbursement. Ibid. Similarly, the
Third Circuit refused to apply the FCA to fraudulent legal
bills submitted for approval to a United States Bankruptcy
Court because the Government itself would not suffer any
fnancial loss. Hutchins v. Wilentz, Goldman & Spitzer, 253
F. 3d 176, 182 -- 184 (2001). The court explained that "the
submission of false claims to the United States government
for approval which do not or would not cause fnancial loss
to the government are not within the purview of the False
Page Proof Pending Publication
Claims Act." Id., at 184. The Fifth Circuit identifed sev-
eral other examples of courts interpreting the FCA in a simi-
lar way. See Shupe, 759 F. 3d, at 384 -- 385 (collecting cases).
In this case, the Government paid scant attention to the
fact that courts historically have not applied the FCA to
cover fraud on nongovernment entities unless the Govern-
ment itself will face a fnancial loss. Assuming that ap-
proach is correct, it is not obvious to me that the Govern-
ment puts its own funds at risk when it requires private
parties to fund the E-Rate program. Ordinary E-Rate con-
tributions come from private carriers. And, if the carrier
contributions are insuffcient to fund the E-Rate program,
the Administrative Company must turn to private sources of
credit -- not the Federal Government -- to remedy any budg-
etary shortfall. See 47 CFR.709(c). It is diffcult for
me to see how the loss of ordinary contributions from carri-
ers is necessarily a loss to the Government.
The political branches chose to separate the program from
the public fsc. That choice was made in part to prevent the
162 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Thomas, J., concurring

E-Rate program from being "turned into a piggy bank which
can be raided" "for budgetary gains." 143 Cong. Rec. 16054
(1997) (statement of Sen. Kerrey); accord, ibid. (statement of
Sen. Daschle). Whatever the merits of that choice, I sus-
pect it might carry consequences for the applicability of the
FCA.
B
Before we accept the Government's theory that the FCA
applies so long as the Government requires one private party
to pay another private party, we ought to grapple with that
argument's implications. If the Government's position is
correct, then the FCA would seem to cover a wide range of
matters until now understood to be outside the scope of the
statute. Consider a few examples.
Federal law authorizes States to withhold federal pay and
retirement benefts "to enforce the legal obligation of the
individual to provide child support." 42 U. S. C..
Page Proof Pending Publication
This law therefore facilitates a payment from one private
party to another. If this Court were to accept that such a
law is all it takes for the Government to "provid[e]" money
under the FCA, then the FCA would seem to cover false or
fraudulent claims made against a recipient of child-support
payments because a request for money is made to an "other
recipient," and the money is spent or used to advance a Gov-
ernment "interest." 31 U. S. C. (2)(A)(ii). But,
applying the FCA in this context would signifcantly expand
the reach of the statute.
Or, consider a civil judgment for money damages entered
by a federal court. The entry of such a judgment has the
effect of requiring a private party to pay a sum of money to
another private party. If this Court were to hold that the
Government "provides" money for FCA purposes so long as
the Federal Government requires a person to pay a sum of
money to someone else, then it seems possible that the FCA
might cover at least some false or fraudulent requests for
money made to a recipient of money damages. The request
 Cite as: (2025) 163

Thomas, J., concurring

would be made to an "other recipient" and, at least in some
instances, money damages might be spent or used "to ad-
vance a Government... interest." (2)(A)(ii).
Another example is the individual mandate component of
the Affordable Care Act, 124 Stat. 119. That provision re-
quires individuals to purchase "minimum essential" health
insurance coverage. 26 U. S. C.. If we were to
accept the Government's broad theory of what it means to
provide money for purposes of the FCA, I am not sure why
the FCA would not cover at least some false or fraudulent
requests for money made to private health insurance compa-
nies whose customers purchased health insurance because of
the individual mandate. A health insurance company ap-
pears to be an "other recipient," and it is at least plausible
that the money health insurers spend on medical care "ad-
vance[s] a Government program or interest." 31 U. S. C.
(2)(A)(ii).
Perhaps the Government can explain why the FCA sweeps
Page Proof Pending Publication
far broader than has been traditionally understood. Or, per-
haps there are meaningful ways to differentiate these exam-
ples or other reasons why the FCA would not apply even if
this Court accepted the Government's broad theory of what
it means to "provide" money under the FCA. But, the Gov-
ernment has not engaged with or appreciated the drastic
consequences that might follow if this Court were to accept
its primary argument.
I express no defnitive view on the merits of the Govern-
ment's broad theory. I simply note that if this question re-
turns to us, we ought to carefully consider what the Govern-
ment's theory might mean for the scope of the FCA.

III
The Government offered this Court another avenue to
fnding that the FCA applies to E-Rate reimbursement re-
quests. It argued that any request for money made to the
Administrative Company qualifes as a "claim" because the
164 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Thomas, J., concurring

Administrative Company is an "agent of the United States."
(2)(A)(i). But, if the Government is correct, then
the E-Rate program would seem to run afoul of the Govern-
ment Corporation Control Act (GCCA), 59 Stat. 597.
The GCCA provides that "[a]n agency may establish or
acquire a corporation to act as an agency only by or under a
law of the United States specifcally authorizing the action."
31 U. S. C.. In other words, the statute "prohibit[s]
[the] creation of new Government corporations without spe-
cifc congressional authorization." Lebron v. National Rail-
road Passenger Corporation, (1995).
The FCC should be familiar with the GCCA. In the Tele-
communications Act of 1996, 110 Stat. 56, Congress directed
the FCC to establish a set of universal service programs.
See 47 U. S. C.. In its frst attempt at carrying out
that statutory command, the FCC instructed the Carrier As-
sociation to create the Administrative Company as an "inde-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pendently functioning not-for-proft subsidiary" that would
"assure signifcant industry-wide representation in the ad-
ministration" of universal service programs. In re Changes
to Bd. of Directors of Nat. Exchange Carrier Assn., Inc., 12
FCC Rcd. 18400, 18401, 18415 (1997). The
FCC also directed the Carrier Association to create two
freestanding corporations to manage the E-Rate program
and another universal service initiative. Id., at 18430 -- 
18431.
Shortly thereafter, a group of Senators inquired whether
the FCC had exceeded its authority when it directed the
Carrier Association to create private corporations. In re-
sponse to these inquiries, the General Accounting Offce
(GAO), known today as the Government Accountability Of-
fce, conducted an investigation. The GAO did not object to
the FCC's use of the Carrier Association as "a neutral third-
party administrator." GAO, Testimony Before the Subcom-
mittee on Telecommunications, Trade and Consumer Protec-
 Cite as: (2025) 165

Thomas, J., concurring

tion, Committee on Commerce, House of Representatives,
TELECOMMUNICATIONS: FCC Lacked Authority To
Create Corporations To Administer Universal Service
Programs 2 (GAO/T -- RCED/OGC -- 98 -- 84, 1998). Nor did
it object to the FCC's instruction to create the Adminis-
trative Company -- the "independently functioning, not-for-
proft subsidiary" of the Carrier Association. 12 FCC
Rcd., at 18415; see GAO Testimony, at 18 -- 20. But, the
GAO did object to the FCC's attempt to create govern-
ment corporations. Id., at 13. The GAO determined that
the FCC had violated the GCCA by attempting to estab-
lish freestanding corporations to manage certain univer-
sal service programs and "act as its agents in carrying
out functions assigned by statute to the [FCC]." Ibid.
In light of this report, Congress instructed the FCC to "pro-
pose a new structure for the implementation of universal
service programs." H. R. Conf. Rep. No. 105 -- 504, p. 87
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1998).
The FCC responded by asking Congress for "specifc stat-
utory authority... to create or designate... one or more
entities, such as the Universal Service Administrative Com-
pany, to administer the federal universal service support
mechanisms." Report in Response to Senate Bill 1768 and
Conference Report on H. R. 3579, 13 FCC Rcd. 11810, 11819
(1998). But, Congress refused the agency's request.
Congress's choice left the FCC with the "independently
functioning" Administrative Company, 12 FCC Rcd., at
18415, but no government corporations to "act as its agents,"
GAO Testimony, at 13. The FCC published a fnal rule ap-
pointing the Administrative Company as the permanent ad-
ministrator of the Universal Service programs. See Final
Rule, Changes to the Board of Directors of the National Ex-
change Carrier Association, Inc., Federal-State Joint Board
on Universal Service, 63 Fed. Reg. 70564 -- 70565, 70572 -- 70573
(1998) (codifed, as amended, at 47 CFR.701).
166 WISCONSIN BELL, INC. v. UNITED STATES ex rel.
HEATH
Thomas, J., concurring

The upshot is that the Administrative Company was origi-
nally understood to be -- and the lawfulness of the E-Rate
program turned upon the Administrative Company being -- 
an independent, nongovernment entity. To this day, Con-
gress has never passed a law approving the Administrative
Company as a government corporation, nor has it authorized
the FCC to formally label the Administrative Company a
subagency. The Government nevertheless contends before
this Court that the Administrative Company is now an agent
of the United States.
Whether the Administrative Company is in fact an agent
of the United States is a complex question that we do not
resolve today. That determination appears to turn on the
kind and degree of control that the FCC exercises over the
Administrative Company. And, those issues are the subject
of another case that this Court will consider soon. See Con-
sumers' Research v. FCC, 109 F. 4th 743 (CA5) (en banc),
cert. granted, (2024). I express no view on
Page Proof Pending Publication
whether the Government's agency argument is correct. I
simply note that if the Government is correct, then it will
need to explain how the E-Rate program's current structure
is compatible with the GCCA. The Government relied on
the independent, nongovernmental nature of the Administra-
tive Company to establish compliance with the GCCA.
Now, the Government asserts that the Administrative Com-
pany is essentially an arm of the FCC. I doubt that the
Government can have it both ways.

IV
The Court resolves this case on a narrow, fact-specifc
ground. In a future case, however, we may need to confront
the Government's other arguments -- namely, that the FCA
applies to funds that private parties pay to other private
parties, and that the Administrative Company is an agent of
the United States. If these issues return to us, I hope we
will carefully consider their consequences.
 Cite as: (2025) 167

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

Justice Kavanaugh, with whom Justice Thomas joins,
concurring.
I join the Court's opinion, which decides a narrow statu-
tory question regarding the scope of the False Claims Act.
That statutory issue arises in the context of a qui tam suit.
The Act's qui tam provisions raise substantial constitutional
questions under Article II. See, e. g., United States ex rel.
Polansky v. Executive Health Resources, Inc., (2023) (Kavanaugh, J., concurring); id., at 449 -- 452
(Thomas, J., dissenting). Those constitutional questions are
not before the Court in this case. But in an appropriate
case, the Court should consider the competing arguments on
the Article II issue.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 321 -- 333

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
February 26, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 321

Syllabus

DEWBERRY GROUP, INC., fka DEWBERRY CAPITAL
CORP. v. DEWBERRY ENGINEERS INC.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fourth circuit
No. 23 -- 900. Argued December 11, 2024 -- Decided February 26, 2025
The federal Lanham Act provides for a prevailing plaintiff to recover the
"defendant's profts" deriving from improper use of a mark. 15 U. S. C.. Dewberry Engineers successfully sued Dewberry Group -- a
competitor real-estate development company -- for trademark infringe-
ment under the Lanham Act. Dewberry Group provides services
needed to generate rental income from properties owned by separately
incorporated affliates. That income goes on the affliates' books; Dew-
berry Group receives only agreed-upon fees. And those fees are appar-
ently set at less than market rates -- the Group has operated at a loss
for decades, surviving only through cash infusions by John Dewberry,
who owns both the Group and the affliates. To refect that "economic
reality," the District Court treated Dewberry Group and its affliates
Page Proof Pending Publication
"as a single corporate entity" for purposes of calculating a profts award.
The District Court thus totaled the affliates' real-estate profts from
the years Dewberry Group infringed, producing an award of nearly $43
million. A divided Court of Appeals panel affrmed that award.
Held: In awarding the "defendant's profts" to the prevailing plaintiff in a
trademark infringement suit under the Lanham Act, a court
can award only profts ascribable to the "defendant" itself. And the
term "defendant" bears its usual legal meaning: the party against whom
relief or recovery is sought -- here, Dewberry Group. The Engineers
chose not to add the Group's affliates as defendants. Accordingly, the
affliates' profts are not the (statutorily disgorgable) "defendant's
profts" as ordinarily understood.
Nor do background principles of corporate law convert the one into
the other. This Court has often read federal statutes to incorporate
such principles. So if corporate law treated all affliated companies as
"a single corporate entity," there could be reason to construe the term
"defendant" in the same vein. See United States v. Bestfoods,. But the usual rule is the opposite. "[I]t is long settled as a
matter of American corporate law that separately incorporated organi-
zations are separate legal units with distinct legal rights and obliga-
tions." Agency for Int'l Development v. Alliance for Open Society
Int'l Inc.,. And that is so even if the entities are
322 DEWBERRY GROUP, INC. v. DEWBERRY ENGINEERS INC.

Syllabus

affliated -- as they are here by virtue of having a common owner.
While a court may in select circumstances "pierc[e] the corporate veil,"
especially to prevent corporate formalities from shielding fraudulent
conduct, Bestfoods, 524 U. S., at 62, Dewberry Engineers admits that it
never tried to make the showing needed for veil-piercing. So the de-
mand to respect corporate formalities remains. And that demand ac-
cords with the Lanham Act's text: The "defendant's profts" are the de-
fendant's profts, not its plus its affliates'.
Dewberry Engineers does not contest these points; it instead argues
that a court may take account of an affliate's profts under a later sen-
tence in the Lanham Act's remedies section: "If the court shall fnd that
the amount of the recovery based on profts is either inadequate or ex-
cessive[,] the court may in its discretion enter judgment for such sum
as the court shall fnd to be just, according to the circumstances.". In the Engineers' view, this so-called "just-sum provision"
enables a court, after frst assessing the "defendant's profts," to deter-
mine that a different fgure better refects the "defendant's true fnancial
gain." Brief for Respondent 24. And at that "second step" of the proc-
ess, the court can consider "as relevant evidence" the profts of related
entities. But the District Court did not rely on the just-sum provision.
It simply treated Dewberry Group and its affliates as a single corporate
Page Proof Pending Publication
entity in calculating the "defendant's profts." And the Fourth Circuit
approved that approach, thinking it justifable in the circumstances to
ignore the corporate separateness of the affliated companies. The just-
sum provision did not come into the analysis and therefore does not
support the $43 million award given.
In remanding this case for a new award proceeding, the Court leaves
a number of questions unaddressed. The Court expresses no view on
whether or how the courts could have used the just-sum provision to
support a profts award; whether or how courts can look behind a de-
fendant's tax or accounting records to consider a defendant's true fnan-
cial gain even without relying on the just-sum provision; and whether
veil-piercing remains an available option. Pp. 326 -- 330.
77 F. 4th 265, vacated and remanded.
Kagan, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Sotomayor,
J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 330.

Thomas G. Hungar argued the cause for petitioner. With
him on the briefs were Helgi C. Walker, Jonathan C. Bond,
Patrick J. Fuster, and Matt Aidan Getz.
Nicholas S. Crown argued the cause for the United States
as amicus curiae in support of neither party. With him on
 Cite as: (2025) 323

Opinion of the Court

the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal Deputy
Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor Gen-
eral Stewart, Daniel Tenny, Laura E. Myron, Farheena
Rasheed, Mai-Trang Dang, and Giulio Yaquinto.
Elbert Lin argued the cause for respondent. With him
on the brief were Stephen P. Demm, David M. Parker,
David N. Goldman, and Arthur E. Schmalz.*
Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
A prevailing plaintiff in a trademark infringement suit is
often entitled to an award of the "defendant's profts." 15
U. S. C.. In making such an award, the District
Court in this case totaled the profts of the named corporate
defendant with those of separately incorporated affliates not
parties to the suit. We hold today that the court erred
in doing so. Under the pertinent statutory provision, the
court could award only profts properly ascribable to the de-
fendant itself.
Page Proof Pending Publication I
The trademark dispute here is between two unrelated
real-estate companies with the word "Dewberry" in their
names.
Dewberry Engineers provides real-estate development
services for commercial entities across the country, and par-
ticularly in several southeastern States. It owns a regis-
tered trademark in the word "Dewberry." That mark gives
Dewberry Engineers certain exclusive rights to use the
"Dewberry" name in offering real-estate services.

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the American
Intellectual Property Law Association by Lauren Keller Katzenellenbo-
gen and Ann M. Mueting; and for the Washington Legal Foundation by
John M. Masslon II and Cory L. Andrews. Megan K. Bannigan, Jared
I. Kagan, and Thomas A. Agnello fled a brief for the International Trade-
mark Association as amicus curiae urging vacatur.
Noel J. Francisco and Jennifer L. Swize fled a brief for Intellectual
Property Scholars as amici curiae urging affrmance.
324 DEWBERRY GROUP, INC. v. DEWBERRY ENGINEERS INC.

Opinion of the Court

Dewberry Group is also a commercial real-estate company
operating in the southeast. Owned by developer John Dew-
berry, it provides services solely to other, separately incorpo-
rated companies in his portfolio (about 30 in all). Each of
those affliates owns a piece of commercial property for lease,
but none has employees to carry out business functions.
That is instead Dewberry Group's role. It affords the affli-
ates the services needed -- fnancial, legal, operational, and
marketing -- to generate rental income from the properties
they own. That income goes on the affliates' books; Dew-
berry Group receives only agreed-upon fees. And those fees
are apparently set at less than market rates. According to
its tax returns, the Group has operated at a loss for decades;
it survives only through occasional cash infusions from John
Dewberry himself. Meanwhile, the affliates -- which, recall,
he also owns -- have racked up tens of millions of dollars in
proft.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The success of John Dewberry's overall business comes
in part from trademark infringement -- specifically, from
Dewberry Group's violation of Dewberry Engineers' trade-
mark rights in the "Dewberry" name. (If that sentence is
confusing -- too darn many Dewberrys -- it is also a good illus-
tration of why trademarks exist: to prevent consumers from
being confused about which company is providing a product
or service.) Dewberry Engineers has sought to defend its
trademark rights against Dewberry Group for nearly two
decades. In 2007, an infringement suit the Engineers
brought against the Group led to a settlement limiting the
latter's use of the word "Dewberry." But a decade or so
later, Dewberry Group reneged on the deal. As part of a
rebranding effort, the Group resumed its use of the "Dew-
berry" name in the marketing and other materials it used to
lease its affliates' properties.
So Dewberry Engineers sued Dewberry Group again, and
won decisively. The action -- brought against Dewberry
Group alone -- alleged trademark infringement and unfair
 Cite as: (2025) 325

Opinion of the Court

competition under the federal Lanham Act, as well as breach
of contract (i. e., the settlement agreement) under state law.
The District Court found Dewberry Group liable on all
counts. It was especially scathing about Dewberry Group's
trademark infringements. Those violations, the court held,
were "intentional, willful, and in bad faith." 2022 WL
1439826, *6 (ED Va., Mar. 2, 2022). Dewberry Group had
encountered "numerous red fags alerting it to the illegality
of its conduct," yet continued to use the trademarked name.
Id., at *2; see id., at *6. Those fndings of willful infringe-
ment, later affrmed by the Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit, are not before us. See 77 F. 4th 265, 289, 291 (2023).
What remains in dispute is the District Court's award of
profts to remedy the infringement. The Lanham Act pro-
vides for a prevailing plaintiff like Dewberry Engineers to
recover the "defendant's profts" deriving from a trademark
violation.. The sole named defendant here is
Page Proof Pending Publication
Dewberry Group. But Dewberry Group, as noted above, re-
ports no profts. See supra, at 324. Rather, the District
Court found, the profts from the Group's illicit conduct (as
from all its services) "show up exclusively on the [property-
owning affliates'] books." 2022 WL 1439826, *9. To refect
that "economic reality," the court decided to treat Dewberry
Group and its affliates "as a single corporate entity" for pur-
poses of calculating a profts award. Id., at *10. If those
companies were viewed separately, the court reasoned, the
"entire Dewberry Group enterprise" would "evade the f-
nancial consequences of its willful, bad faith infringement."
Ibid. By contrast, considering the companies together
would prevent the "unjust enrichment" that the Act was
meant to target. Ibid. The court thus totaled the affli-
ates' real-estate profts from the years Dewberry Group in-
fringed, producing an award of nearly $43 million. See id.,
at *14.
A divided Court of Appeals panel affrmed that award.
Reiterating the " `economic reality' of Dewberry Group's re-
326 DEWBERRY GROUP, INC. v. DEWBERRY ENGINEERS INC.

Opinion of the Court

lationship with its affliates," the majority approved the Dis-
trict Court's treatment of all the companies "as a single cor-
porate entity." 77 F. 4th, at 290. That approach, the majority reasoned, properly
"h[e]ld Dewberry Group to account" for its use of infringing
materials to generate corporate profts. 77 F. 4th, at 293.
It did not matter that the affliates, rather than the Group,
"receive[d] the revenues" earned, given the links among
those companies. Ibid. To hold otherwise, the majority
thought, would give businesses a "blueprint for using corpo-
rate formalities to insulate their infringement from fnancial
consequences." Ibid. Judge Quattlebaum dissented. He
would have held that the District Court had no authority, in
calculating a defendant's profts, to "simply add the revenues
[of] non-parties." Id., at 300.
We granted certiorari, (2024), and we now
vacate the decision below.
II
Page Proof Pending Publication
The statutory text authorizing a profts award for trade-
mark infringement offers no support for the approach the
courts below took. Again, the section of the Lanham Act
addressing remedial issues provides that a plaintiff like Dew-
berry Engineers is "entitled" to "recover [the] defendant's
profts." ; see supra, at 325. The term "defend-
ant" is not specially defned, and thus bears its usual legal
meaning. A "defendant" is "the party against whom relief
or recovery is sought in an action or suit." Black's Law Dic-
tionary 541 (3d ed. 1933). So here the defendant is the en-
tity named in Dewberry Engineers' complaint as liable for
infringing the "Dewberry" trademark. And that entity is
Dewberry Group alone. See App. 1 ("The Plaintiff, Dew-
berry Engineers... fles this Complaint against the Defend-
ant, Dewberry Group"). The Engineers chose not to add the
Group's property-owning affliates as defendants. Accord-
ingly, the affliates' profts are not the (statutorily disgorg-
able) "defendant's profts" as ordinarily understood.
 Cite as: (2025) 327

Opinion of the Court

Nor do background principles of corporate law convert the
one into the other. We have often read federal statutes to
incorporate such principles, on the view that Congress would
not have wanted to displace "bedrock" features of the com-
mon law. United States v. Bestfoods, (1998).
So if corporate law treated all affliated companies as (in the
District Court's phrase) "a single corporate entity," we might
construe the term "defendant" in the same vein -- as sweep-
ing in the named defendant's affliates because they lack a
distinct identity. But in fact the usual rule is the opposite.
"[I]t is long settled as a matter of American corporate law
that separately incorporated organizations are separate legal
units with distinct legal rights and obligations." Agency for
Int'l Development v. Alliance for Open Society Int'l Inc.,
(2020). And that is so even if the entities
are affliated -- as they are here by virtue of having a common
owner. See ibid.; Dole Food Co. v. Patrickson, Page Proof Pending Publication
474 -- 475 (2003). To be sure, the "principle of corporate
separateness" has exceptions: A court may in select circum-
stances "pierc[e] the corporate veil," especially to prevent
corporate formalities from shielding fraudulent conduct.
Bestfoods, 524 U. S., at 62; Dole Food, 538 U. S., at 475. But
Dewberry Engineers, as it admits, never tried to make the
showing needed for veil-piercing. See Brief for Respondent
52,. So the demand to respect corporate formalities re-
mains. And that demand fts hand-in-glove with the Lan-
ham Act's text: Again, the "defendant's profts" are the de-
fendant's profts, not its plus its affliates'.
Dewberry Engineers cannot, and so does not, contest those
points; to defend the decisions below, it must set off on a
different path, involving different statutory language. True
enough, concede the Engineers, that a court has no authority
to "disregard corporate separateness" and order disgorge-
ment of an affliate's profts as the "defendant's" own. Id.,
at 2. But a court, the company says, may take account of
an affliate's profts in another way. Dewberry Engineers
328 DEWBERRY GROUP, INC. v. DEWBERRY ENGINEERS INC.

Opinion of the Court

here invokes a later sentence in the Act's remedies section:
"If the court shall fnd that the amount of the recovery based
on profts is either inadequate or excessive[,] the court may
in its discretion enter judgment for such sum as the court
shall fnd to be just, according to the circumstances.". In the Engineers' view, that so-called just-sum
provision enables a court, after frst assessing the "defend-
ant's profts," to determine that a different fgure better re-
fects the "defendant's true fnancial gain." Id., at 24. And
at that "second step" of the process, the court can consider
"as relevant evidence" the profts of related entities -- for ex-
ample, to see if the defendant diverted some of its earnings
to an affliate's books. Id., at 1, 38. Finally, Dewberry En-
gineers contends that the courts below in fact followed that
approach. In other words, those courts merely considered
the affliates' profts as evidence in assessing Dewberry
Group's "true fnancial gain" under the just-sum provision.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Id., at 40.
But that is not a tenable take on why Dewberry Engineers
got a $43 million award. The District Court did not rely on
the just-sum provision, or suggest that it was departing up
from Dewberry Group's reported profts to refect the com-
pany's true gain. There was no two-step process for decid-
ing on the award, but only a single step: the calculation of
the "defendant's profts." 2022 WL 1439826, *14; see id., at
*9 -- *10. And in making that assessment, the District Court
designated whose profts should count: both Dewberry
Group's and its affliates', because all those companies should
be "treated as a single corporate entity." Ibid. That treat-
ment, by its terms, disregards "corporate formalities" -- and
likewise the "principle of corporate separateness." Dole
Food, 538 U. S., at 476; Bestfoods, 524 U. S., at 62. The
proof, if any more were needed, is in the number the court
arrived at. It was simply the sum of all the Dewberry enti-
ties' real-estate profts for the relevant years. That amount
accords with the idea that Dewberry Group and its affliates
 Cite as: (2025) 329

Opinion of the Court

should be regarded as one -- as in toto the "defendant." But
it conficts with the Engineers' alternative understanding of
what happened below. For a court adopting the Engineers'
view would have had to identify which of the affliates'
profts were properly attributable to Dewberry Group, as
refecting the Group's own gain. And the court could not
plausibly have concluded that all of them were, given (at a
minimum) that the affliates owned the rent-producing prop-
erties. The only way to reach the District Court's wholesale
result was to take a simpler tack: to lump together Dewberry
Group and its affliates as (in the court's own words) a sin-
gle entity.
So too, the Court of Appeals' decision bears no resem-
blance to Dewberry Engineers' description. No more than
the District Court did the Fourth Circuit rely on the just-
sum provision, or on any "second-step" analysis that it en-
ables. The Court of Appeals related, in straightforward
Page Proof Pending Publication
manner, the basis of the District Court's decision: The lower
court, to determine profts, "treated Dewberry Group and its
affliates as a single corporate entity." 77 F. 4th, at 290.
And the appellate court approved that treatment for much
the same reasons the District Court gave -- because of the
"economic reality" of how the Dewberry companies operated
and the fear that "corporate formalities" would otherwise
insulate infringing conduct from any penalty. See ibid.; id.,
at 293; supra, at 325 -- 326. The concern in such circum-
stances is not amiss. But as even the Engineers agree, it
cannot justify ignoring the distinction between a corporate
defendant (i. e., Dewberry Group) and its separately incorpo-
rated affliates. By treating those entities as one and the
same, the courts below approved an award including non-
defendants' profts -- and thus went further than the Lanham
Act permits.
In remanding this case for a new award proceeding, we
leave a number of questions unaddressed. First, we express
no view on Dewberry Engineers' understanding of the just-
330 DEWBERRY GROUP, INC. v. DEWBERRY ENGINEERS INC.

Sotomayor, J., concurring

sum provision. We have concluded only that the courts
below did not invoke that provision to support the $43 mil-
lion award. Whether (or how) they could have used the pro-
vision is not properly before us; still less is whether Dew-
berry Engineers may press its just-sum theory on remand
given forfeiture rules. Second, we also state no view on the
position of the Government respecting when courts, even
without relying on the just-sum provision, can look behind a
defendant's tax or accounting records to consider "the eco-
nomic realities of a transaction" and identify the defendant's
"true fnancial gain." Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 13; see id., at 18 -- 22, 30 -- 34; Tr. of Oral Arg. 36 -- 41.
Again, it is now up to the lower courts to decide whether to
consider the Government's proposals. And third, we offer
no opinion on whether, as raised during oral argument here,
corporate veil-piercing is an available option on remand.
See id., at 77; Brief for Respondent 52,.
All we hold today is that the courts below were wrong to
Page Proof Pending Publication
treat Dewberry Group and its affliates as a single entity in
calculating the "defendant's profts." Dewberry Group is
the sole defendant here, and under that language only its
own profts are recoverable.
We therefore vacate the judgment of the Court of Appeals
and remand the case for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Sotomayor, concurring.
I join in full the Court's opinion, which holds that courts
must respect principles of corporate separateness in calculat-
ing a "defendant's profts" for purposes of the Lanham Act.
See ante, at 327 and this page. Those principles and the Lan-
ham Act's plain text prohibited the lower courts from attribut-
ing to Dewberry Group all the profts of its affliates, absent
veil piercing. See ante, at 326 -- 327. Dewberry Group itself,
however, reports no profts on its tax returns. It has oper-
 Cite as: (2025) 331

Sotomayor, J., concurring

ated at a loss for decades, while its affliates have made tens
of millions in profts with the aid of the Group's trademark-
infringing services. Before the lower courts, Dewberry
Group indicated that its own tax returns should control the
calculation of its profts, meaning that the Group would owe
zero dollars in disgorgement.*
I write separately to underscore that principles of corpo-
rate separateness do not blind courts to economic realities.
Nor do they force courts to accept clever accounting, includ-
ing efforts to obscure a defendant's true fnancial gain
through arrangements with affiliates. To the contrary,
there are myriad ways in which courts might consider ac-
counting arrangements between a defendant and its affliates
in calculating a "defendant's profts." Two examples illus-
trate the point.
First, consider a company that establishes a non-
arm's-length relationship with an affliate that effectively
assigns some portion of its revenues to the latter. For in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
stance, if the company charges below-market rates to its
affliate for infringing services, that arrangement might be
seen as essentially assigning a share of the company's earn-
ings to its affliate in advance. The affliate's profts in that
scenario might bear on what the company itself would have
earned in an arm's-length relationship. Taking account of
such evidence in calculating the company's profts would
likely not transgress corporate formalities or the Lanham
Act's text, so long as the court's focus remained on calculat-
ing "profts properly ascribable to the defendant itself."
Ante, at 323.
This Court, moreover, has long recognized in the tax con-
text that it is possible to account for anticipatory assignment
schemes without contravening principles of corporate sepa-

*See 77 F. 4th 265, 290 (CA4 2023) ("Dewberry Group presented evi-
dence that it `generated zero profts because the Dewberry Group, Inc. tax
entity showed losses on its tax returns' "); 2022 WL 1439826, *9, *13 (ED
Va., Mar. 2, 2022); 10 App. in No. 22 -- 1622 etc. (CA4), pp. 4958 -- 4965.
332 DEWBERRY GROUP, INC. v. DEWBERRY ENGINEERS INC.

Sotomayor, J., concurring

rateness. See, e. g., Commissioner v. Banks, (2005) ("A taxpayer cannot exclude an economic gain
from gross income by assigning the gain in advance to an-
other party"); Commissioner v. Sunnen, 
(1948) (similar); Lucas v. Earl, -- 115 (1930)
(similar). That precedent may provide guidance in calculat-
ing a "defendant's profts" under the Lanham Act when
courts are faced with similar arrangements, " `however skill-
fully devised[,] to prevent [income]... from vesting even for
a second in the man who earned it.' " Banks, 543 U. S.,
at 434 ).
Second, courts calculating disgorgement awards might
consider evidence that a company indirectly received com-
pensation for infringing services through related corporate
entities. For instance, where there is evidence that a com-
pany charged below-market rates for infringing services to
Page Proof Pending Publication
affliates, but a common owner made up the difference via
cash infusions to the company, that evidence may bear on the
company's profts under the Lanham Act. Indeed, such cash
infusions may refect some portion of the profts that the
company would have earned from its infringing services in
an arm's-length relationship. See Brief for United States as
Amicus Curiae 18 -- 19. Again, drawing on such evidence in
calculating a Lanham Act disgorgement award need not im-
permissibly attribute an affliate's profts to the defendant.
This is all to say that principles of corporate separateness
do not force courts to close their eyes to practical realities in
calculating a "defendant's profts." After all, the Lanham Act
itself directs courts to calculate such profts "subject to the
principles of equity." 15 U. S. C.. Those principles,
unsurprisingly, support the view that companies cannot evade
accountability for wrongdoing through creative accounting.
Equity "regards substance rather than form." 2 S. Simons,
Pomeroy's Equity Jurisprudence, p. 40 (5th ed. 1941). And equity demands
 Cite as: (2025) 333

Sotomayor, J., concurring

"the wrongdoer should not proft by his own wrong." Liu
v. SEC, (2020). Congress enacted the Lanham Act, moreover, to
ensure "trademarks [w]ould receive nationally the greatest
protection that can be given them." Park 'N Fly, Inc. v.
Dollar Park & Fly, Inc., (1985). Disgorgement awards play a
leading role in that regime, and the text of the Act forecloses
any claim that Congress looked favorably on easy evasion.
Because this issue was not considered below within the
right framework, the Court today rightly declines to decide
exactly when and how courts may look beyond a defendant's
books in calculating Lanham Act disgorgement awards. See
ante, at 330. In new award proceedings on remand, how-
ever, the lower courts may explore that important issue and
consider reopening the record if appropriate. See Zenith
Radio Corp. v. Hazeltine Research, Inc., 
(1971) ("[A] motion to reopen to submit additional proof is
Page Proof Pending Publication
addressed to [the trial court's] sound discretion"). Courts
must be attentive to practical business realities for our Na-
tion's trademark laws to function, and the Lanham Act gives
courts the power and the duty to do so.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 330, line 4 from bottom: "forbade" is changed to "prohibited"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 1
Pages 73 -- 90

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
May 15, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 73

Syllabus

BARNES, individually and as representative of the
ESTATE OF BARNES, DECEASED v. FELIX et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 1239. Argued January 22, 2025 -- Decided May 15, 2025
Respondent Roberto Felix, Jr., a law enforcement offcer, pulled over Ash-
tian Barnes for suspected toll violations. Felix ordered Barnes to exit
the vehicle, but Barnes began to drive away. As the car began to move
forward, Felix jumped onto its doorsill and fred two shots inside.
Barnes was fatally hit but managed to stop the car. About fve seconds
elapsed between when the car started moving and when it stopped.
Two seconds passed between the moment Felix stepped on the doorsill
and the moment he fred his frst shot.
Barnes's mother sued Felix on Barnes's behalf, alleging that Felix
violated Barnes's Fourth Amendment right against excessive force.
The District Court granted summary judgment to Felix, applying the
Fifth Circuit's "moment-of-threat" rule. The Court of Appeals af-
Page Proof Pending Publication
frmed, explaining that the moment-of-threat rule requires asking only
whether an offcer was "in danger at the moment of the threat that
resulted in [his] use of deadly force." 91 F. 4th 393, 397. Under the
rule, events "leading up to the shooting" are "not relevant." Ibid.
Here, the "precise moment of the threat" was the "two seconds" when
Felix was clinging to a moving car. Id., at 397 -- 398. Because Felix
could then have reasonably believed his life in danger, the panel held,
the shooting was lawful. Id., at 398.
Held: A claim that a law enforcement offcer used excessive force during
a stop or arrest is analyzed under the Fourth Amendment, which re-
quires that the force deployed be objectively reasonable from "the per-
spective of a reasonable offcer on the scene." Graham v. Connor,. The inquiry into the reasonableness of police force re-
quires analyzing the "totality of the circumstances." County of Los
Angeles v. Mendez, -- 428; Tennessee v. Garner,. That analysis demands "careful attention to the facts and circum-
stances" relating to the incident. Graham, 490 U. S., at 396.
Most notable here, the "totality of the circumstances" inquiry has no
time limit. While the situation at the precise time of the shooting will
often matter most, earlier facts and circumstances may bear on how a
reasonable offcer would have understood and responded to later ones.
Prior events may show why a reasonable offcer would perceive other-
74 BARNES v. FELIX

Syllabus

wise ambiguous conduct as threatening, or instead as innocuous.
Plumhoff v. Rickard, well illustrates this point. There,
an offcer's use of deadly force was justifed "at the moment" partly
because of what had transpired in the preceding period. Id., at 777.
The moment-of-threat rule applied below prevents that sort of atten-
tion to context, and thus conficts with this Court's instruction to ana-
lyze the totality of the circumstances. By limiting their view to the
two seconds before the shooting, the lower courts could not take into
account anything preceding that fnal moment. So, for example, they
could not consider the reasons for the stop or the earlier interactions
between the suspect and offcer. And because of that limit, they could
not address whether the fnal two seconds of the encounter would look
different if set within a longer timeframe. A rule like that, which pre-
cludes consideration of prior events in assessing a police shooting, is not
reconcilable with the fact-dependent and context-sensitive approach this
Court has prescribed. A court deciding a use-of-force case cannot re-
view the totality of the circumstances if it has put on chronological
blinders.
The Court does not address a separate question about whether or
how an offcer's own "creation of a dangerous situation" factors into the
reasonableness analysis. The courts below never confronted that issue,
Page Proof Pending Publication
and it was not the basis of the petition for certiorari. Pp. 79 -- 84.
91 F. 4th 393, vacated and remanded.

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Kavanaugh,
J., fled a concurring opinion, in which Thomas, Alito, and Barrett, JJ.,
joined, post, p. 84.

Nathaniel A. G. Zelinsky argued the cause for petitioner.
With him on the briefs were Katherine B. Wellington, Neal
Kumar Katyal, and Adam W. Fomby.
Zoe A. Jacoby argued the cause for the United States as
amicus curiae supporting vacatur and remand. With her
on the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Assistant At-
torney General Clarke, Principal Deputy Assistant Attor-
neys General Argentieri and Boynton, Deputy Solicitor
General Feigin, Thomas Booth, and Teresa Kwong.
Charles L. McCloud argued the cause for respondents.
With him on the brief were Lisa S. Blatt, Peter S. Jorgensen,
 Cite as: (2025) 75

Counsel

Erin M. Sielaff, and Judith Ramsey Saldana. Lanora C.
Pettit, Principal Deputy Solicitor General of Texas, argued
the cause for Texas et al. as amici curiae supporting re-
spondent Felix.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Cato Institute
et al. by Clark M. Neily III, Matthew P. Cavedon, and Michael Z. Fox;
for the Constitutional Accountability Center by Elizabeth B. Wydra, Bri-
anne J. Gorod, David H. Gans, and Brian R. Frazelle; for Current and
Former Law Enforcement Officials by Elizabeth C. Rinehart, Barry
Friedman, Aaron Scherzer, and Josh Parker; for the Due Process Insti-
tute et al. by Douglas E. Litvack and Shana-Tara O'Toole; for the Giffords
Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence et al. by Maureen P. Alger, Emily
J. Born, Douglas N. Letter, Shira Lauren Feldman, Kristen A. Johnson,
Amanda Liverzani, Esther Sanchez-Gomez, and Leigh Rome; for the In-
stitute for American Policing Reform by Chantale Fiebig, Joshua M.
Wesneski, Stephanie Adamakos, and Steven Reiss; for the National Police
Accountability Project by Dana E. Foster; for the National Urban League
et al. by Rachel A. Chung, Janai S. Nelson, Kevin E. Jason, Jin Hee Lee,
and Melissa C. Cassel; for The Rutherford Institute by Angela M. Liu,
Page Proof Pending Publication
John W. Whitehead, and Christopher J. Merken; for the Southern Border
Communities Coalition by Delia Addo-Yobo and Roxanna Altholz; for the
Southern Poverty Law Center by Arthur Ago and Krista A. Dolan; and
for the Texas Civil Rights Project by Daniel N. Guisbond. Raff Melkon-
ian fled a brief for the Color of Change as amicus curiae urging vacatur.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Texas et al. by Ken Paxton, Attorney General of Texas, Brent Webster,
First Assistant Attorney General, Aaron L. Nielson, Solicitor General,
Lanora C. Pettit, Principal Deputy Solicitor General, Kateland R. Jack-
son, Assistant Solicitor General, and Brendan A. Fugere, Assistant Attor-
ney General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective States as
follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Chris Carr
of Georgia, Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Liz Mur-
rill of Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Austin Knudsen of Montana,
Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Drew Wrigley of North Dakota, Alan
Wilson of South Carolina, Marty Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan Skr-
metti of Tennessee, and Jason Miyares of Virginia; for the Los Angeles
County Police Chiefs' Association by J. Scott Tiedemann and David A.
Urban; for the National Fraternal Order of Police by Larry H. James; for
the National Police Association et al. by Jeffrey C. Hendrickson and Rob-
ert S. Lafferrandre; for the Peace Offcers Research Association of Califor-
76 BARNES v. FELIX

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
A police offcer's use of deadly force violates the Fourth
Amendment when it is not "objectively reasonable." Gra-
ham v. Connor, (1989). And that inquiry
into reasonableness, we have held, requires assessing the
"totality of the circumstances." Id., at 396 ).
The question here is whether that framework permits
courts, in evaluating a police shooting (or other use of force),
to apply the so-called moment-of-threat rule used in the
courts below. Under that rule, a court looks only to the cir-
cumstances existing at the precise time an offcer perceived
the threat inducing him to shoot. Today, we reject that
approach as improperly narrowing the requisite Fourth
Amendment analysis. To assess whether an offcer acted
reasonably in using force, a court must consider all the rele-
vant circumstances, including facts and events leading up to
Page Proof Pending Publication
the climactic moment.
I
On the afternoon of April 28, 2016, Roberto Felix, Jr., a
law enforcement offcer patrolling a highway outside Hous-
ton, received a radio alert about an automobile on the road
with outstanding toll violations. Felix soon spotted the car,
a Toyota Corolla, and turned on his emergency lights to initi-
ate a traffc stop. The driver, Ashtian Barnes, pulled over
to the highway's shoulder.

nia et al. by Timothy K. Talbot, Michael A. Morguess, and David E. Mas-
tagni; and for the Texas Municipal League Intergovernmental Risk Pool
et al. by Laura O'Leary and Francisco J. Valenzuela.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the California State Sheriffs' Asso-
ciation et al. by James R. Touchstone and Scott Wm. Davenport; for the
National Sheriffs' Association by Gregory C. Champagne and Maurice E.
Bostick; for Restore the Fourth, Inc., by Mahesha P. Subbaraman; for the
Wisconsin Coalition of Law Enforcement et al. by Remzy D. Bitar; and
for Seth W. Stoughton by J. Carl Cecere.
 Cite as: (2025) 77

Opinion of the Court

Parking his own car just behind, Felix walked to the Co-
rolla's driver-side door and asked Barnes for his license and
proof of insurance. Barnes replied that he did not have his
license with him, and that the car was a rental in his girl-
friend's name. As he spoke, Barnes rummaged through
some papers inside the car, causing Felix to tell him several
times to stop "digging around." Felix also commented that
he smelled marijuana, and asked if there was anything in the
car he should know about. Barnes responded that he might
have some identifcation in the trunk. So Felix told him to
open the trunk from his seat. Barnes did so, while also
turning off the ignition. All that happened (as a dashcam
recording of the incident shows) in less than two minutes.
Then things began moving even faster. With his right
hand resting on his holster, Felix told Barnes to get out of
the car. Barnes opened the door but did not exit; instead,
he turned the ignition back on. Felix unholstered his gun
Page Proof Pending Publication
and, as the car began to move forward, jumped onto its door-
sill. He twice shouted, "Don't fucking move." And with no
visibility into the car (because his head was above the roof),
he fred two quick shots inside. Barnes was hit, but man-
aged to stop the car. Felix then radioed for back-up. By
the time it arrived, Barnes was dead. All told, about fve
seconds elapsed between when the car started moving and
when it stopped. And within that period, two seconds
passed between the moment Felix stepped on the doorsill
and the moment he fred his frst shot.
Barnes's mother, Janice Barnes, sued Felix on her son's
behalf. The suit, brought under 42 U. S. C., alleged
that Felix had violated Ashtian Barnes's Fourth Amendment
rights by using excessive force against him.
The District Court granted summary judgment to Felix.
The court explained that to prevail on her claim, Mrs. Barnes
needed to show that Felix's use of force was "objectively un-
reasonable." 532 F. Supp. 3d 463, 468 (SD Tex. 2021). In
78 BARNES v. FELIX

Opinion of the Court

the usual excessive-force case, the court noted, the inquiry
into reasonableness would involve considering a variety of
circumstances. See id., at 468 -- 469. But when an offcer
has used deadly force, the court continued, "the Fifth Circuit
has developed a much narrower approach." Id., at 469.
Then, a court could ask only about the situation existing "at
the moment of the threat" that sparked the fatal shooting.
Ibid. ; emphasis in original). The District Court identifed
that moment as "the two seconds before Felix fred his frst
shot," when he was standing on the doorsill of a moving vehi-
cle. 532 F. Supp. 3d, at 471. At that moment, the court
found, an offcer could reasonably think himself "at risk of
serious harm." Id., at 472. And under the Fifth Circuit's
rule, that fact alone concluded the analysis. The court ex-
plained that it could not consider "what had transpired up
until" those last two seconds, including Felix's decision to
Page Proof Pending Publication
jump onto the sill. Id., at 471. Although a "more robust
examination" might have aided in assessing the reasonable-
ness of the shooting, the court was "duty bound" by "Circuit
precedent" to "limit[ its] focus" to the "exact moment Felix
was hanging onto Barnes's" moving car. Id., at 472.
The Court of Appeals affrmed, explaining that it too was
"[b]ound" by "this Circuit's moment of threat doctrine." 91
F. 4th 393, 394, 397 (2024). Under that rule, the panel
agreed, the "inquiry is confned to whether the offcer" was
"in danger at the moment of the threat that resulted in [his]
use of deadly force." Id., at 397. Any prior events "leading
up to the shooting," including actions the offcer took, were
simply "not relevant." Ibid. ). And here, as the District Court
found, the "precise moment of the threat" was the "two sec-
onds" when Felix was clinging to a moving car. 91 F. 4th,
at 397 -- 398. Because Felix could then have reasonably be-
lieved his life in danger, the panel concluded, his decision to
 Cite as: (2025) 79

Opinion of the Court

shoot "did not violate Barnes's constitutional rights." Id.,
at 398.
In a concurring opinion, Judge Higginbotham (who also
authored the panel opinion) expressed "concern" with the
Fif th Circuit's moment-of-threat doctrine. Ibid. He
thought that rule inconsistent with this Court's directive to
assess the reasonableness of an offcer's use of force, includ-
ing deadly force, by "look[ing] to the totality of circum-
stances." Id., at 399. Under the totality approach, Judge
Higginbotham wrote, a court could consider not just the
"precise millisecond" when an offcer deploys force, but ev-
erything that "ha[d] transpired up until" that time. Ibid.
And with that wider focus, Judge Higginbotham would have
found that Felix's shooting of Barnes was unreasonable.
See id., at 401.
We granted certiorari to address whether, in resolving
Fourth Amendment excessive-force claims, courts may apply
Page Proof Pending Publication
the moment-of-threat rule just described. See 
(2024). We hold they may not because that rule con-
stricts the proper inquiry into the " totality of the
circumstances."
II
A claim that a law enforcement offcer used excessive force
during a stop or arrest is "analyzed under the Fourth
Amendment." Graham, 490 U. S., at 395; see Amdt. 4
(applying to "seizures" of "persons"). The "touchstone of
the Fourth Amendment is `reasonableness,' " as measured in
objective terms. Brigham City v. Stuart, 
(2006). So the question in a case like this one, as this Court
has often held, is whether the force deployed was justifed
from "the perspective of a reasonable offcer on the scene,"
taking due account of both the individual interests and the
governmental interests at stake. Graham, 490 U. S., at 396;
County of Los Angeles v. Mendez, (2017).
80 BARNES v. FELIX

Opinion of the Court

That inquiry into the reasonableness of police force re-
quires analyzing the "totality of the circumstances." Id., at
427 -- 428; Garner, 471 U. S., at 9. There is no "easy-to-apply
legal test" or "on/off switch" in this context. Scott v.
Harris, -- 383 (2007). Rather, the Fourth
Amendment requires, as we once put it, that a court "slosh
[its] way through" a "factbound morass." Id., at 383. Or
said more prosaically, deciding whether a use of force was
objectively reasonable demands "careful attention to the
facts and circumstances" relating to the incident, as then
known to the offcer. Graham, 490 U. S., at 396. For exam-
ple, the "severity of the crime" prompting the stop can carry
weight in the analysis. See ibid.; Garner, 471 U. S., at 11.
So too can actions the offcer took during the stop, such as
giving warnings or otherwise trying to control the encoun-
ter. See id., at 12; Kingsley v. Hendrickson, (2015). And the stopped person's conduct is always rele-
Page Proof Pending Publication
vant because it indicates the nature and level of the threat
he poses, either to the offcer or to others. See ibid.; Gra-
ham, 490 U. S., at 396.
Most notable here, the "totality of the circumstances" in-
quiry into a use of force has no time limit. Of course, the
situation at the precise time of the shooting will often be
what matters most; it is, after all, the offcer's choice in that
moment that is under review. But earlier facts and circum-
stances may bear on how a reasonable offcer would have
understood and responded to later ones. Or as the Federal
Government puts the point, those later, "in-the-moment"
facts "cannot be hermetically sealed off from the context in
which they arose." Brief for United States as Amicus Cu-
riae 14. Taking account of that context may beneft either
party in an excessive-force case. Prior events may show,
for example, why a reasonable offcer would have perceived
otherwise ambiguous conduct of a suspect as threatening.
Or instead they may show why such an offcer would have
perceived the same conduct as innocuous. The history of
 Cite as: (2025) 81

Opinion of the Court

the interaction, as well as other past circumstances known
to the offcer, thus may inform the reasonableness of the use
of force.
The Court's decision in Plumhoff v. Rickard, 
(2014), well illustrates the point. The excessive-force claim
there concerned the fatal shooting of a driver at the end of
a "dangerous car chase" lasting more than fve minutes. Id.,
at 768. The driver had sped away from a traffc stop on a
well-used road, and tried to outrun as many as six police
cruisers at speeds sometimes exceeding 100 miles per hour.
Eventually, the feeing car ran into one of the cruisers and
came "to a near standstill." Id., at 776. The driver,
though, still tried to escape, pumping the gas in a way that
sent his wheels "spinning" and then putting the car into re-
verse. Ibid. At that point, one of the offcers fred several
shots into the car. In a suit brought against the offcer, the
driver's daughter contended that those shots were taken
Page Proof Pending Publication
when the chase was "already over." Id., at 777. But this
Court rejected that claim based on everything that had hap-
pened during the incident -- the driver's "outrageously reck-
less" behavior over the prior "fve minutes," as well as his
last-second efforts to again take fight. Id., at 776. Given
all of those events, the Court explained, a reasonable offcer
would have concluded that the driver was "intent on resum-
ing" his getaway and, if allowed to do so, would "again pose
a deadly threat for others." Id., at 777. In short, the
shooting was justifed "at the moment" it occurred partly
because of what had transpired in the preceding period.
Ibid.
The moment-of-threat rule applied in the courts below pre-
vents that sort of attention to context, and thus conficts with
this Court's instruction to analyze the totality of the circum-
stances. Recall that the District Court and Fifth Circuit
limited their view to the two seconds before the shooting,
after Felix had stepped onto the doorsill of Barnes's car. See
supra, at 78 -- 79. Those courts believed that, under Fifth
82 BARNES v. FELIX

Opinion of the Court

Circuit precedent, they could not take into account anything
preceding that fnal moment. See 532 F. Supp. 3d, at 471
(excluding analysis of "what had transpired up until the
shooting itself "); 91 F. 4th, at 397 (agreeing that "actions
leading up to the shooting are not relevant"). So, for exam-
ple, they could not consider the reasons for the stop or the
earlier conduct of, and interactions between, the suspect and
offcer. And because of that limit, they could not address
whether the fnal two seconds of the encounter would look
different if set within a longer timeframe. It is as though
the Court in Plumhoff could consider only the instant when
the chased car was at a "near standstill," and not the earlier
time when it zigzagged down a busy roadway at speed. 572
U. S., at 776. To be sure, historical facts will not often mat-
ter as much as they did there to the reasonableness analysis.
See supra, at 81. And some of those facts may not be rele-
vant at all. But no rule that precludes consideration of
Page Proof Pending Publication
prior events in assessing a police shooting is reconcilable
with the fact-dependent and context-sensitive approach we
have prescribed. A court deciding a use-of-force case can-
not review the totality of the circumstances if it has put on
chronological blinders.
That point is so evident that not even Felix quarrels with
it; his defense of the decisions below instead relies on taking
a different view of their meaning and of the question they
raise. First, the agreement with what we have said: Yes,
Felix acknowledges, prior events are not "off limits" in the
reasonableness inquiry, for they may "inform the perspective
of the reasonable offcer." Tr. of Oral Arg. 79; Brief for Re-
spondent 2. Just so. But now the divergence: According to
Felix, the courts below acted consistently with that all-times-
considered principle. The Fifth Circuit's moment-of-threat
doctrine, Felix argues, in fact allows courts to assess many
pre-shooting facts and circumstances -- and courts applying it
often do so. See id., at 20. All that the doctrine bars is a single kind of in-
 Cite as: (2025) 83

Opinion of the Court

quiry -- into whether an offcer's earlier error itself "created
the need for deadly force." Id., at 21; see Tr. of Oral Arg.
53. And on that issue, Felix submits, the Fifth Circuit is
right: "[A]n offcer doesn't lose his right to defend himself
just because" he previously "made a mistake." Ibid.
But whatever might be said of Fifth Circuit law generally,
the decisions below applied a rule about timing. As shown
above, both lower courts took pains to explain that, in evalu-
ating the shooting's reasonableness, they could look only to
a two-second snippet of the encounter. See supra, at 78 -- 79.
And because that was the reasoning in the case before us,
that is the reasoning we must address. It could make no
difference to our decision here if the Fifth Circuit in other
cases eschewed a strict time limit, as Felix claims. And
anyway, we are not sure Felix correctly describes the overall
state of Fifth Circuit law. Consider Harris v. Serpas -- a
Fifth Circuit decision relied on below. See 91 F. 4th, at 397.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The court there noted the plaintiffs' recital of several histori-
cal facts -- actions of both the suspect and the offcer in the
period prior to the shooting. See 745 F. 3d, at 772. And
the court recognized that this Court's decisions directed an
inquiry into the "the `totality of the circumstances.' " Ibid.. But then came the fol-
lowing: "This [Circuit], however, has narrowed that test" in
deadly force cases, holding that the inquiry there is "confned
to whether the [offcer] was in danger at the moment of the
threat that resulted in the [offcer's] shooting." Ibid. (alter-
ations in original). The problem with the statement is ap-
parent. As we have explained, a court cannot thus "narrow"
the totality-of-the-circumstances inquiry, to focus on only a
single moment. It must look too, in this and all excessive-
force cases, at any relevant events coming before.
We do not address here the different question Felix raises
about use-of-force cases: whether or how an offcer's own "cre-
ation of a dangerous situation" factors into the reasonableness
analysis. Brief for Respondent 22; see supra, at 82 -- 83.
84 BARNES v. FELIX

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

As in another of our recent Fourth Amendment cases, that
issue is not properly before us. See Mendez, 581 U. S., at
429, n. The courts below never confronted the issue, pre-
cisely because their inquiry was so time-bound. In looking
at only the two seconds before the shot, they excluded from
view any actions of the offcer that allegedly created the dan-
ger necessitating deadly force. See supra, at 78 -- 79. So, to
use the obvious example, the courts below did not address
the relevance, if any, of Felix stepping onto the doorsill of
Barnes's car. And because they never considered that issue,
it was not the basis of the petition for certiorari. The
question presented to us was one of timing alone: whether
to look only at the encounter's fnal two seconds, or also to
consider earlier events serving to put those seconds in
context.
With that matter resolved, we return everything else to
the courts below. It is for them now to consider the reason-
ableness of the shooting, using the lengthier timeframe we
Page Proof Pending Publication
have prescribed.
Accordingly, we vacate the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals and remand the case for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Kavanaugh, with whom Justice Thomas, Jus-
tice Alito, and Justice Barrett join, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion. I agree that the offcer's ac-
tions during the traffc stop in this case should be assessed
based on the totality of the circumstances. I write sepa-
rately to add a few points about the dangers of traffc stops
for police offcers, particularly when as here the driver pulls
away in the midst of the stop.
Even for routine traffic violations, traffic stops are
"fraught with danger to police offcers." Michigan v. Long,
(1983). An "inordinate risk confront[s]
an offcer as he approaches a person seated in an automo-
 Cite as: (2025) 85

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

bile." Pennsylvania v. Mimms, (1977)
(per curiam). That is in part because offcers operate at a
"tactical disadvantage" when "approaching an unknown ve-
hicle, with limited visibility and unpredictable threats."
Brief for National Fraternal Order of Police as Amicus Cu-
riae 4. As this Court noted nearly 50 years ago, "a signif-
cant percentage of murders of police offcers occurs when the
offcers are making traffc stops." Mimms, 434 U. S., at 110
). Traffc stops remain highly dangerous today. See
Dept. of Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Law En-
forcement Offcers Killed and Assaulted, 2023 (2024) (Table
27). On April 8, 2023, two offcers were shot and killed at
an intersection in Cameron, Wisconsin, after stopping a car
for a warrant and welfare check on the driver.1 On Decem-
ber 8, 2024, an offcer was shot and killed after he pulled
over a pickup truck with expired license plates in a Super 8
motel parking lot in Terrell, Texas. See Brief for State of
Page Proof Pending Publication
Texas et al. as Amici Curiae 1, and. The list goes on
and on.2
Offcers cannot let their guard down and assume that any
particular traffc stop will be safe -- even if a driver is pulled
over for nothing more than a speeding violation, a broken
taillight, or the like. The driver may be drunk, on drugs,
armed, or some combination thereof. Or the driver may
have committed (or may be about to commit) a serious crime.
"People detained for minor offenses" such as ordinary traffc
violations "can turn out to be the most devious and danger-
1
See Offcer Down Memorial Page, Police Offcer Emily Ann Breidenbach,
https://www.odmp.org/officer/26693-police-officer-emily-ann-breidenbach;
Offcer Down Memorial Page, Police Offcer Hunter Timothy Scheel, https://
www.odmp.org/offcer/26694-police-offcer-hunter-timothy-scheel.
2
To be sure, offcers sometimes use excessive force during traffc stops.
When that happens, offcers of course should be held to account for their
actions. See Brief for Current and Former Law Enforcement Offcials as
Amici Curiae 22; Brief for California State Sheriffs' Association et al. as
Amici Curiae 10.
86 BARNES v. FELIX

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

ous criminals." Florence v. Board of Chosen Freeholders of
County of Burlington, (2012). Timothy
McVeigh, the man responsible for the 1995 Oklahoma City
bombing, was stopped for a missing license plate, which ulti-
mately led to his apprehension for the bombing. See ibid.
Likewise, serial killer Ted Bundy was pulled over based on
a stolen-vehicle alert in Pensacola, Florida. When informed
that he was under arrest, Bundy kicked the offcer's legs out
from under him, and the two struggled over the offcer's gun
before the offcer was able to subdue and arrest Bundy. See
Bundy v. Dugger, 850 F. 2d 1402, 1422 (CA11 1988); see
also Brief for State of Texas et al. as Amici Curiae 11 -- 12,
and.
So even though most traffc stops end without incident,
traffc stops are nonetheless inherently risky for police off-
cers. And when, as in this case, the driver suddenly pulls
away in the midst of a stop, the risks multiply. A driver
Page Proof Pending Publication
speeding away from a traffc stop could easily endanger by-
standers and other drivers -- especially if the feeing driver
is under the infuence of alcohol or drugs, as might well be
the case when a driver fees. Moreover, the very "fact that
a suspect fees when suspected of a minor offense," such as
speeding or a failure to pay tolls, "could well be indicative of
a larger danger." Lange v. California, 
(2021) (Roberts, C. J., concurring in judgment). Fleeing
from the traffc stop could suggest that the driver is prepar-
ing to commit or has committed a more serious crime -- and
is attempting to evade detection or arrest. The driver may
have illegal drugs or an illegal gun in the car. Or the driver
may be unlawfully in the country and fear removal if appre-
hended. He might have a warrant out for his arrest. He
could have an abducted child in the car. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
18. Or as the tragic 2025 New Year's terrorist attack in
New Orleans illustrates, the driver might intend to use the
car as a weapon. See id., at 24.
 Cite as: (2025) 87

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

The possibilities are many. But the key point is a com-
monsense one: A driver who speeds away from a traffc stop
can pose signifcant dangers to both the offcer and the sur-
rounding community.
The question when a driver fees, therefore, is not merely
whether the underlying traffc violation "presents risks to
public safety" -- it is also "whether fight," and what that
fight might indicate or enable, "does so." Lange, 594 U. S.,
at 331 (Roberts, C. J., concurring in judgment). In those
circumstances, in other words, it is not only the "severity of
the crime" that prompted the stop that is relevant to the
"totality of the circumstances" inquiry. Graham v. Connor,
(1989) (quotation marks omitted). The
Fourth Amendment analysis must also take account of the
suspect's attempt "to evade" the offcer "by fight." Ibid.
What should the offcer do when a driver fees from a traf-
fc stop? There are no easy or risk-free answers. Every
Page Proof Pending Publication
feasible option poses some potential danger to the offcer, the
driver, or the public at large -- and often to all three. And
an offcer in that situation must make a split-second choice
among those various dangerous options.
First, the offcer could simply let the driver go. But be-
cause the feeing driver might be a threat to the community,
letting the driver go may exacerbate the dangers, rather
than mitigate them. Encouraging offcers to stand back and
allow drivers to take off would also create "perverse incen-
tives" for those who are stopped by the police. Scott v. Har-
ris, (2007). If doing nothing in response
to a feeing driver became a known and regular practice
among police offcers, that would presumably embolden some
drivers who otherwise might have thought twice about tak-
ing off.
Of course, the offcer could let the driver go in the moment
but then attempt to catch the driver by, for example, track-
ing the car's license plate or reviewing surveillance footage.
See Tr. of Oral Arg. 8. But after letting the driver go, the
88 BARNES v. FELIX

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

police may not be able to later track down the car or the
driver of the car. Even if the police are able to do so, the
escaped driver may pose a serious risk to the public in the
interim. And given that the driver has already shown a
propensity to evade law enforcement by feeing a traffc stop,
attempting to execute an arrest upon fnding the driver could
itself be dangerous for the police and others.
Second, the offcer could get back in his police car and give
chase, or could radio other offcers to pursue the driver. But
a high-speed chase likewise can be exceptionally dangerous
to the offcer, the driver, and others on the road. "Vehicular
pursuits" are "often catastrophic." Lange, 594 U. S., at 324
(Roberts, C. J., concurring in judgment). Many real-world
examples demonstrate as much. Plumhoff v. Rickard in-
volved a " `dangerous car chase' " in which the driver "tried
to outrun as many as six police cruisers at speeds sometimes
exceeding 100 miles per hour," ending in the "fatal shooting"
of the driver. Ante, at 81 ).
Page Proof Pending Publication
In Scott v. Harris, multiple police cars "with blue lights
fashing and sirens blaring" chased the driver "for nearly 10
miles" while "he ignored their warning to stop," culminating
in an offcer ramming the driver off the road. 550 U. S., at
384. Moreover, a recent study concluded that a signifcant
percentage of those killed in police chases are not the feeing
drivers but rather are passengers or bystanders. From
2017 through 2022, more than 500 bystanders were report-
edly killed as a result of police chases.3
Third, the offcer might try to shoot out the tires of the
feeing car, or otherwise try to hinder the car's movement,
in order to bring it to a stop. But shooting at a car, espe-
cially its tires, can be "dangerous" and is often "ineffective." 4

3
See S. Neilson, J. Gollan, & J. Haseman, First-of-Its-Kind Database:
Majority of People Killed in Police Chases Aren't the Fleeing Drivers, San
Francisco Chronicle (Feb. 2024).
4
Los Angeles County Sheriff's Dept., Field Operations Support Services
Newsletter: 15 -- 14 -- Shooting at Vehicle Tires (2025).
 Cite as: (2025) 89

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

Even if the offcer manages to hit the tires, the driver could
lose control and crash into others on the road. That course
of action also poses the risk of the offcer accidentally shoot-
ing the driver or innocent passengers.
Fourth, as happened here, the offcer could attempt to stop
the feeing driver at the outset by jumping on or reaching
into the car. The dangerousness of that option is readily
apparent. Perhaps the driver will hit the brakes once he
realizes an offcer is clinging to the car or attempting to
reach through the window. But if the driver does not slow
down, then the offcer may suffer serious and perhaps fatal
injuries. The offcer could try to fre his weapon to incapaci-
tate the driver and bring the car safely to a stop. But the
car may be just as likely to go careening into traffc, thereby
threatening the safety of the offcer, other drivers, passen-
gers, pedestrians, and more.
I could go on. The point here is that when a driver
Page Proof Pending Publication
abruptly pulls away during a traffc stop, an offcer has no
particularly good or safe options. None of the options avail-
able to the offcer avoids danger to the community, and all
of them require life-or-death decisions that must be made
in a few seconds in highly stressful and unpredictable
circumstances.
Of course, when an offcer uses force against a feeing
driver, the judiciary still must assess any resulting Fourth
Amendment claim under the standard of objective reason-
ableness. Under this Court's precedents, that inquiry in-
volves "a careful balancing of `the nature and quality of the
intrusion on the individual's Fourth Amendment interests'
against the countervailing governmental interests at stake."
Graham, 490 U. S., at 396 ). In conducting that analysis, judges should
keep in mind that it is one thing to dissect and scrutinize an
offcer's actions with the "20/20 vision of hindsight," "in the
peace of a judge's chambers." Graham, 490 U. S., at 396
(quotation marks omitted). It is quite another to make
90 BARNES v. FELIX

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

"split-second judgments" on the ground, "in circumstances
that are tense, uncertain, and rapidly evolving." Id., at 397.
In analyzing the reasonableness of an offcer's conduct at a
traffc stop, particularly traffc stops where the driver has
suddenly pulled away, courts must appreciate the extraordi-
nary dangers and risks facing police offcers and the commu-
nity at large.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 73, line 18 from bottom: "the" is inserted before "threat"
p. 73, line 11 from bottom: "at" is changed to "on"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 1
Pages 280 -- 302

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 5, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
280 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC., et al. v. ESTADOS
UNIDOS MEXICANOS

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the rst circuit
No. 23 -- 1141. Argued March 4, 2025 -- Decided June 5, 2025
The Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA) bars certain
lawsuits against manufacturers and sellers of frearms. As relevant, it
provides that a "qualifed civil liability action... may not be brought in
any Federal or State court," 15 U. S. C., and defnes that term
to include a "civil action or proceeding" against a frearms manufacturer
or seller stemming from "the criminal or unlawful misuse" of a frearm
by "a third party," (A). But PLCAA's general bar on these
suits has an exception, usually called the predicate exception, relevant
here. That exception applies to lawsuits in which the defendant manu-
facturer or seller "knowingly violated a State or Federal statute applica-
ble to the sale or marketing" of frearms, and the "violation was a proxi-
mate cause of the harm for which relief is sought." (A)(iii).
Page Proof Pending Publication
The predicate violation PLCAA demands may come from aiding and
abetting someone else's frearms offense. PLCAA itself lists as exam-
ples two ways in which aiding and abetting qualifes -- when a gun manu-
facturer (or seller) aids and abets another person in making a false state-
ment about a gun sale's legality or in making specifed criminal sales.
See (A)(iii)(I) -- (II). And more broadly, because federal law
provides that whoever "aids [and] abets" a federal crime "is punishable
as a principal," 18 U. S. C., a gun manufacturer that aids and abets
a federal gun crime may itself commit a PLCAA predicate violation.
Here, the Government of Mexico sued seven American gun manufac-
turers, alleging that the companies aided and abetted unlawful gun sales
that routed frearms to Mexican drug cartels. The basic theory of its
suit is that the defendants failed to exercise "reasonable care" to prevent
traffcking of their guns into Mexico, and so are responsible for the
harms arising there from the weapons' misuse. That theory implicates
PLCAA's general prohibition, so the complaint tries to plead its way
into the predicate exception. It alleges that the manufacturers were
"willful accessories" in unlawful gun sales by retail gun dealers, which
in turn enabled Mexican criminals to acquire guns. And it sets out
three kinds of allegations relating to how the manufacturers aided and
abetted retailers' unlawful sales: The manufacturers allegedly (1) supply
frearms to retail dealers whom they know illegally sell to Mexican gun
 Cite as: (2025) 281

Syllabus

traffckers; (2) have failed to impose the kind of controls on their distri-
bution networks that would prevent illegal sales to Mexican traffckers;
and (3) make "design and marketing decisions" intended to stimulate
cartel members' demand for their products. The District Court dis-
missed the complaint, but the First Circuit reversed, fnding Mexico had
plausibly alleged that defendants aided and abetted illegal frearms
sales.
Held: Because Mexico's complaint does not plausibly allege that the de-
fendant gun manufacturers aided and abetted gun dealers' unlawful
sales of firearms to Mexican traffickers, PLCAA bars the lawsuit.
Pp. 291 -- 299.
(a) Federal aiding-and-abetting law refects the view that a person
may be responsible for a crime he has not personally carried out if he
deliberately helps another complete its commission. To aid and abet a
crime, a person must take an affrmative act in furtherance of the of-
fense and intend to facilitate its commission -- or as Judge Learned Hand
stated these requisites, must "participate in" a crime "as in something
that he wishes to bring about" and "seek by his action to make it suc-
ceed." United States v. Peoni, 100 F. 2d 401, 402. In elaborating on
that demand, this Court has developed several ancillary principles.
Page Proof Pending Publication
First, aiding and abetting is most commonly liability for specifc wrong-
ful acts, though broader liability for a category of misconduct is possible
if a wrongdoer's participation is correspondingly "pervasive, systemic,
and culpable." Twitter, Inc. v. Taamneh,. Second,
aiding and abetting usually requires misfeasance rather than non-
feasance: Absent an independent duty to act, failures, omissions, or
inactions will rarely support liability. And third, routine and general
activity that happens on occasion to assist crime -- in essence, inciden-
tally -- is unlikely to count as aiding and abetting. Thus, for instance, an
ordinary merchant does not become liable for criminal misuse of her
goods simply by knowing that, in some fraction of cases, misuse will occur.
Two of this Court's cases illustrate these principles. In Direct Sales
Co. v. United States, the Court held that a mail-order
pharmacy could be convicted for assisting a small-town doctor's illegal
distribution of narcotics. The pharmacy sold the doctor massive quanti-
ties of morphine (5,000 to 6,000 half-grain tablets monthly versus the
typical physician's 400 quarter-grain tablets annually), actively stimu-
lated his purchases through special discounts and high-pressure sales
methods, and continued these practices despite law enforcement warn-
ings. All this showed that the pharmacy not only knew of and acqui-
esced in the doctor's illicit enterprise but "join[ed] both mind and hand
with him to make its accomplishment possible." Id., at 713. By con-
282 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Syllabus

trast, in Twitter, the Court dismissed aiding-and-abetting claims against
social-media companies for aiding and abetting a terrorist attack carried
out by ISIS. Although the plaintiffs there alleged that ISIS supporters
used the companies' platforms for recruiting and fundraising, and that
the companies knew this but failed to adequately remove ISIS content,
that was not enough to make the companies liable for ISIS's terrorist
acts. At most, the plaintiffs alleged that the companies provided their
platforms for general use, then "stood back and watched" as ISIS mis-
used them. 598 U. S., at 499. And more was needed for a provider of
generally available goods and services to be liable for a customer's misuse
of them -- for example, conduct of the kind in Direct Sales. Pp. 291 -- 293.
(b) Against the backdrop of that law, Mexico's complaint does not
plausibly allege that the defendant manufacturers aided and abetted gun
dealers' unlawful sales of frearms to Mexican traffckers. To begin, the
complaint sets for itself a high bar. It does not pinpoint, as most aiding-
and-abetting claims do, any specifc criminal transactions that the de-
fendants (allegedly) assisted. Instead, it levels a more general accusa-
tion: that all the manufacturers assist some number of unidentifed
rogue dealers in violation of various legal bars. The systemic nature
of that charge cannot help but heighten Mexico's burden. To survive,
it must be backed by plausible allegations of pervasive, systemic, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
culpable assistance.
Mexico's lead claim -- that the manufacturers elect to sell guns to,
among others, known rogue dealers -- fails to clear that bar. For one
thing, it is far from clear that such behavior, without more, could ever
count as aiding and abetting under the Court's precedents. And in any
event, Mexico has not said enough to make its allegations on this point
plausible: It does not confront that the manufacturers do not directly
supply any dealers, and its complaint does not name alleged bad-apple
dealers or provide grounds for thinking that anyone up the supply chain
often acquires that information. What Mexico has plausibly alleged is
only that manufacturers know some unidentifed dealers routinely vio-
late the law -- but this describes "indifference" rather than assistance,
similar to the insuffcient allegations in Twitter.
For related reasons, Mexico's second set of allegations -- that the man-
ufacturers have declined to suitably regulate the dealers' practices -- 
cannot fll the gap. Of course, responsible manufacturers might well
impose constraints on their distribution chains to reduce the possibility
of unlawful conduct. But a failure to do so is what Twitter called "pas-
sive nonfeasance." 598 U. S., at 500. Such "omissions" and "inac-
tions" -- especially in an already highly regulated industry -- are rarely
the stuff of aiding-and-abetting liability, and nothing in Mexico's allega-
tions makes them so.
 Cite as: (2025) 283

Syllabus

Finally, Mexico's allegations about design and marketing decisions
add nothing of consequence. Mexico focuses on production of "military
style" assault weapons, but these products are widely legal and pur-
chased by ordinary consumers. Manufacturers cannot be charged with
assisting criminal acts simply because Mexican cartel members also pre-
fer these guns. The same applies to frearms with Spanish-language
names or graphics alluding to Mexican history -- while they may be "cov-
eted by the cartels," they also may appeal to "millions of law-abiding
Hispanic Americans. " Even the failure to make guns with non-
defaceable serial numbers cannot show that manufacturers have "joined
both mind and hand" with lawbreakers in the manner required for aid-
ing and abetting. Pp. 294 -- 298.
(c) This conclusion aligns with PLCAA's core purpose. Congress
enacted PLCAA to halt lawsuits attempting to make gun manufacturers
pay for harms resulting from the criminal or unlawful misuse of fre-
arms. Mexico's suit closely resembles those lawsuits. And while the
predicate exception allows some such suits to proceed, accepting Mexi-
co's theory would swallow most of the rule. The Court doubts Con-
gress intended to draft such a capacious way out of PLCAA, and in fact
it did not. Pp. 298 -- 299.
91 F. 4th 511, reversed and remanded.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Kagan, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Thomas, J.,
post, p. 299, and Jackson, J., post, p. 300, fled concurring opinions.

Noel J. Francisco argued the cause for petitioners. With
him on the briefs were Anthony J. Dick, Andrew E. Lelling,
Kelly Holt Rodriguez, James M. Campbell, James W. Porter
II, Peter M. Durney, John F. Renzulli, S. Jan Hueber, John
G. O'Neill, and James Vogts.
Catherine E. Stetson argued the cause for respondent.
With her on the brief were Danielle Desaulniers Stempel,
Michael J. West, Sam H. Zwingli, Jonathan E. Lowy, Yaacov
Meiseles, Steve D. Shadowen, and Richard M. Brunell.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the U. S. House
of Representatives by Matthew B. Berry, Todd B. Tatelman, Bradley
Craigmyle, and Andy T. Wang; for the State of Montana et al. by Austin
Knudsen, Attorney General of Montana, Christian B. Corrigan, Solicitor
General, Peter M. Torstensen, Jr., Deputy Solicitor General, and Tanner
Baird, Assistant Solicitor General, and by the Attorneys General for their
284 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Opinion of the Court

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Government of Mexico brought this lawsuit against
seven American gun manufacturers. As required by a fed-

respective States as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Treg Taylor of
Alaska, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Ashley Moody of Florida, Christopher
M. Carr of Georgia, Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, Theodore E. Rokita of
Indiana, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Kris Kobach of Kansas, Russell Coleman
of Kentucky, Liz Murrill of Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Andrew
Bailey of Missouri, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, John M. Formella of
New Hampshire, Drew H. Wrigley of North Dakota, Dave Yost of Ohio,
Gentner F. Drummond of Oklahoma, Alan Wilson of South Carolina,
Marty J. Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee, Ken
Paxton of Texas, Sean D. Reyes of Utah, Jason Miyares of Virginia, Pat-
rick Morrisey of West Virginia, and Bridget Hill of Wyoming; for the
American Constitutional Rights Union et al. by John J. Park, Jr.; for the
American Free Enterprise Chamber of Commerce by Michael B. Busch-
bacher, Jonathan Berry, Jared M. Kelson, and William P. Barr; for the
Atlantic Legal Foundation by Lawrence S. Ebner and John Parker
Sweeney; for The Buckeye Institute et al. by David C. Tryon and D. Sean
Page Proof Pending Publication
Nation; for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America
by Steven A. Engel, Michael H. McGinley, Jonathan D. Urick, and Tamer
Mallat; for the Firearms Policy Coalition, Inc., by David H. Thompson,
Peter A. Patterson, and John D. Ohlendorf; for the Firearms Regulatory
Accountability Coalition, Inc., et al. by Steven J. Obermeier; for the Land-
mark Legal Foundation by Matthew C. Forys, Michael J. O'Neill, and
Richard P. Hutchison; for the National Association for Gun Rights, Inc.,
et al. by Gary M. Lawkowski; for the National Rife Association of
America et al. by Joseph G. S. Greenlee, Erin M. Erhardt, David B. Kopel,
and George A. Mocsary; for the National Shooting Sports Foundation, Inc.,
by Paul D. Clement, Erin E. Murphy, Matthew D. Rowen, Lawrence G.
Keane, and Shelby Baird Smith; for the Product Liability Advisory Coun-
cil et al. by Philip S. Goldberg and Cary Silverman; for the Second
Amendment Foundation by Thomas R. McCarthy and Tiffany H. Bates;
for the Washington Legal Foundation by Cory L. Andrews; and for Sen.
Ted Cruz et al. by H. Christopher Bartolomucci, Gene C. Schaerr, and
Kenneth A. Klukowski. William J. Olson, Jeremiah L. Morgan, and
John I. Harris III fled a brief for Gun Owners of America, Inc., et al. as
amici curiae urging vacatur.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts et al. by Andrea Joy Campbell, Attorney General
of Massachusetts, David C. Kravitz, State Solicitor, and Anna Lumelsky,
 Cite as: (2025) 285

Opinion of the Court

eral statute, Mexico seeks to show (among other things) that
the defendant companies participated in the unlawful sale
or marketing of frearms. See 15 U. S. C. (A)(iii).
More specifcally, Mexico alleges that the companies aided
and abetted unlawful sales routing guns to Mexican drug car-
tels. The question presented is whether Mexico's complaint
plausibly pleads that conduct. We conclude it does not.

I
A
The Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act
(PLCAA), 119 Stat. 2095, 15 U. S. C. -- 7903, bars cer-
tain lawsuits against manufacturers and sellers of frearms.
Congress enacted the statute in response to a spate of litiga-
tion trying to hold gun companies liable in tort for harms
"caused by the misuse of frearms by third parties, including
criminals." (3) ("Findings" section). To curb such
Page Proof Pending Publication
suits, PLCAA provides that a "qualifed civil liability ac-

Deputy State Solicitor, and by the Attorneys General for their respective
jurisdictions as follows: Rob Bonta of California, William Tong of Con-
necticut, Kathleen Jennings of Delaware, Brian L. Schwalb of the District
of Columbia, Anne E. Lopez of Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Anthony
G. Brown of Maryland, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison of Minne-
sota, Aaron D. Ford of Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Raúl
Torrez of New Mexico, Letitia James of New York, Dan Rayfeld of Ore-
gon, Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, and Charity R. Clark of Ver-
mont; for Fair and Just Prosecution by David M. Gossett and Thaila K.
Sundaresan; for Law Enforcement Offcers by Julie G. Reiser; for the
March For Our Lives Action Fund by Michael J. Dell; for Mexican Activ-
ists et al. by R. Stanton Jones; for Social Science Scholars et al. by
Amanda Shafer Berman, Scott L. Winkelman, and Joachim B. Steinberg;
for Sen. Richard Blumenthal et al. by Alexandra C. Eynon and Eugene
A. Sokoloff; and for Erwin Chemerinsky et al. by Robert S. Peck.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for Gun Violence Prevention Groups
by Jason C. Murray, Abigail M. Hinchcliff, Leigh Rome, and Esther
Sanchez-Gomez; for Professors of Tort Law et al. by Timothy M. Hag-
gerty, Anil K. Vassanji, Sofa Syed, Rupita Chakraborty, and Hillel Y.
Levin; and for G. Antaeus B. Edelsohn by Joan Deborah B. Edelsohn.
286 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Opinion of the Court

tion," as defned in the Act, "may not be brought in any Fed-
eral or State court.". The Act's defnition of that
term includes a "civil action or proceeding" against a fre-
arms manufacturer or seller stemming from "the criminal
or unlawful misuse" of a firearm by "a third party. "
(A).
But PLCAA's general bar on those suits has an exception,
usually called the predicate exception, relevant here. That
exception applies to suits in which the defendant manufac-
turer or seller "knowingly violated a State or Federal stat-
ute applicable to the sale or marketing" of frearms, and that
"violation was a proximate cause of the harm for which relief
is sought." (A)(iii). If a plaintiff can show that
provision is satisfed -- that, say, a manufacturer committed a
gun-sale violation proximately causing the harm at issue -- 
then a suit can proceed, even though it arises from a third
party's later misuse of a gun. Or otherwise said, the predi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cate violation opens a path to making a gun manufacturer
civilly liable for the way a third party has used the weapon
it made.
Notably here, the predicate violation PLCAA demands
may come from aiding and abetting someone else's frearms
offense. The predicate exception itself lists as examples two
ways in which aiding and abetting qualifes -- when a gun
manufacturer (or seller) aids and abets another person either
in making a false statement about a gun sale's legality or in
making specifed criminal sales. See (A)(iii)(I) -- (II).
And more broadly, aiding and abetting can qualify as a
PLCAA predicate violation by virtue of another law assimi-
lating an accomplice's liability to a principal's. The federal
statute generally accomplishing that task is 18 U. S. C.,
which provides that whoever "aids [and] abets" the commis-
sion of a federal crime "is punishable as a principal." Be-
cause of that provision, a gun manufacturer that aids and
abets a federal gun crime may itself commit a PLCAA predi-
cate violation. So principles of aiding and abetting from the
 Cite as: (2025) 287

Opinion of the Court

criminal law -- establishing what counts as aiding and abet-
ting and what does not -- may determine whether a plaintiff
can satisfy PLCAA's predicate exception and thus proceed
with a civil suit otherwise barred. And that dependence on
aiding-and-abetting law is a feature of the case before us.

B
Mexico has a severe gun violence problem, which its gov-
ernment views as coming from north of the border. The
country has only a single gun store, and issues fewer than 50
gun permits each year. But gun traffckers can purchase
frearms in the United States -- often in illegal transactions -- 
and deliver them to drug cartels in Mexico. Those groups,
predictably enough, use the imported frearms to commit se-
rious crimes -- drug dealing, kidnapping, murder, and others.
According to the Mexican Government, as many as 90% of
the guns recovered at crime scenes in Mexico originated
Page Proof Pending Publication
in the United States. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 7a
(Complaint).
The Mexican Government, seeking redress for this gun vi-
olence, brought suit in 2021 against seven American frearms
manufacturers.1 The suit, brought in a U. S. District Court,
asserts a variety of tort claims against the defendants,
mostly sounding in negligence. The basic theory is that the
defendants failed to exercise "reasonable care" to prevent
traffcking of their guns into Mexico, and so are responsible
for the harms arising there from the weapons' misuse. Id.,
at 184a. That theory, as all agree, runs straight into
PLCAA's general prohibition. Mexico's action, that is,

1
The defendant manufacturers are Smith & Wesson Brands, Inc.; Bar-
rett Firearms Manufacturing, Inc.; Beretta USA Corp.; Century Interna-
tional Arms, Inc.; Colt's Manufacturing Company, LLC; Glock, Inc.; and
Sturm, Ruger & Co., Inc. The suit also names as a defendant one gun
distributor -- Witmer Public Safety Group, Inc., which does business as In-
terstate Arms. But the complaint barely mentions that company, so for
simplicity's sake we refer to all the defendants as manufacturers.
288 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Opinion of the Court

seeks to hold frearms manufacturers liable for "the criminal
or unlawful misuse" of guns by third parties -- and so, accord-
ing to PLCAA, "may not be brought. ",
7903(5)(A). The complaint thus tries to plead its way into
PLCAA's predicate exception. It asserts, as that exception
requires, that the third-party misuse of guns in Mexico re-
sulted from the manufacturers' knowing violations of gun
laws. See (A)(iii).
More specifcally, the complaint alleges that the manufac-
turers' frearms violations were ones of aiding and abetting,
rather than of independent commission. See id., at 71a (in-
voking this Court's aiding-and-abetting caselaw); Tr. of Oral
Arg. 58 -- 59 (agreeing that the predicate violation alleged
rests on, the federal aiding-and-abetting statute). The
manufacturers, according to Mexico, were "willful accessor-
ies" in unlawful gun sales by retail dealers, which in turn
enabled Mexican criminals to acquire guns (and use them to
commit violent offenses). App. to Pet. for Cert. 71a. The
Page Proof Pending Publication
complaint sets out three kinds of allegations relating to how
the manufacturers aided and abetted retailers' unlawful
sales.
Mexico's primary line of argument is that the manufactur-
ers supply frearms to retail dealers whom they know ille-
gally sell to Mexican gun traffckers. The complaint ex-
plains that the manufacturers use a three-tier distribution
system: They sell to wholesale distributors, who sell to retail
dealers, who sell to customers. See id., at 140a. A "small
minority" of the dealers are responsible for most of the sales
to Mexican traffckers; and those sales often violate federal
gun laws -- by, for example, involving straw purchasers or
proceeding without background checks. Id., at 44a; see id.,
at 86a.2 Still more, the complaint alleges -- and this is key -- 
that the manufacturers know "who th[ose] bad apple dealers
2
A straw purchaser is "a person who buys a gun on someone else's be-
half while falsely claiming that it is for himself." Abramski v. United
States, -- 172 (2014).
 Cite as: (2025) 289

Opinion of the Court

are." Tr. of Oral Arg. 70; see App. to Pet. for Cert. 44a (The
defendants "know that these dealers engage in" prohibited
practices); see also id., at 54a -- 55a, 80a (similar). Yet the
manufacturers continue to supply those dealers, as they do
legitimate ones, in order to boost their own profts. By
choosing not to cut off the fow of frearms to the known
rogue dealers, the complaint asserts, the manufacturers be-
come "culpable and intentional participant[s]" in the dealers'
federal "statutory violations." Id., at 42a, 85a.3
Second, Mexico claims that the manufacturers have failed
to impose the kind of controls on their distribution networks
that would prevent illegal sales to Mexican traffckers.
There are, Mexico contends, a raft of ways manufacturers
could put "commonsense restraints on their supply chains."
Brief for Respondent 32. For example, they could prohibit
dealers from making "bulk sales" to individual customers,
because guns sold in that way (Mexico says) are likely to be
"diverted to the illegal market." App. to Pet. for Cert. 86a -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
87a. So too, they could bar dealers from selling their fre-
arms at gun shows or out of their homes, because those sales
(Mexico again says) often ignore regulatory requirements
like background checks. See id., at 88a -- 89a, 91a -- 92a. And
more generally, manufacturers could implement processes
for "monitor[ing] or supervis[ing] their [dealers'] sales prac-
tices," so as to minimize illegal sales to traffckers. Id., at
89a; see id., at 137a -- 138a. Yet the defendant manufacturers,
Mexico states, have done none of those things. Rather, they
have embraced "a see-no-evil, hear-no-evil, speak-no-evil ap-
proach" to "their gun distribution system." Id., at 32a.

3
The complaint makes no allegations about the relationship between the
manufacturers and the distributors, even though the distributors stand in
between the manufacturers and the dealers selling to Mexican traffckers.
Neither does the complaint, in setting out the assertions above, distinguish
the lone distributor defendant from the manufacturer defendants. See
supra, at 287,. Indeed, the complaint says virtually nothing about
the distributor's sales practices, to bad-apple dealers or otherwise.
290 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Opinion of the Court

And that quite "deliberate" approach works to "funnel
frearms to the cartels." Brief for Respondent 23.
And third, Mexico alleges that the manufacturers make
"design and marketing decisions" intended to stimulate car-
tel members' demand for their products. Ibid. Most prom-
inently, Mexico asserts that the manufacturers have
"increased production of military-style" assault weapons,
with an eye toward cultivating the criminal market. App.
to Pet. for Cert. 104a; see Brief for Respondent 23. For
example, one manufacturer has made a ".50 caliber long
range sniper rife," which cartels have used to attack the
police and military. App. to Pet. for Cert. 99a. In addition,
Mexico says, the manufacturers make guns whose serial
numbers can be "obliterated or defaced," thus hindering
police tracing efforts. Id., at 131a. And the manufacturers
produce frearms whose names or aesthetic features appeal
to cartel members. Colt, for example, makes the ".38 cali-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ber Super `El Jefe' pistol; the.38 caliber Super `El Grito'
pistol; and the.38 caliber `Emiliano Zapata 1911' pistol" -- the
last of which includes Zapata's image and the words "It is
better to die standing than to live on your knees." Id.,
at 75a.
The defendant manufacturers moved to dismiss Mexico's
complaint, contending that PLCAA barred the suit. The
District Court granted the motion. 633 F. Supp. 3d 425,
432 (Mass. 2022). But the Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit reversed. It found that Mexico's complaint plausibly
"allege[d] that defendants have been aiding and abetting
the [illegal] sale of frearms by dealers." 91 F. 4th 511,
529 (2024). And because, in the court's view, the complaint
also plausibly alleged that the defendants' aiding-and-
abetting conduct proximately caused injury to Mexico,
PLCAA's predicate exception was satisfed. Id., at 538. As
a result, Mexico's suit against the manufacturers could go
forward.
We granted certiorari. (2024).
 Cite as: (2025) 291

Opinion of the Court

II
Mexico's complaint survives PLCAA only if, in accord with
usual pleading rules, it has plausibly alleged conduct falling
within the statute's predicate exception. See Ashcroft v.
Iqbal, -- 679 (2009). Because Mexico relies
exclusively on an aiding-and-abetting theory, that means
plausibly alleging that the manufacturers have aided and
abetted gun dealers' frearms offenses (such as sales to straw
purchasers), so as to proximately cause harm to Mexico.
See supra, at 286 -- 287. We need not address the proximate
cause question, because we fnd that Mexico has not plausibly
alleged aiding and abetting on the manufacturers' part.
"Plausibly" does not mean "probably," but "it asks for more
than a sheer possibility that a defendant has acted unlaw-
fully." Iqbal, 556 U. S., at 678. And Mexico has not met
that bar. Its complaint does not plausibly allege the kind of
"conscious... and culpable participation in another's wrong-
Page Proof Pending Publication
doing" needed to make out an aiding-and-abetting charge.
Twitter, Inc. v. Taamneh, (2023).

A
Federal aiding-and-abetting law "refects a centuries-old
view of culpability: that a person may be responsible for a
crime he has not personally carried out" if he deliberately
"helps another to complete its commission." Rosemond v.
United States, (2014); see 18 U. S. C.. To
aid and abet a crime, a person must "take an affrmative
act in furtherance of that offense." Rosemond, 572 U. S., at
71. And he must "intend to facilitate [the offense's] commis-
sion." Ibid. Or as Judge Learned Hand stated those req-
uisites, in what has become a canonical formulation, an aider
and abettor must "participate in" a crime "as in something
that he wishes to bring about" and "seek by his action to
make it succeed." United States v. Peoni, 100 F. 2d 401, 402
(CA2 1938); see Twitter, 598 U. S., at 490; Nye & Nissen v.
United States, (1949).
292 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Opinion of the Court

In elaborating on that demand, this Court has developed
several ancillary principles. First, aiding and abetting is
most commonly "a rule of secondary liability for specifc
wrongful acts." Twitter, 598 U. S., at 494.
It is possible for someone to aid and abet a broad category
of misconduct, but then his participation must be correspond-
ingly "pervasive, systemic, and culpable." Id., at 502. Sec-
ond, aiding and abetting usually requires misfeasance rather
than nonfeasance. Absent an "independent duty to act," a
person's "failure[s]," "omissions," or "inactions" -- even if in
some sense blameworthy -- will rarely support aiding-and-
abetting liability. Id., at 489, 500. And third, routine and
general activity that happens on occasion to assist in a
crime -- in essence, "incidentally" -- is unlikely to count as aid-
ing and abetting. Rosemond, 572 U. S., at 77,. So, for
example, an "ordinary merchant" does not "become liable"
for all criminal "misuse[s] of [his] goods," even if he knows
Page Proof Pending Publication
that in some fraction of cases misuse will occur. Twitter,
598 U. S., at 489; see id., at 499. The merchant becomes lia-
ble only if, beyond providing the good on the open market,
he takes steps to "promote" the resulting crime and "make
it his own." United States v. Falcone, 109 F. 2d 579, 581
(CA2) (L. Hand, J.), aff'd, (1940).
Two of our cases -- one approving liability for aiding anoth-
er's crime, the other not -- illustrate how all this doctrine
plays out in practice. In Direct Sales Co. v. United States,
(1943), we held that a mail-order pharmacy
could be convicted for assisting a small-town doctor's illegal
distribution of narcotics. The pharmacy, Direct Sales, sold
huge amounts of morphine to Dr. John Tate: Whereas the
average physician required no more than 400 quarter-grain
tablets annually, Direct Sales sold Tate some 5,000 to 6,000
half-grain tablets every month. See id., at 706. Still more,
Direct Sales "actively stimulated" Tate's purchases, by giv-
ing him special discounts for his most massive orders and
using "high-pressure sales methods." Id., at 705, 711. And
 Cite as: (2025) 293

Opinion of the Court

it did all that against the backdrop of law enforcement warn-
ings: The Bureau of Narcotics had informed Direct Sales that
"it was being used as a source of supply" by lawbreaking
doctors. Id., at 707. All that evidence, this Court found,
was enough to sustain Direct Sales's conviction. It showed
that Direct Sales "not only kn[ew of] and acquiesce[d]"
in Tate's "illicit enterprise," but "join[ed] both mind and
hand with him to make its accomplishment possible." Id.,
at 713.
By contrast, this Court recently ordered the dismissal of
a suit against several social-media companies for aiding and
abetting a terrorist attack carried out by ISIS. See Twit-
ter, 598 U. S., at 506 -- 507. The plaintiffs, victims of the at-
tack, alleged that adherents of ISIS used the companies'
platforms for recruiting and fundraising. The complaint fur-
ther asserted that the companies knew that was so, yet failed
to identify and remove the ISIS-related accounts and con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tent. See id., at 478, 481. But we held that was not enough
to make the companies liable for ISIS's terrorist acts. The
companies' relationship with ISIS and its supporters, we rea-
soned, was "the same as their relationship with their billion-
plus other users: arm's length, passive, and largely indif-
ferent." Id., at 500. There were no allegations that the
companies had given ISIS "any special treatment," or "en-
courag[ed], solicit[ed], or advis[ed]" the group. Id., at 498,
500. Instead, after providing their platforms for general
use, the companies "at most allegedly stood back and
watched." Id., at 499. More was needed, we stated, for a
provider of generally available goods or services to be liable
for a customer's misuse of them -- for example, conduct of the
kind in Direct Sales. See Twitter, 598 U. S., at 502. When
a company merely knows that "some bad actors" are taking
"advantage" of its products for criminal purposes, it does not
aid and abet. Id., at 503. And that is so even if the com-
pany could adopt measures to reduce their users' down-
stream crimes. See ibid.
294 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Opinion of the Court

B
Viewed against the backdrop of that law, Mexico's com-
plaint does not plausibly allege that the defendant manufac-
turers aided and abetted gun dealers' unlawful sales of fre-
arms to Mexican traffckers. We have little doubt that, as
the complaint asserts, some such sales take place -- and that
the manufacturers know they do. But still, Mexico has not
adequately pleaded what it needs to: that the manufacturers
"participate in" those sales "as in something that [they]
wish to bring about," and "seek by [their] action to make"
succeed. Peoni, 100 F. 2d, at 402; see Twitter, 598 U. S.,
at 490.
To begin with, Mexico's complaint sets for itself a high bar.
The complaint does not pinpoint, as most aiding-and-abetting
claims do, any specifc criminal transactions that the defend-
ants (allegedly) assisted. It does not say, for example, that
a given manufacturer aided a given frearms dealer, at a par-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ticular time and place, in selling guns to a given Mexican
traffcker not legally permitted to buy them under a specifed
statute. Instead, the complaint levels a more general accu-
sation: that all the manufacturers assist some number of un-
identifed rogue gun dealers in making a host of frearms
sales in violation of various legal bars. The systemic nature
of that charge is not necessarily fatal. But as noted earlier,
it cannot help but heighten Mexico's burden. See supra, at
292. To survive, the charge must be backed by plausible
allegations of "pervasive, systemic, and culpable assistance."
Twitter, 598 U. S., at 502.
Mexico's lead claim -- that the manufacturers elect to sell
guns to, among others, known rogue dealers, see supra, at
288 -- 289 -- fails to clear that bar, for a package of reasons.
For one thing, it is far from clear that such behavior, without
more, could ever count as aiding and abetting under our
precedents. Direct Sales is the case Mexico relies on. See
Brief for Respondent 24. But that case was more particu-
larized than this one, involving as it did the aid given to a
 Cite as: (2025) 295

Opinion of the Court

single named offender in violating a specifed narcotics law.
And yet more important, the abettor there did more than
sell a product to a known lawbreaker, as it would to all oth-
ers. The pharmacy, recall, not only supplied Dr. Tate, but
also "actively stimulated" his far-greater-than-average pur-
chases. 319 U. S., at 705; see id., at 712, (noting the
signifcance of "stimulation" and "active incitement to pur-
chase"); id., at 713 (similarly stating that "[t]here [was] in-
formed and interested coöperation, stimulation, instigation").
Mexico's complaint asserts nothing similar here. To the con-
trary, the complaint repeatedly states that the manufactur-
ers treat rogue dealers just the same as they do law-abiding
ones -- selling to everyone, and on equivalent terms. See
App. to Pet. for Cert. 44a -- 46a, 79a, 83a -- 84a, 139a -- 141a. So
the complaint, even if taken at face value, would stretch the
bounds of our caselaw.
And in any event, we cannot take the allegation here at
Page Proof Pending Publication
face value, because Mexico has not said enough to make it
plausible. In asserting that the manufacturers intentionally
supply guns to bad-apple dealers, Mexico never confronts
that the manufacturers do not directly supply any dealers,
bad-apple or otherwise. They instead sell frearms to mid-
dlemen distributors, whom Mexico has never claimed lack
independence. See supra, at 288, 289,.4 Given that in-
dustry structure, Mexico's complaint must offer some reason
to believe that the manufacturers attend to the conduct of
individual gun dealers, two levels down. But it does not so
much as address that issue. And even assuming the manu-
facturers know everything the distributors know, the com-
plaint still would not adequately support the charge that
they have identifed the bad-apple dealers. Mexico does not
itself name those dealers, though they are the ostensible

4
As noted above, Mexico's suit names one distributor as a defendant.
See supra, at 287,. But the complaint says virtually nothing about
that company, and nothing at all about its choice of dealers.
296 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Opinion of the Court

principals in the illegal transactions claimed.5 Nor does
Mexico provide grounds for thinking that anyone up the sup-
ply chain -- whether manufacturer or distributor -- often ac-
quires that information. Indeed, the complaint points out
that government agencies only sporadically provide up-
stream companies with information tracing Mexican crime
guns to certain dealers. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 47a -- 48a.
So Mexico's allegation on this score is all speculation; even
on a motion to dismiss, it is not enough.
What Mexico has plausibly pleaded respecting sales to of-
fenders is a lesser wrong, which does not rise to the level of
aiding and abetting. Mexico's complaint alleges that some,
though unidentifed, dealers often engage in illegal transac-
tions with Mexican traffckers. See id., at 43a -- 44a, 71a -- 73a,
81a -- 85a, 87a. So too, the complaint alleges that the manu-
facturers know that much to be true -- that among the whole
class of dealers, there are some who routinely violate the law.
See id., at 31a -- 34a, 43a -- 50a, 82a -- 85a, 87a. And fnally the
Page Proof Pending Publication
complaint alleges, with suffcient plausibility, that the manu-
facturers could do more than they do to fgure out who those
rogue dealers are, and then to cut off their supply of guns.
See id., at 34a -- 39a, 46a -- 50a, 132a -- 141a. But that is to say
little more than the plaintiffs said in Twitter. According to
the complaint there, the social-media companies knew that
among their customers were ISIS supporters, whom they
could have done more to identify and remove. See 598 U. S.,
at 481 -- 482; supra, at 293. Still, we decided, that "nonfea-
sance" was not enough to hold the companies responsible
for the terrorists' unlawful acts. Twitter, 598 U. S., at 489.

5
At one point, Mexico's complaint cites a Washington Post article from
2010 naming "12 dealers that sold the most guns recovered" at crime
scenes in Mexico. App. to Pet. for Cert. 44a; see Tr. of Oral Arg. 62. But
the article itself explains that those dealers could have made the list be-
cause of "sales volume [or] geography" rather than especial wrongdoing.
J. Grimaldi & S. Horwitz, Mexican Cartels Wielding American Weapons,
Washington Post, Dec. 13, 2010, p. A10, col. 1.
 Cite as: (2025) 297

Opinion of the Court

And the same is true here, for the same reasons. Mexico's
plausible allegations are of "indifferen[ce]," rather than as-
sistance. Id., at 500; see id., at 498. They are of the manu-
facturers' merely allowing some unidentifed "bad actors" to
make illegal use of their wares. Id., at 503.
For related reasons, Mexico's second set of allegations -- 
that the manufacturers have declined to suitably regulate
the dealers' practices, see supra, at 289 -- 290 -- cannot fll the
gap. Of course, responsible manufacturers might well im-
pose constraints on their distribution chains to reduce the
possibility of unlawful conduct. (Mexico's prime examples,
recall, are bans on bulk sales or sales from homes -- permit-
ted under federal law, but in Mexico's view conducive to un-
lawful transactions. See supra, at 289.) So too, those man-
ufacturers might decide, as Mexico urges, to themselves
monitor dealers' sales for law violations. See ibid. But a
failure to do so is, again, what Twitter called "passive nonfea-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sance" -- a "failure to stop" independent retailers down-
stream from making unlawful sales. 598 U. S., at 500.
Such "omissions" and "inactions," especially in an already
highly regulated industry, are rarely the stuff of aiding-and-
abetting liability. Id., at 489. And nothing special in Mexi-
co's allegations makes them so. A manufacturer of goods is
not an accomplice to every unaffliated retailer whom it fails
to make follow the law.
Finally, Mexico's allegations about the manufacturers' "de-
sign and marketing decisions" add nothing of consequence.
Brief for Respondent 23. As noted above, Mexico here fo-
cuses on the manufacturers' production of "military style"
assault weapons, among which it includes AR -- 15 rifes, AK -- 
47 rifes, and.50 caliber sniper rifes. See supra, at 290; App.
to Pet. for Cert. 121a. But those products are both widely
legal and bought by many ordinary consumers. (The AR -- 
15 is the most popular rife in the country. See T. Gross,
How the AR -- 15 Became the Bestselling Rife in the U. S.,
NPR (Apr. 20, 2023).) The manufacturers cannot be charged
298 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Opinion of the Court

with assisting in criminal acts just because Mexican cartel
members like those guns too. The same is true of frearms
with Spanish-language names or graphics alluding to Mexi-
can history. See supra, at 290. Those guns may be "cov-
eted by the cartels," as Mexico alleges; but they also may
appeal, as the manufacturers rejoin, to "millions of law-abid-
ing Hispanic Americans." Tr. of Oral Arg 80; Reply Brief
20. That leaves only the allegation that the manufacturers
have not attempted to make guns with nondefaceable serial
numbers. See supra, at 290. But the failure to improve
gun design in that way (which federal law does not require)
cannot in the end show that the manufacturers have "join[ed]
both mind and hand" with lawbreakers in the way needed to
aid and abet. Direct Sales, 319 U. S., at 713.

C
All of that means PLCAA prevents Mexico's suit from
Page Proof Pending Publication
going forward. The kinds of allegations Mexico makes can-
not satisfy the demands of the statute's predicate exception.
That exception permits a suit to be brought against a gun
manufacturer that has aided and abetted a frearms violation
(and in so doing proximately caused the plaintiff's harm).
See (A)(iii); supra, at 286 -- 287. And Mexico's com-
plaint, for the reasons given, does not plausibly allege such
aiding and abetting. So this suit remains subject to
PLCAA's general bar: An action cannot be brought against a
manufacturer if, like Mexico's, it is founded on a third-party's
criminal use of the company's product. See,
7903(5)(A); supra, at 286.
And that conclusion, we note, well accords with PLCAA's
core purpose. Recall that Congress enacted the statute to
halt a furry of lawsuits attempting to make gun manufactur-
ers pay for the downstream harms resulting from misuse of
their products. See supra, at 285 -- 286. In a "fndings" and
"purposes" section, Congress explained that PLCAA was
meant to stop those suits -- to prevent manufacturers (and
 Cite as: (2025) 299

Thomas, J., concurring

sellers) from being held "liable for the harm caused by
those who criminally or unlawfully misuse frearm[s]."
(5). Mexico's suit closely resembles the ones Con-
gress had in mind: It seeks to recover from American fre-
arms manufacturers for the downstream damage Mexican
cartel members wreak with their guns. Of course, the law
Congress wrote includes the predicate exception, which
allows some suits falling within PLCAA's general ban to pro-
ceed. But that exception, if Mexico's suit fell within it,
would swallow most of the rule. We doubt Congress in-
tended to draft such a capacious way out of PLCAA, and in
fact it did not. The predicate exception allows for accom-
plice liability only when a plaintiff makes a plausible allega-
tion that a gun manufacturer "participate[d] in" a frearms
violation "as in something that [it] wishe[d] to bring about"
and sought to make succeed. Peoni, 100 F. 2d, at 402. Be-
cause Mexico's complaint fails to do so, the defendant manu-
facturers retain their PLCAA-granted immunity.
Page Proof Pending Publication
We therefore reverse the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals and remand the case for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, concurring.
The Court today correctly decides that Mexico has not
plausibly pleaded that its suit falls under the predicate ex-
ception to the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act
(PLCAA). This exception allows otherwise-prohibited suits
against gun manufacturers to go forward if, among other re-
quirements, the manufacturer has "knowingly violated a
State or Federal statute applicable to the sale or marketing
of the product." 15 U. S. C., 7903(5)(A)(iii). I
write separately to note that the Court's opinion does not
resolve what a plaintiff must show to establish that the de-
fendant committed a "violation." (A)(iii). It con-
cludes only that Mexico has not adequately pleaded its the-
300 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Jackson, J., concurring

ory of the case -- that, as a factual matter, the defendant gun
manufacturers committed criminal aiding and abetting. See
ante, at 294 -- 298.
In future cases, courts should more fully examine the
meaning of "violation" under the PLCAA. It seems to me
that the PLCAA at least arguably requires not only a plausi-
ble allegation that a defendant has committed a predicate
violation, but also an earlier fnding of guilt or liability in an
adjudication regarding the "violation." Allowing plaintiffs
to proffer mere allegations of a predicate violation would
force many defendants in PLCAA litigation to litigate their
criminal guilt in a civil proceeding, without the full panoply
of protections that we otherwise afford to criminal defend-
ants. And, these defendants might even include ones who
were cleared in an earlier proceeding, such as through a non-
charging decision or a not-guilty or not-liable verdict. Such
collateral adjudication would be at best highly unusual, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
would likely raise serious constitutional questions that would
counsel in favor of a narrower interpretation. See United
States v. Jin Fuey Moy, (1916) ("A statute
must be construed, if fairly possible, so as to avoid not only
the conclusion that it is unconstitutional but also grave
doubts upon that score"). Particularly given the PLCAA's
aim of protecting gun manufacturers from litigation, see, this issue warrants careful consideration.

Justice Jackson, concurring.
The Court holds that Mexico's complaint fails to plausibly
allege that gun manufacturers aided or abetted violations of
frearms laws, as necessary to trigger the predicate excep-
tion to the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act
(PLCAA), 15 U. S. C. (A)(iii). I agree. I write
separately to explain that, in my view, the complaint's core
faw is its failure to allege any nonconclusory statutory viola-
tions in the frst place.
 Cite as: (2025) 301

Jackson, J., concurring

Tellingly, that failure exposes Mexico's lawsuit as precisely
what Congress passed PLCAA to prevent. PLCAA was
Congress's response to a food of civil lawsuits that sought to
hold the frearms industry responsible for downstream law-
breaking by third parties. Ante, at 285 -- 287, 298 -- 299. Ac-
tivists had deployed litigation in an effort to compel frearms
manufacturers and associated entities to adopt safety meas-
ures and practices that exceeded what state or federal stat-
utes required. H. R. Rep. No. 109 -- 124, pp. 18 -- 20 (2005).
Congress expressed concern that these lawsuits "attempt[ed]
to use the judicial branch to circumvent the Legislative
branch." (8). PLCAA embodies Congress's ex-
press rejection of such efforts -- stymying those who, as Con-
gress put it, sought "to accomplish through litigation that
which they have been unable to achieve by legislation."
H. R. Rep. No. 109 -- 124, at 18. Put differently, PLCAA re-
fects Congress's view that the democratic process, not litiga-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion, should set the terms of gun control.
Viewed in light of this objective, Congress's inclusion of
the predicate exception makes perfect sense. The exception
allows lawsuits to proceed -- despite PLCAA's general grant
of immunity -- if the complaint alleges that a gun manufac-
turer or seller "knowingly violated a State or Federal stat-
ute applicable to the sale or marketing of the product, and
the violation was a proximate cause of the harm for which
relief is sought." (A)(iii). By tying the exception
to statutory violations, Congress kept the door open to civil
liability -- but only liability fowing from duties that the Peo-
ple, rather than the courts, had chosen to impose.
PLCAA's predicate exception might well be triggered by
aiding and abetting another's violation of a frearms statute,
as the provision's two examples make clear. First, 
(A)(iii)(I) describes, for example, aiding and abetting "any
person in making any false or fctitious oral or written state-
ment with respect to any fact material to the lawfulness of
302 SMITH & WESSON BRANDS, INC. v. ESTADOS UNIDOS
MEXICANOS
Jackson, J., concurring

the sale or other disposition of a qualifed product" -- conduct
that violates 18 U. S. C., 923(g), or 924(a)(3)(A).
Likewise, (A)(iii)(II) covers aiding and abetting
"any other person to sell or otherwise dispose of a qualifed
product, knowing, or having reasonable cause to believe, that
the actual buyer of the qualifed product was prohibited from
possessing or receiving a frearm or ammunition under" 18
U. S. C. and (n) -- sales that breach, (d), or
(t)(1), for instance. Critically, both predicate-exception ex-
amples relate to the aiding and abetting of particular statu-
tory violations.
All that Mexico alleges here is that frearms-industry-wide
practices -- though lawful on their own -- facilitated dealers'
unspecifed downstream violations. Mexico does not tether
its claims to alleged statutory breaches. Ante, at 294. Nor
does it identify the dealers who would be the principals for
any underlying statutory violations, as the Court observes.
Ante, at 295 -- 296, and. At bottom, then, Mexico merely
Page Proof Pending Publication
faults the industry writ large for engaging in practices that
legislatures and voters have declined to prohibit. Ante, at
297 -- 298.
It is for these reasons that I view Mexico's allegations as
insuffcient to satisfy PLCAA's predicate exception, regard-
less of whether the business practices described might suffce
to establish aiding-and-abetting or other forms of vicarious
liability in distinct statutory or common-law contexts. Cf.
Twitter, Inc. v. Taamneh, (2023) (Jackson,
J., concurring). Devoid of nonconclusory allegations about
particular statutory violations, Mexico's lawsuit seeks to
turn the courts into common-law regulators. But Congress
passed PLCAA to preserve the primacy of the political
branches -- both state and federal -- in deciding which duties
to impose on the frearms industry. Construing PLCAA's
predicate exception to authorize lawsuits like the one Mexico
fled here would distort that basic design.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 2
Pages 656 -- 747

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 27, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
656 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION et al.
v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 24 -- 354. Argued March 26, 2025 -- Decided June 27, 2025*
The Communications Act of 1934 established the Federal Communications
Commission (FCC or Commission) and instructed it to make available
to "all the people of the United States" reliable communications services
"at reasonable charges." 47 U. S. C.. That objective is today
known as "universal service." The universal-service project arose from
the concern that pure market mechanisms would leave some population
segments -- such as the poor and those in rural areas -- without access to
needed communications services. Under the 1934 Act, the FCC pur-
sued universal service primarily through implicit subsidies, using its
rate-regulation authority to lower costs for some consumers at the ex-
pense of others.
In 1996, Congress amended the Act and created a new framework for

Page Proof Pending Publication
achieving universal service. Section 254 of the amended statute re-
quires every carrier providing interstate telecommunications services
to "contribute" to a fund, known as the Universal Service Fund. See. The FCC must use the money in the Fund to pay for
universal-service subsidy programs. See, (d), (e). The stat-
ute designates the benefciaries of universal-service subsidies -- low-
income consumers, those in rural areas, schools and libraries, and rural
hospitals. (3), (h)(1), ( j). And it provides detailed guidance
regarding the communications services to which those benefciaries
should have access. In deciding what services to subsidize, the FCC
"shall consider the extent to which" a service is "essential to education,
public health, or public safety" and has "been subscribed to by a sub-
stantial majority of residential customers." (1)(A) -- (B). So
too, the Commission must evaluate whether a service can be made avail-
able at an "affordable rate." (1). Section 254 also sets forth
"principles" on which the FCC "shall base" its universal-service policies.. Among other things, those principles direct that all consum-
ers, "including low-income consumers" and those in "rural" areas, should

*Together with No. 24 -- 422, Schools, Health, & Libraries Broadband
Coalition et al. v. Consumers' Research et al., also on certiorari to the
same court.
 Cite as: (2025) 657

Syllabus

have access to quality services at affordable prices. See ibid. The
FCC also may add "other principles" found both "consistent with" the
Act and "necessary and appropriate for the protection of the public in-
terest, convenience, and necessity." (7).
To calculate how much carriers must contribute to the Fund, the FCC
has devised a formula, known as the "contribution factor." 47 CFR.709(a). That factor is a fraction, expressed as a percentage, whose
numerator is the Fund's projected quarterly expenses (the subsidy pay-
ments it will make plus overhead) and whose denominator is contribut-
ing carriers' total projected quarterly revenue..709(a)(2). A car-
rier must pay into the Fund an amount equal to its own projected
revenue multiplied by the contribution factor..709(a)(3).
The FCC has appointed the Universal Service Administrative Com-
pany, a private, not-for-proft corporation, as the Fund's "permanent
Administrator.".701(a). The Administrator manages the Fund's
day-to-day operations and also plays a role in producing the fnancial
projections that end up determining the contribution factor. See.702, 54.709(a)(2) -- (3). Each quarter, the Administrator projects
the Fund's expenses, adds up revenue estimates it receives from carri-
ers, and submits those fgures to the Commission for approval and even-

Page Proof Pending Publication
tual use in calculating the contribution factor. See.709(a)(2) -- (3).
In December 2021, the FCC set a 25.2% contribution factor for the
frst quarter of 2022. Consumers' Research petitioned for review in the
Fifth Circuit, contending that the universal-service contribution scheme
violates the nondelegation doctrine. The en banc court granted the pe-
tition, replacing a panel decision to the contrary. See 109 F. 4th 743; 63
F. 4th 441. In the full Fifth Circuit's view, the combination of Con-
gress's delegation to the FCC and the FCC's "subdelegation" to the
Administrator violated the Constitution, even if neither delegation did
so independently. 109 F. 4th, at 778.
Held: The universal-service contribution scheme does not violate the non-
delegation doctrine. Pp. 672 -- 698.
(a) Article I of the Constitution provides that "[a]ll legislative Powers
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States.".
Accompanying that assignment of power to Congress is a bar on its
further delegation. At the same time, this Court has recognized that
Congress may "seek assistance" from its coordinate branches and
"vest discretion" in executive agencies to implement the laws it has
enacted. J. W. Hampton, Jr., & Co. v. United States,.
To distinguish between the permissible and the impermissible in this
sphere, this Court asks whether Congress has set out an "intelligible
principle" to guide what it has given the agency to do. Id., at 409.
658 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Syllabus

Under that test, Congress must make clear both "the general policy" the
agency must pursue and "the boundaries of [its] delegated authority."
American Power & Light Co. v. SEC,. Pp. 672 -- 673.
(b) Although the intelligible-principle standard has long guided this
Court's nondelegation doctrine, Consumers' Research insists that a dif-
ferent test applies here. According to Consumers' Research, universal-
service contributions are taxes. And tax statutes, Consumers' Re-
search argues, must satisfy a special nondelegation rule. For those
statutes, Congress must set a defnite or objective limit on how much
money an agency can collect -- a numeric cap, a fxed tax rate, or the
equivalent. Section 254 contains no such limit, so, in Consumers' Re-
search's view, it is unconstitutional.
The Court rejects that argument. To begin with, precedent fore-
closes it: In both J. W. Hampton, 276 U. S., at 409, and Skinner v. Mid-
America Pipeline Co., -- 221, the Court declined
requests to create a special nondelegation rule for revenue-raising legis-
lation. The test Consumers' Research proposes also would throw a
host of federal statutes into doubt, as Congress has often empowered
agencies to raise revenue without specifying a numeric cap or tax rate.
See, e. g., 12 U. S. C., 243, 1815(d)(1). Consumers' Research re-

Page Proof Pending Publication
sponds that those other statutes can be distinguished as imposing fees,
rather than taxes, and thus be exempted from its numeric-limit require-
ment. But Skinner made clear that whether a charge is a tax or a fee
is irrelevant to the nondelegation inquiry. See 490 U. S., at 223. Fi-
nally, the Consumers' Research position produces absurd results, di-
vorced from any reasonable understanding of constitutional values.
Under its view, a revenue-raising statute containing non-numeric, quali-
tative standards can never pass muster, no matter how tight the con-
straints they impose. But a revenue-raising statute with a numeric
limit will always pass muster, even if it effectively leaves an agency
with boundless power. In precluding the former and approving the lat-
ter, the Consumers' Research approach does nothing to vindicate the
nondelegation doctrine or the separation of powers. Pp. 673 -- 680.
(c) Under the usual intelligible-principle test, the universal-service
contribution scheme clears the nondelegation bar. Section 254 directs
the FCC to collect contributions that are "sufficient" to support
universal-service programs. (5), (d), (e). The word "suffi-
cient" sets both a foor and a ceiling -- the FCC cannot raise less than
what is adequate or necessary to fnance its universal-service programs,
but it also cannot raise more than that amount. And the "suffciency"
ceiling imposes a meaningful limit on the Commission, because Section
254 also provides appropriate guidance about the nature and content of
universal service. The statute makes clear whom the program is in-
 Cite as: (2025) 659

Syllabus

tended to serve: those in rural and other high-cost areas (with a special
nod to rural hospitals), low-income consumers, and schools and libraries.
See (3), (6), (h)(1). And it also defnes the services those bene-
fciaries should receive. In order for the FCC to subsidize a service, the
service must be subscribed to by a substantial majority of residential
customers, available at affordable rates, and essential to education, pub-
lic health, or safety. (1), (3), (c)(1)(A) -- (B). Those conditions,
each alone and together, provide the FCC with determinate standards
for operating the universal-service program.
Consumers' Research contends that the Act gives the FCC boundless
authority, but the provisions it points to show nothing of the kind. It
frst argues that the Commission need not actually adhere to each of the
criteria Section 254 uses to defne universal service. Properly under-
stood, however, those criteria are separately mandatory. Next, Con-
sumers' Research highlights Section 254(c)(1)'s description of universal
service as an "evolving level of telecommunications services that the
Commission shall establish periodically" in light of advances in technol-
ogy. That provision, it says, enables the FCC to redefne universal
service as it sees ft. But the permission Congress gave the FCC to
fund different services over time does not strip the statute of standards

Page Proof Pending Publication
and constraints. The Commission still may fund only essential, widely
used, and affordable services, for the beneft of only designated recipi-
ents. Finally, Consumers' Research maintains that the statutory provi-
sion enabling the FCC to articulate "[a]dditional principles" to guide its
universal-service policies allows the agency to rewrite its own authority.
(7). But that is not so, because Section 254(b)(7) requires the
added principles to be "consistent with" the rest of the statute. So they
cannot change the statute's other principles, much less its conditions on
what subsidies can go toward and who can receive them. Pp. 680 -- 691.
(d) Consumers' Research separately claims that the FCC has imper-
missibly delegated authority to the Administrator to set the contribution
factor. In making this argument, Consumers' Research invokes what
is commonly called the private nondelegation doctrine. In Carter v.
Carter Coal Co., this Court struck down a statute
authorizing certain coal producers to set rules for the rest of the indus-
try, fnding the delegation improper because it was made to "private
persons whose interests" are often "adverse to the interests of others."
But a counterpart case, Sunshine Anthracite Coal Co. v. Adkins, approved a statute permitting private actors to make
recommendations to a Government agency for "approv[al], disapprov[al],
or modif[cation]." That arrangement was valid, because the private
parties "function[ed] subordinately to" the agency and were subject to
its "authority and surveillance." Id., at 399.
660 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Syllabus

Under those precedents, the Commission's use of the Administrator
is permissible. The Administrator is broadly subordinate to the Com-
mission: The Commission appoints the Administrator's Board of Direc-
tors, approves its budget, and requires the Administrator to act "consist-
ent with" its rules and directives. 47 CFR.703(b) -- (c), 54.715(c);
Memorandum of Understanding Between the Federal Communications
Commission and the Universal Service Administrative Company 2 (Oct.
17, 2024). And the Commission's authority and oversight over the Ad-
ministrator extend to determining the contribution factor. Working
within FCC rules, the Administrator produces the initial projections of
carrier revenues and Fund expenses that feed into the contribution fac-
tor..709(a)(2) -- (3). The Administrator then reports its fgures to
the Commission, which reviews -- and if needed, revises -- the projections
before approving them and publishing the contribution factor. See.709(a)(3). The Commission then has 14 days to make additional
changes before the factor is "deemed approved by the Commission."
Ibid. So although the Administrator makes recommendations, the
Commission is, throughout, the fnal authority. Pp. 692 -- 695.
(e) The Court also rejects the basis of the decision below: that the
"combination" of Congress's grant of authority to the FCC and the

Page Proof Pending Publication
FCC's reliance on the Administrator violates the Constitution, even if
neither one does so alone. 109 F. 4th, at 778 (emphasis in original).
The Fifth Circuit founded that theory on Free Enterprise Fund v. Pub-
lic Company Accounting Oversight Bd., -- 484, where
this Court struck down a statute because it gave an executive offcer
two "layers of protection" from the President's removal authority.
Even granting that each layer of protection was alone permissible, the
Court thought the combination was too much. According to the Fifth
Circuit, similar reasoning applied here: Even if Congress lawfully con-
ferred discretion on the Commission and the Commission lawfully
sought assistance from the Administrator, the combination was imper-
missible. 109 F. 4th, at 778. But the court's logic does not work. In
Free Enterprise Fund, the two layers of for-cause protection operated
on a single axis, with the one exacerbating the other. That is not the
case here: A law violates the traditional nondelegation doctrine when
it authorizes an agency to legislate. And a law violates the private
nondelegation doctrine when it allows non-governmental entities to gov-
ern. Those doctrines do not operate on the same axis. So a measure
implicating (but not violating) one does not compound a measure impli-
cating (but not violating) the other, in a way that pushes the combina-
tion over a constitutional line. Pp. 696 -- 698.
109 F. 4th 743, reversed and remanded.
 Cite as: (2025) 661

Syllabus

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Sotomayor, Kavanaugh, Barrett, and Jackson, JJ., joined. Ka-
vanaugh, J., post, p. 698, and Jackson, J., post, p. 710, fled concurring
opinions. Gorsuch, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Thomas and
Alito, JJ., joined, post, p. 711.

Acting Solicitor General Harris argued the cause for peti-
tioners in No. 24 -- 354. On the briefs were former Solicitor
General Prelogar, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor General Stewart, Vivek
Suri, Mark B. Stern, Gerard J. Sinzdak, Jacob M. Lewis, and
James M. Carr.
Paul D. Clement argued the cause for petitioners in No.
24 -- 422. With him on the briefs for petitioner Competitive
Carriers Association et al. in both cases were C. Harker
Rhodes IV, Kevin Wynosky, and Jennifer Tatel. Christo-
pher J. Wright fled briefs for petitioner SHLB Coalition
et al. in both cases. With him on the brief were Sean A.

Page Proof Pending Publication
Lev, Jason Neal, Mohammad M. Ali, and Andrew Jay
Schwartzman.
R. Trent McCotter argued the cause for respondents in
both cases. With him on the briefs were Jonathan Berry,
Michael Buschbacher, Jared M. Kelson, James R. Conde,
Robert Henneke, and Chance Weldon.†
†Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal in both cases were fled for the
State of Alaska by Treg Taylor, Attorney General of Alaska, and Laura
Wolff, Assistant Attorney General; for the State of Colorado et al. by
Philip J. Weiser, Attorney General of Colorado, Shannon Stevenson, Solic-
itor General, Russell D. Johnson, Deputy Solicitor General, Judson Cary
and Michel Singer Nelson, Senior Assistant Attorneys General, and
Dayna Zolle Hauser, Assistant Solicitor General, and by the Attorneys
General for their respective jurisdictions as follows: Kris Mayes of Ari-
zona, William Tong of Connecticut, Kathleen Jennings of Delaware,
Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Anne E. Lopez of Hawaii,
Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M. Frey of Maine, Anthony G. Brown of
Maryland, Andrea Joy Campbell of Massachusetts, Dana Nessel of Michi-
gan, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Aaron D. Ford of Nevada, Matthew J.
Platkin of New Jersey, Letitia A. James of New York, Jeff Jackson of
North Carolina, Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, Peter F. Neronha of
662 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
Nearly a century ago, Congress charged the then-new Fed-
eral Communications Commission (FCC or Commission)

Rhode Island, Marty Jackley of South Dakota, Charity R. Clark of Ver-
mont, Josh Kaul of Wisconsin, and Bridget Hill of Wyoming; for AASA -- 
The School Superintendents Association et al. by Ari Holtzblatt; for the
American Library Association by Bryan Killian and Kimberly L. Morn-
ing; for Bipartisan Former Commissioners of the Federal Communications
Commission by Peter Karanjia; for CoBank, ACB, et al. by Andrew D.
Lipman and Russell M. Blau; for Former Leadership of the Universal
Service Administrative Co. by Gina Spade and Jennifer McKee; for the
Local Government Legal Center et al. by Tillman L. Lay, Gregory M.
Caffas, and Amanda Karras; for Members of Congress by Kevin F. King;
for the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners by
James Braford Ramsay; for the National Lifeline Association et al. by
Miles E. Coleman, John J. Heitmann, Christian J. Myers, William A.
Rivera, Louis Lopez, and David S. Yellin; for the Oglala Sioux Tribe by
Mario Gonzalez and Majel Russell; for Public Citizen by Nicolas A. San-

Page Proof Pending Publication
sone, Allison M. Zieve, and Scott L. Nelson; for Public Knowledge et al.
by John Bergmayer, Greg Guice, and Matthew Holder; for State-Level
Associations by Edward A. Yorkgitis, Jr., and Ira T. Kasdan; for WTA -- 
Advocates for Rural Broadband by Michael F. Smith; and for Julian Davis
Mortenson et al. by Elizabeth B. Wydra, Brianne J. Gorod, and Brian R.
Frazelle. Jeffrey B. Wall, Morgan L. Ratner, and Christopher J. Walker
fled a brief in both cases for the Chamber of Commerce of the United
States of America urging vacatur.
Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal in No. 24 -- 354 were fled for the
National Foreign Trade Council by Alan B. Morrison; for NCTA -- The
Internet & Television Association et al. by Samuel L. Feder, Matthew S.
Hellman, Rick C. Chessen, Russell P. Hanser, and Eve L. Hill; and for
Gerard N. Magliocca et al. by Gerard N. Magliocca, pro se.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance in both cases were fled for the
State of West Virginia et al. by John B. McCuskey, Attorney General of
West Virginia, Michael R. Williams, Solicitor General, Rusty D. Crandell,
and Linley Wilson, and by the Attorneys General for their respective
States as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Tim Griffn of Arkansas,
James Uthmeier of Florida, Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana, Kris Kobach
of Kansas, Liz Murrill of Louisiana, Andrew Bailey of Missouri, Austin
Knudsen of Montana, Dave Yost of Ohio, Gentner Drummond of Okla-
homa, Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee,
Ken Paxton of Texas, and Jason Miyares of Virginia; for the Alliance
 Cite as: (2025) 663

Opinion of the Court

with making communications services available, at affordable
prices, to all Americans. That objective became known as
"universal service." Some decades on, near the turn of the
21st century, Congress reaffrmed its commitment to univer-
sal service while providing new and more detailed instruc-
tions to the FCC about how to achieve it. Under the
amended statutory plan, the FCC would use required pay-
ments, called contributions, from telecommunications compa-
nies to subsidize basic communications services for consum-
ers in certain underserved communities -- particularly, rural

Defending Freedom by Jacob P. Warner, James A. Campbell, and John J.
Bursch; for Americans for Prosperity Foundation by Michael Pepson; for
the Cato Institute et al. by Thomas Berry, Brent Skorup, Charles M.
Brandt, and Ilya Shapiro; for the Firearms Policy Coalition, Inc., et al. by
David H. Thompson and Peter A. Patterson; for the Immigration Reform
Law Institute by Christopher J. Hajec; for the National Federation of
Independent Business Small Business Legal Center, Inc., et al. by Jay C.

Page Proof Pending Publication
Johnson and Craig Gilley; for the National Taxpayers Union Foundation
by Tyler Martinez; for the Southeastern Legal Foundation by Braden H.
Boucek and Celia Howard O'Leary; and for TechFreedom by Corbin K.
Barthold.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance in No. 24 -- 354 were fled for
The Buckeye Institute by David C. Tryon and Alex M. Certo; for the
Foundation for Government Accountability by David J. Craig; for the Pa-
cifc Legal Foundation by Luke A. Wake and Frank D. Garrison; and for
Chad Squitieri by Andrew S. Tulumello.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled in both cases for the Ad Hoc Health-
care Group by James U. Troup and Jeffrey A. Mitchell; for Advancing
American Freedom et al. by J. Marc Wheat; for the Aleutian Pribilof Is-
lands Association, Inc., et al. by Geoffrey D. Strommer and Caroline
P. Mayhew; for the America First Legal Foundation by Christopher E.
Mills and Reed D. Rubinstein; for America's Future et al. by William
J. Olson, Jeremiah L. Morgan, and Michael Boos; for the Competitive
Enterprise Institute by Devin Watkins; for the Lawyers' Committee for
Civil Rights Under Law et al. by Damon Hewitt, Dariely Rodriguez, Gil-
lian Cassell-Stiga, and Marc Epstein; for the Mackinac Center for Public
Policy et al. by Alex T. MacDonald; for the New Civil Liberties Alliance
by Zhonette M. Brown and Markham S. Chenoweth; for the Reason Foun-
dation by Alexander Volokh; for Reed Smith LLP by Kyle O. Sollie; and
for Ilan Wurman, pro se.
664 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

and low-income areas. To carry out that mandate, the Com-
mission established discrete subsidy programs for the con-
sumers Congress had identifed, set up a special fund to re-
ceive and disburse the companies' payments, and enlisted a
private corporation, called the Universal Service Adminis-
trative Company, to help manage that fund's operations.
The question in this case is whether the universal-service
scheme -- more particularly, its contribution mechanism -- vi-
olates the Constitution's nondelegation doctrine, either be-
cause Congress has given away its power to the FCC or
because the FCC has given away its power to a private com-
pany. We hold that no impermissible transfer of authority
has occurred. Under our nondelegation precedents, Con-
gress suffciently guided and constrained the discretion that
it lodged with the FCC to implement the universal-service
contribution scheme. And the FCC, in its turn, has retained
all decision-making authority within that sphere, relying on

Page Proof Pending Publication
the Administrative Company only for non-binding advice.
Nothing in those arrangements, either separately or to-
gether, violates the Constitution.

I
A
The Communications Act of 1934, ch. 652, 48 Stat. 1064,
established the FCC and empowered it to regulate communi-
cations services. In the Act's very frst provision, Congress
instructed the FCC to pursue the goal now called universal
service. The FCC, Congress stated, was "to make available,
so far as possible, to all the people of the United States,"
reliable communications services "at reasonable charges."
47 U. S. C..
The universal-service project arose from the concern that
pure market mechanisms would leave some segments of the
population without access to needed communications serv-
ices. That is because providers of those services, also called
carriers, can reap greater profts from some classes of cus-
 Cite as: (2025) 665

Opinion of the Court

tomers than from others. Carriers, for example, make more
money in urban areas than in rural ones because fxed costs
in cities are spreadable over many more users. See S. Ben-
jamin et al., Telecommunications Law and Policy.3.1,
p. 763 (2d ed. 2006); In re Federal-State Joint Bd. on Univer-
sal Serv., 12 FCC Rcd. 8776, 8784 (1997) (Universal Service
Order). Similarly, carriers may prefer to focus on business
customers instead of residential or not-for-proft customers
(like schools and libraries) because the former are willing to
pay more for the same services. See id., at 8784. So carri-
ers have incentives to neglect some kinds of customers in
providing services or setting prices. See P. Huber, M. Kel-
logg, & J. Thorne, Federal Telecommunications Law.1.2,
pp. 6 -- 9, 6 -- 10, and (3d ed. Supp. 2022). The result, poli-
cymakers thought, would be severe inequities in access to
communications systems, and a swiss-cheese-like communi-
cations network for the whole country. See ibid.; Universal
Page Proof Pending Publication
Service Order, 12 FCC Rcd., at 8780 -- 8781, 8783.
Under the original Act, the FCC addressed that concern -- 
and promoted universal service -- through a "patchwork quilt
of implicit and explicit subsidies." FCC, Report to Con-
gress 5 (FCC 98 -- 67, 1998). The earliest and dominant
squares of that quilt were implicit subsidies, provided under
the FCC's authority to set "just and reasonable" rates. See
Universal Service Order, 12 FCC Rcd., at 8784; 47 U. S. C.. Carriers then operated as regulated monopolies,
with the FCC (and its state counterparts) superintending
the rates they could charge different kinds of customers for
different services. See Universal Service Order, 12 FCC
Rcd., at 8784 -- 8785; Huber, Federal Telecommunications Law.1.1.2, p. 6 -- 7. And regulators used that authority over
rates to shift costs: Long-distance rates were set enough
above cost "to subsidize local rates, business rates to subsi-
dize [non-business] rates, and urban rates to subsidize rural
rates." Id., p. 6 -- 7. So, for example, a "large New York
[City] brokerage frm making heavy use of long-distance
666 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

service" would end up "subsidiz[ing] the local services of
homeowners in Fishkill." Ibid.; see Universal Service
Order, 12 FCC Rcd., at 8784. Over time, though, towns like
Fishkill benefted as well from explicit subsidy programs.
The FCC, for example, began in the 1980s to levy assess-
ments on long-distance carriers and disburse the proceeds to
carriers serving high-cost communities. See id., at 8890 -- 
8892; 47 CFR.601 -- 36.641, 69.116(a) (1996). And the
FCC began, through the so-called Lifeline program, to make
payments directly reducing low-income consumers' monthly
phone bills. See Universal Service Order, 12 FCC Rcd., at
8957 -- 8958;.104( j) -- (l), 69.117, 69.203(f) -- (g).
In 1996, Congress overhauled the Act to "promote compe-
tition and reduce regulation" in the telecommunications sec-
tor. See Telecommunications Act, 110 Stat. 56. As part of
those reforms, Congress created a new framework for
achieving universal service. The amended Act discarded
Page Proof Pending Publication
the implicit subsidies embedded in ratemaking and substi-
tuted a plan for explicit transfer payments to ensure that
basic communications services extend across the country.
See ; Universal Service Order, 12 FCC Rcd., at 8783 -- 
8784.
Section 254 of the amended statute requires every carrier
providing interstate telecommunications services to "con-
tribute," in line with the statute and FCC rules, to a fund
designed to "preserve and advance universal service.". The FCC must use the money in that fund, now
known as the Universal Service Fund, to pay for subsidy
programs for designated populations and facilities needing
improved access. See, (e); Wisconsin Bell, Inc. v.
United States ex rel. Heath, -- 144 (2025).
The statute, for example, continues the Lifeline program aid-
ing low-income individuals. See. It directs the FCC
to provide assistance to rural hospitals, as well as to schools
and libraries. See (1). And it instructs the FCC to
expand communications access for consumers in "rural" and
 Cite as: (2025) 667

Opinion of the Court

other "high cost areas." (3). The carrier contribu-
tions collected to support those programs, the Act further
provides, must be "suffcient" to carry them out and so to
"advance universal service." -- (e).
The statute also provides detailed guidance for identifying
the specifc communications services to which the statute's
benefciaries should have access. On the one hand, the Act
recognizes that those services, given the expected pace of
technological change, are unlikely to stay static: Universal
service, says the statute, is "an evolving level of telecommu-
nications services that the Commission shall establish peri-
odically" as it accounts for "advances in telecommunications
and information technologies and services." (1).
On the other hand, the Act specifes the relevant criteria in
every period. In deciding which communications services
the "defnition" of universal service encompasses, the FCC
"shall consider the extent to which" a service (1) is "essential
Page Proof Pending Publication
to education, public health, or public safety"; (2) has, through
market forces, "been subscribed to by a substantial majority
of residential customers"; and (3) is in fact "being deployed in
public telecommunications networks by telecommunications
carriers." (1)(A) -- (C). So too, the Commission
must evaluate whether a service can be made available at
an "affordable rate." (1). Congress thus struck a
balance in establishing universal service's metes and
bounds -- affording the FCC latitude to adapt to technological
developments, but insisting that the FCC always look to
whether services are essential, affordable, and widely used.
Echoing the provisions just described, Congress also listed
six "principles" on which the FCC "shall base" all its
universal-service policies.. First, "[q]uality serv-
ices should be available at just, reasonable, and affordable
rates." (1). Second, "all regions of the Nation"
should have access to those services. (2). Third, all
consumers, "including low-income consumers and those in
rural, insular, and high cost areas," should have access to
668 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

services that are "reasonably comparable" in quality and
price to those in urban areas. (3). Fourth, every
carrier should make "an equitable and nondiscriminatory
contribution" to the achievement of universal service.
(4). Fifth, the subsidies given to advance that goal
should be "specific, predictable[,] and sufficient. "
(5). And sixth, "schools," "libraries," and "health
care providers" should have access to services. (6).
That list concludes with a provision enabling the FCC to add
"other principles" found both "consistent with" the Act and
"necessary and appropriate for the protection of the public
interest, convenience, and necessity." (7).
The Commission now operates, under the terms of the Act,
four universal-service programs. Lifeline, which predated
the Act, gives low-income consumers a markdown on their
monthly phone bills, usually of $9.25 per month. See
; 47 CFR.400 -- 54.424 (2024); supra, at 666. The
Page Proof Pending Publication
High Cost program, which similarly built on a pre-1996 ex-
plicit subsidy program, furnishes carriers with funds en-
abling them to provide basic communications services in
"rural, insular, and [other] high cost areas" at costs compara-
ble to those charged in urban areas. (3);.302 -- 
54.322; supra, at 666. The E-Rate program subsidizes com-
munications services for schools and libraries across the
country, with greater discounts going to facilities in rural or
low-income areas. See (6), (h)(1)(B);.500 -- 
54.523; Wisconsin Bell, 604 U. S., at 144. And fnally, the
Rural Health program supports rural hospitals and other
health care facilities, enabling them to use telemedicine in car-
ing for far-fung patients and ensuring that they receive the
needed communications services at roughly the rates urban
facilities pay. See (6), (h)(1)(A);.600 -- 54.633.
To calculate how much carriers must contribute to the
Fund for those programs, the FCC has devised a formula,
known as the "contribution factor." 47 CFR.709(a).
That factor is a fraction, expressed as a percentage, whose
 Cite as: (2025) 669

Opinion of the Court

numerator is the Fund's projected expenses for the upcoming
quarter (the subsidy payments it will make plus overhead)
and whose denominator is the total projected revenue of
contributing carriers during that same period. See.709(a)(2). A carrier must pay into the Fund an amount
equal to its own projected revenue multiplied by the contri-
bution factor. See.709(a)(3). So, for example, if the
FCC forecasts that it will need, in a given quarter, 25% of
all carrier revenues to cover the costs of its universal-service
programs, a carrier expecting to generate $100 million in
revenue in that quarter will have to contribute $25 million.
The carrier may then pass along to its customers the cost of
its contributions. See.712(a). Every quarter, the FCC
updates its expense and revenue projections, comes up with
a new contribution factor, and announces it in a public notice.
See.709(a)(2) -- (3). During the next 14 days, the FCC
may revise the factor as it thinks proper. See.709(a)(3).
Page Proof Pending Publication
If the FCC takes no action within that period, the factor is
"deemed approved by the Commission" and goes into effect.
Ibid. Carriers must then kick in to the Fund accordingly.
The FCC in 1998 appointed the Universal Service Admin-
istrative Company as the Fund's "permanent Administra-
tor.".701(a). The Administrator, as we will call it, is a
private, not-for-proft corporation owned by an association of
carriers. See.5; Wisconsin Bell, 604 U. S., at 144. It
manages the day-to-day operations of the Fund, "bill[ing]
and collect[ing] contributions from carriers" and "distribut-
[ing] the resulting pot of money, as FCC rules provide, to
program benefciaries." Ibid.; see.702. More relevant
here, the Administrator plays a role each quarter in produc-
ing the fnancial projections that end up determining
the contribution factor. See.709(a)(2) -- (3). Specifi-
cally, the Administrator estimates the Fund's expenses
(again, the costs of the programs plus overhead) and adds up
the estimates it receives from individual carriers about their
revenues. See ibid. The Administrator then submits those
670 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

fgures, along with supporting documentation, to the Com-
mission for approval and eventual use in calculating required
contributions. See ibid.
B
In December 2021, the FCC proposed a contribution factor
of 25.2% for the frst quarter of 2022. Respondents -- the
non-proft organization Consumers' Research, a carrier, and
several consumers (collectively, Consumers' Research) -- fled
comments (during the 14-day, post-notice period described
above) requesting that the FCC instead set the contribution
factor at 0%. In support of that submission, Consumers'
Research argued that the universal-service contribution
scheme violates the Constitution's nondelegation rule. The
Commission took no action in response, so the 25.2% contri-
bution factor went into effect.
Consumers' Research then petitioned for review in the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The en banc court
Page Proof Pending Publication
granted the petition, replacing a panel decision to the con-
trary. See 109 F. 4th 743 (2024); 63 F. 4th 441 (2023). In
the full Fifth Circuit's view, the universal-service contribu-
tion mechanism is unconstitutional because of its so-called
"double-layered delegation." 109 F. 4th, at 782.
The court's analysis proceeded by expressing "skepti-
c[ism]" about each of two aspects of the contribution scheme,
while declining to rule on either one. Id., at 778. First, the
court stated, Congress in Section 254 "may have delegated
legislative power" to the FCC by giving it "the power to
tax" carriers "without supplying an intelligible principle to
guide [its] discretion." Id., at 756. The court described
Section 254's limits on the Commission's authority as "mini-
mal," "contentless," and "amorphous." Id., at 760, 761, 767.
Nonetheless, the court decided not to decide whether Con-
gress had impermissibly transferred authority to the Com-
mission. Id., at 767. Second, the court continued, the Com-
mission "may have impermissibly delegated the taxing
power to private entities" by involving the Administrator in
 Cite as: (2025) 671

Opinion of the Court

setting contribution amounts. Id., at 756. The court pos-
ited that the FCC had "de facto abdicate[d]" governmental
responsibilities to the Administrator by giving it the "fnal
say" on how much carriers pay into the Fund. Id., at 771.
Again, however, the court demurred as to the bottom line,
reserving judgment on whether the Administrator's role in
the contribution scheme violates the Constitution. See id.,
at 778.
The dispositive constitutional problem, the Fifth Circuit
ultimately held, is "the combination of Congress's sweeping
delegation to FCC and FCC's unauthorized subdelegation"
to the Administrator. Ibid. (emphasis in original). Relying
heavily on this Court's decision in Free Enterprise Fund v.
Public Company Accounting Oversight Bd., 
(2010), the court opined that "two or more things that are
not independently unconstitutional can combine to violate
the Constitution's separation of powers." 109 F. 4th, at 778

Page Proof Pending Publication
(emphasis in original). And that was true here for a pair
of reasons. The "double-layered delegation," the court
thought, had "no foothold in history or tradition." Id., at
782. And, the court went on, that delegation "undermine[s]
democratic accountability" by obscuring whether Congress,
the FCC, or the Administrator bears responsibility for the
amount of contributions. Id., at 783 -- 784.
We granted certiorari, (2024), and now re-
verse the decision below.1 In this Court, Consumers' Re-

1
When we granted certiorari, we asked the parties to address whether
this case is moot. The parties agree that it is not moot, and we do too.
The relevant facts are as follows. Consumers' Research fled suit to avoid
payments arising from the contribution factor that the FCC set for the
frst quarter of 2022. But by now Consumers' Research has made those
payments, and a court might not be able to order a refund. Assuming
not, the case would be moot -- except that it qualifes as "capable of repeti-
tion, yet evading review." Kingdomware Technologies, Inc. v. United
States, (2016). A given contribution factor is in effect
for only three months, a period "too short to complete judicial review of
[its] lawfulness." Ibid. And "it is reasonable to expect" that Consumers'
672 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

search separates what the Fifth Circuit combined. It con-
tends (as it did below) that Congress's delegation to the FCC
violates the Constitution, and that the FCC's delegation to
the Administrator does so too. We reject each argument,
and also reject the Fifth Circuit's combination theory.

II
Article I of the Constitution provides that "[a]ll legislative
Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the
United States.". Accompanying that assignment of
power to Congress is a bar on its further delegation: Legisla-
tive power, we have held, belongs to the legislative branch,
and to no other. See Whitman v. American Trucking
Assns., Inc., (2001). At the same time, we
have recognized that Congress may "seek assistance" from
its coordinate branches to secure the "effect intended by its
acts of legislation." J. W. Hampton, Jr., & Co. v. United
Page Proof Pending Publication
States, (1928). And in particular, Con-
gress may "vest discretion" in executive agencies to imple-
ment and apply the laws it has enacted -- for example, by de-
ciding on "the details of [their] execution." Ibid.; see
Wayman v. Southard, 10 Wheat. 1, 46 (1825) ("[T]he maker
of the law may commit something to the discretion of the
other departments"); Whitman, 531 U. S., at 474 -- 475 (A "de-
gree of policy judgment" can "be left to those executing or
applying the law").

Research will have to make the same kind of payments again. Ibid. So
the case, as the Fifth Circuit concluded, is not moot. See 109 F. 4th 743,
753 (2024). Several other courts of appeals would have arrived at the
opposite conclusion, because they require a party to seek preliminary re-
lief in order to avail itself of the capable-of-repetition rule. See, e. g.,
Newdow v. Roberts, 603 F. 3d 1002, 1008 -- 1009 (CADC 2010), cert. denied,
(2011). But our decisions have never hinted at such a re-
quirement. See, e. g., Kingdomware Technologies, 579 U. S., at 170; SEC
v. Sloan, -- 110 (1978). And for good reason: The "capable
of repetition" rule applies because of the nature of some controversies, not
because of the parties' litigating decisions.
 Cite as: (2025) 673

Opinion of the Court

To distinguish between the permissible and the impermis-
sible in this sphere, we have long asked whether Congress
has set out an "intelligible principle" to guide what it has
given the agency to do. J. W. Hampton, 276 U. S., at 409.
Under that test, "the degree of agency discretion that is ac-
ceptable varies according to the scope of the power congres-
sionally conferred." Whitman, 531 U. S., at 475. The
"guidance" needed is greater, we have explained, when an
agency action will "affect the entire national economy" than
when it addresses a narrow, technical issue (e. g., the defni-
tion of "country [grain] elevators"). Ibid. But in examin-
ing a statute for the requisite intelligible principle, we have
generally assessed whether Congress has made clear both
"the general policy" that the agency must pursue and "the
boundaries of [its] delegated authority. " Amer ican
Power & Light Co. v. SEC, (1946). And
similarly, we have asked if Congress has provided suffcient

Page Proof Pending Publication
standards to enable both "the courts and the public [to] as-
certain whether the agency" has followed the law. OPP
Cotton Mills, Inc. v. Administrator of Wage and Hour Div.,
Dept. of Labor, (1941). If Congress has
done so -- as we have almost always found -- then we will not
disturb its grant of authority.

A
Although the intelligible-principle standard has focused
our nondelegation doctrine for a century, Consumers' Re-
search and the dissent primarily argue that we must apply
a different test here. Section 254, as just described, author-
izes the Commission to raise revenue in the form of carrier
"contribut[ions]" for universal-service programs. ;
see supra, at 666. Consumers' Research views those re-
quired contributions as taxes. See Brief for Respondents 25 -- 
29; see also post, at 722, 738 -- 739 (Gorsuch, J., dissenting).
And it argues that tax statutes -- and probably all revenue-
raising statutes -- have to satisfy a special nondelegation rule.
674 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

For those statutes, Congress must set a "defnite" or "objec-
tive limit" on how much money an agency can collect -- a nu-
meric cap, a fxed rate, or the equivalent. Brief for Re-
spondents 32, 36; see id., at 33 -- 35; see also post, at 723 -- 725
(stating that a "tax rate" is likely required, but a "cap" may
also suffce). Without such a limit, Consumers' Research
claims, no intelligible principle (however constraining) will
do. See Brief for Respondents 46, 66. And all agree that
Section 254 contains no determinate cap or formula. So, on
Consumers' Research's telling, it effects an unconstitutional
delegation.2
But this Court's precedents foreclose that argument.
Twice before, we have rejected a party's request to create a
special nondelegation rule for revenue-raising legislation.
In J. W. Hampton, a taxpayer contended that when Congress
is "exercis[ing] the power to levy taxes and fx customs du-
ties," it lacks the usual leeway to confer discretion on agen-

Page Proof Pending Publication
cies. 276 U. S., at 409. "The [legal] authorities," the Court
responded, "make no such distinction." Ibid. And then the
Court set out the "intelligible principle" standard as the uni-
versal method for assessing delegations. Ibid. More than
sixty years later, we reiterated that holding. In Skinner v.
Mid-America Pipeline Co., (1989), another
litigant urged that "Congress' taxing power" can be dele-
gated only "with much stricter guidelines" than are normally
used. Citing J. W. Hampton, we again -- and unanimously -- 
rejected that "two-tiered theory of nondelegation." 490
U. S., at 220 -- 221. "[N]othing" in the Constitution's text or
structure, Skinner explained, "distinguish[es] Congress'
power to tax from its other enumerated powers" "in terms

2
Although endorsing the same rule as Consumers' Research, the dissent
claims that the rule is merely an application of the intelligible-principle
test. See post, at 723 -- 724. That is mistaken: The intelligible-principle
test requires an intelligible principle, not a "prescribed... tax rate."
Post, at 723. So what we say about the Consumers' Research position
generally goes as well for the dissent's.
 Cite as: (2025) 675

Opinion of the Court

of the scope and degree of discretionary authority that Con-
gress may delegate to the Executive." Ibid. Nor, the
Court added, did history at all distinguish the two. See id.,
at 221 ("From its earliest days to the present, Congress,
when enacting tax legislation," has at times delegated "dis-
cretionary authority" to the Executive). So whether or not
a tax is at issue -- so say our cases -- the usual nondelegation
standard applies. And that standard is, again, trained on
intelligible principles, not on numeric caps and "mathemati-
cal formula[s]." United States v. Rock Royal Co-operative,
Inc., (1939); see supra, at 673.3
The alternative test Consumers' Research and the dissent
propose also would throw a host of federal statutes into
doubt. Relying on this Court's nondelegation precedents,
Congress has often enacted statutes empowering agencies to
raise revenue without specifying a numeric cap or tax rate.
See Reply Brief for Federal Petitioners 7 -- 9 (listing nine "ex-

Page Proof Pending Publication
ample[s]"). Indeed, such statutes are endemic in the sphere
of fnancial regulation. The Federal Reserve Board, for in-
stance, funds its operations by levying on Federal Reserve
Banks "an assessment suffcient to pay its estimated ex-
3
The dissent's attempt to deal with these precedents is not successful.
Relegating discussion of J. W. Hampton to a footnote, the dissent refuses
to acknowledge that decision's categorical rejection of a different nondele-
gation standard for tax statutes than for others. See post, at 737,.
The dissent contends that the tax at issue there could have met its own
rate-or-cap test, but glosses over that the Court instead asked only about
intelligible principles. See ibid. And although the dissent suggests oth-
erwise, J. W. Hampton's holding that the statute had an intelligible princi-
ple in no way hinged on the existence of a numeric rate or cap. See 276
U. S., at 404 -- 405. The dissent's discussion of Skinner is not much better.
Our holding there compels the dissent to say that it is not proposing a
"different and stricter" test for "when Congress delegates the power to
tax." Post, at 723. But in the same paragraph, the dissent does just
that: It asserts that a delegation involving the taxing power "must supply
more signifcant limits on an agency's discretion" than one involving other
Government powers. Ibid. And so the dissent collides with both J. W.
Hampton and Skinner.
676 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

penses." 12 U. S. C.. The Offce of the Comptroller of
the Currency (OCC) likewise "collect[s] " from OCC-
chartered banks an "assessment, fee, or other charge" as the
Offce "determines is necessary or appropriate to carry out
[its] responsibilities.". And the Deposit Insurance
Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC),
which protects the savings of millions of Americans, is f-
nanced through charges on banks "which the Corporation
may by regulation prescribe, after giving due consideration
to the need to establish and maintain the [Fund's] reserve
ratio. " (1). In none of those (or many other)
revenue-raising statutes does a number appear. So all
would be on the constitutional chopping block under Con-
sumers' Research's reasoning.
Consumers' Research is conficted about how to approach
that problem, but sometimes tries to draw a line between
taxes and fees. Our decision in National Cable Television
Page Proof Pending Publication
Assn., Inc. v. United States, (1974) (NCTA),
recognized that distinction, as Consumers' Research notes.
See Brief for Respondents 28. We there described "fees" as
"bestow[ing]" a reciprocal "beneft on the [payor], not shared
by other members of society." NCTA, 415 U. S., at 341. By
contrast, "taxes" are expected to "inure to the beneft" of
the wider public. Id., at 343. In its brief, Consumers' Re-
search argues that its numeric-cap standard applies to both
taxes and fees: As to either, Congress's delegation to an
agency must include an "objective upper limit." Brief for
Respondents 37; see id., at 36 -- 38. At argument, however,
Consumers' Research relied on the tax vs. fee distinction to
get out from under the long list of statutes its position places
in jeopardy. Most of those statutes, it argued, involve not
taxes but fees, where the charge refects simply "the value
of the beneft to the" payor. Tr. of Oral Arg. 134; see id., at
148. So, Consumers' Research suggested, if we label carrier
contributions "taxes" and then make only taxes subject to
the numeric-limit requirement, there would be minimal fall-
 Cite as: (2025) 677

Opinion of the Court

out from adopting its position. See ibid. The dissent joins
Consumers' Research in pressing that argument. See post,
at 733 -- 739.
But the problems with going down that road are substan-
tial. First and as already shown, precedent forecloses it.
Indeed, in rejecting a stricter test for delegations made
"under Congress' taxing power," Skinner specifcally noted
that its position rendered irrelevant the question (which, we
noted, "so exercised the District Court") whether the
charges there were "user fees" or a "form of taxation." 490
U. S., at 223. Either way, the Court held, the delegation in-
quiry was just the same, and just the usual one. See ibid.4
Second, Consumers' Research offers no argument for why
categorizing something as a fee rather than a tax should mat-
ter for delegation purposes. To the contrary, its brief sug-
gests the difference should make no difference -- that instead
all revenue-raising measures should be treated the same.

Page Proof Pending Publication
Brief for Respondents 36 -- 38; Tr. of Oral Arg. 132 -- 133 (re-
peating the point). The distinction is proposed only as an
artifcial method for limiting the effects of a holding in Con-
sumers' Research's favor, should the court be too squeamish
to go all the way.
And third, the distinction between taxes and fees, even if
occasionally needed, is a morass -- or as the Government
(which levies both) puts it, "unbelievably murky in practice."

4
The dissent once again does not know what to do with Skinner. See
supra, at 675,. According to the dissent, Skinner "did not invite
courts" to "disregard the basic distinction" between fees and taxes in con-
sidering the permissibility of delegations. Post, at 737. But we do not
know what else the Skinner Court did when it said the following: "In
light of th[e] conclusion" that the usual nondelegation test applies to tax
legislation, "we need not concern ourselves with the threshold question"
whether the "pipeline safety users `fees' " at issue "are more properly
thought of as a form of taxation." 490 U. S., at 223. Fees or taxes -- it
just did not matter. And that was so, contra the dissent, irrespective of
whether the charge at issue was numeric -- a feature that Skinner's treat-
ment of the purported fee/tax distinction never thought to mention.
678 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

Tr. of Oral Arg. 52. A charge is a "fee," according to NCTA,
when it is for a "beneft" granted to the payor that is "not
shared by other members of society." 415 U. S., at 341.
But articulating that test is a fair bit easier than applying it,
because it is often hard to say whether a beneft is so
"shared." Consider the charge that banks pay to obtain
FDIC Deposit Insurance. See supra, at 676. The banks
beneft from that insurance (it helps them attract money and
prevents bank runs). So maybe the charge looks like a fee?
But then again, depositors also beneft (because the insur-
ance protects their money) and so does the wider public (be-
cause everyone gains from having a stable banking system).
So maybe the charge instead looks like a tax? Or take an-
other example: the OCC's assessments on banks. See ibid.
Are they fees because a bank must pay them to hold an OCC-
issued charter? Or are they taxes because the OCC uses

Page Proof Pending Publication
the funds collected for regulatory programs benefting the
public? Consumers' Research does not know. See Tr. of
Oral Arg. 134 (describing the OCC statute as "kind of on the
line," "tough," and "maybe... questionable").5

5
The dissent responds by replacing the test from NCTA -- our leading
case on the subject -- with a different one, which asks as well whether a
charge is for a cost imposed by the payor. Post, at 738. That alternative
test, the dissent promises, reveals that all the fnancial charges we have
discussed are fees, whereas universal-service contributions are taxes.
But even spotting the dissent its preferred test, the guaranteed clarity
fails to emerge. Take the dissent's description of the OCC's assessments:
They are fees because they "offset the costs the OCC incurs in fulflling
its statutory mandate to supervise, regulate, and charter national banks."
Post, at 736,. Yet much the same can be said of universal-service
contributions: They pay for the costs of the programs the FCC is man-
dated by statute to implement. Or similarly, consider the dissent's de-
scription of Federal Reserve levies: They are fees because they pay for
"regulatory costs," rather than providing general Government revenues.
Ibid. But again, that is also what carriers' contributions do, in funding
the costs of universal-service regulatory programs. So the dissent's new
test does not much clear away the mire.
 Cite as: (2025) 679

Opinion of the Court

Or fnally and most relevantly: What category do carriers'
contributions belong in? Universal service is of course a
public beneft. But carriers gain in tangible ways from hav-
ing an all-inclusive network, and they often receive direct
subsidies from the FCC's universal-service programs. For
those reasons, the carriers' main trade associations view the
contributions as fees. See id., at 76, 80. The Government,
by contrast, sees "genuine ambiguity" on the issue, but "as-
sum[es]" they are taxes. Id., at 52 -- 53. It is a good thing
for the state of the law that we do not have to decide be-
tween the two, in this case or others raising a delegation
challenge.6
And yet a greater problem inheres in the shared position
of Consumers' Research and the dissent: Whatever it applies
to ( just taxes or fees as well), its focus on numeric limits
produces absurd results, divorced from any reasonable un-
derstanding of constitutional values. Under that view, a
Page Proof Pending Publication
revenue-raising statute containing non-numeric, qualitative

6
The dissent's case for characterizing contributions as taxes only under-
scores the diffculty. Carriers, the dissent frst says, "do not gain any
special beneft" from the contributions they make. Post, at 738. But as
just noted, that would be news to the carriers: Although they pay the bill,
they are lined up here to defend universal service, because (in their law-
yer's words) they "beneft quite considerably" from the program. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 76. So next the dissent tries this one: The statutory scheme
creates a tax because it "takes money from some (carriers) and gives it to
others (libraries, schools, and the like)." Post, at 738. But again, carri-
ers both give and receive; the program, as it has from its beginnings,
reallocates money among them. See supra, at 665 -- 666. And even put-
ting that fact aside, the dissent's test would turn some things it labels fees
into taxes. Consider FDIC insurance charges: They are funds the FDIC
takes from some (banks) and gives to others (depositors of failed banks).
See post, at 735, 738, 739,. The dissent asserts in response that
the FDIC's redistribution is different because "[t]he FDIC program is an
insurance plan." Post, at 739,. But in proposing yet one more dis-
tinction to get everything lined up right, the dissent unwittingly proves
the point: The fee/tax distinction is a diffcult one, and Skinner was right
not to make the nondelegation inquiry ride on it.
680 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

standards can never pass muster, no matter how much guid-
ance those standards provide and how tight the constraints
they impose. But a revenue-raising statute with a numeric
limit will always pass muster, even if it effectively leaves
an agency with boundless power. Consider a hypothetical
raised at oral argument: Congress tells the FCC it can de-
mand payments from carriers of any amount it wants up to
$5 trillion. (The actual cost of universal service is, of
course, a tiny fraction of that amount.) According to Con-
sumers' Research, that statute is permissible because...
well, because Congress has set the $5 trillion fgure. See
id., at 124 ("[T]hen we would know that Congress itself has
made that determination"); see id., at 123 -- 127; Brief for Re-
spondents 5, 63, 66; see also post, at 743 -- 744. But so what?
The purpose of the nondelegation doctrine is to enforce limits
on the "degree of policy judgment that can be left to those
executing or applying the law." Mistretta v. United States,

Page Proof Pending Publication
(1989) (Scalia, J., dissenting). The
anywhere-up-to-$5-trillion tax statute would not do that,
whereas a statute with qualitative limits well might. In ap-
proving the former and precluding the latter, the Consumers'
Research approach does nothing to vindicate the nondelega-
tion doctrine or, more broadly, the separation of powers.

B
We therefore return to the usual intelligible-principle test
to decide whether the universal-service contribution scheme
violates the Constitution's nondelegation rule. The question
is, again, whether Section 254 adequately guides the FCC in
requiring contributions from carriers -- whether it expresses
the "general policy" the FCC must pursue in setting contri-
bution amounts, as well as the "boundaries" it cannot cross.
American Power & Light, 329 U. S., at 105. Here, that in-
quiry into the nature of the FCC's discretion involves what
turn out to be two closely related questions. First, how
much money can the FCC raise through contributions? And
 Cite as: (2025) 681

Opinion of the Court

second, on what things can it spend those funds? We con-
sider each in turn, and fnd that Congress answered both.
Congress, that is, imposed ascertainable and meaningful
guideposts for the FCC to follow when carrying out its dele-
gated function of collecting and spending contributions
from carriers.
1
As Consumers' Research notes, Section 254 imposes no
quantitative but only qualitative limits on how much money
the FCC can raise from carriers for universal service.
There is not a number or a rate in sight. Instead, the stat-
ute directs the FCC to collect the amount that is "suffcient"
to support the universal-service programs Congress has told
it to implement. (5), (d), (e). That language repli-
cates or resembles the statutory terms Congress has used
in other revenue-raising statutes, as described above. See
supra, at 675 -- 676; see, e. g., 12 U. S. C. (instructing the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Federal Reserve Board to levy on banks "an assessment suf-
fcient to pay its estimated expenses").
Consumers' Research argues that, even under our usual
nondelegation test, the term "suffcient" does not do enough.
That is because, in the Consumers' Research view, it sets
only "a foor -- not a ceiling -- on the FCC's revenue-raising
power." Brief for Respondents 56. Or to put the point dif-
ferently, Consumers' Research thinks that the statute gives
the FCC power, all on its own, to raise our hypothetical $5
trillion. See supra, at 679 -- 680. And not unreasonably, it
thinks that would pose a constitutional problem.
But in fact the word "suffcient" sets a foor and a ceiling
alike. An amount of money is "suffcient" for a purpose if
it is "[a]dequate" or "necessary" to achieve that purpose.
Black's Law Dictionary 1447 (7th ed. 1999). That means, of
course, that the FCC cannot raise less than is adequate or
necessary to fnance the universal-service programs Con-
gress wants. But it also means that the FCC cannot raise
more than that amount. Were the FCC to raise, say, twice
682 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

as much as needed, the revenue would not be "suffcient"
but instead excessive. Cf. Whitman, 531 U. S., at 475 -- 476
(similarly understanding the term "requisite" to mean "not
lower or higher than is necessary"). Take another hypothet-
ical from oral argument. If you told a friend to order a "suf-
fcient" amount of food for fve people and 500 boxes of pizza
showed up at your house, you would not think he had fol-
lowed instructions. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 135. So too with
Congress and the Commission. Budgeting, to be sure, is not
an exact science, so in one quarter the Commission may col-
lect a bit more than it needs and in another a bit less. See
47 CFR.709(b), (c) (telling the Administrator that if it
collects "excess" or "inadequate" funds in a given quarter, it
should compensate in the next one). But the Commission's
mandate is to raise what it takes to pay for universal-service
programs; if the Commission raises much beyond, as if it
raises much below, it violates the statute.

Page Proof Pending Publication
And the Commission has long viewed the statute in just
that way. For many years, the Commission has construed
the suffcient-funding directive to call for raising "an afford-
able and sustainable amount of support that is adequate, but
no greater than necessary, to achieve the goals of the univer-
sal service program." In re High-Cost Universal Serv. Sup-
port, 25 FCC Rcd. 4072, 4074 (2010); see Tr. of Oral Arg. 4
(Solicitor General explaining that Congress has authorized
the FCC to collect "only what's suffcient to achieve universal
service, so no more than needed to support specifed pro-
grams"). The Commission, in other words, sets the contri-
bution factor to raise just enough money -- a "suffcient"
amount -- to implement universal service as Congress
directed.
2
To say that much, though, takes us only halfway, because
it raises the question: Suffcient for what? If Section 254's
universal-service program is itself indeterminate -- so that
the FCC can turn it into anything the FCC wants -- then the
 Cite as: (2025) 683

Opinion of the Court

"suffciency" ceiling will do no serious work. The FCC
could operate -- and collect contributions "suffcient" for -- 
either the most barebones or the most extravagant program.
But if Congress has given appropriate guidance about the
nature and content of universal service, then that plus the
"suffciency" ceiling will defeat this challenge to the contri-
bution system. For Congress will have provided intelligible
principles to guide the FCC as it raises funds.
On this further, "for what" question, our nondelegation
precedents provide context -- showing what kinds of statu-
tory schemes have passed, and what kinds have failed, the
demand that Congress give adequate guidance. Those that
have failed are fewer in number -- in fact, only two -- but offer
object lessons about the amount of latitude Congress can con-
fer. In one case, the statute empowered the President to
bar the transport of petroleum products while "establish[ing]
no criterion" and "declar[ing] no policy" for whether, when,
Page Proof Pending Publication
or how he should do so. Panama Refning Co. v. Ryan, (1935). The statute in the second case was
even worse. It authorized the President to approve "codes
of fair competition" for "the government of trade and indus-
try throughout the country," yet imposed "few restrictions"
and "set up no standards" aside from a "statement of the
general aims of rehabilitat[ing], correct[ing,] and expand-
[ing]" the economy. A. L. A. Schechter Poultry Corp. v.
United States, -- 522, 541 -- 542 (1935). The
law thus gave the President "virtually unfettered" authority
to govern the Nation's trades and industries. Id., at 542.
At the same time, we have found intelligible principles in
a host of statutes giving agencies signifcant discretion. So,
for example, we upheld a provision enabling an agency to set
air quality standards at levels "requisite to protect the public
health." Whitman, 531 U. S., at 472. We sustained a dele-
gation to an agency to ensure that corporate structures did
not "unfairly or inequitably distribute voting power" among
security holders. American Power & Light, 329 U. S., at
684 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

104. And we affrmed authorizations to regulate in the
"public interest" and to set "just and reasonable" rates, be-
cause we thought the discretion given was not unbridled.
See, e. g., National Broadcasting Co. v. United States, -- 226 (1943); FPC v. Hope Natural Gas Co., (1944); see supra, at 665. Of course, our cases
did not examine those statutory phrases in isolation but in-
stead looked to the broader statutory contexts, which in-
formed their interpretation and supplied the content neces-
sary to satisfy the intelligible-principle test. See, e. g.,
National Broadcasting, 319 U. S., at 226 ("It is a mistaken
assumption" that the phrase "public interest" is "a mere gen-
eral reference to public welfare without any standard to
guide determinations"; rather, "[t]he purpose of the Act, the
requirements it imposes, and the context of the provision in
question show the contrary"); see also infra, at 690.
Section 254, for its part, provides the FCC with determi-

Page Proof Pending Publication
nate standards for operating the universal-service program.
The statute makes clear whom the program is intended to
serve: those in rural and other high-cost areas (with a special
nod to rural hospitals), low-income consumers, and schools
and libraries. See (3), (6), (h)(1); see supra, at 666 -- 
668. And in provisions defning universal service and stat-
ing the program's core "principles," the statute provides spe-
cifc criteria for which services those statutory benefciaries
should receive., (c)(1). In deciding whether a
service falls within the program's ambit, the FCC must con-
sider whether the service has "been subscribed to by a sub-
stantial majority of residential customers." (1)(B).
If that objective criterion is not met, the FCC generally may
not subsidize the service. So too, the service must be one
that can be made available to all consumers in all regions at
"reasonable and affordable rates" -- so more a basic than a
budget-busting good. (1), (3).7 And still more, the
7
Of course, if a subsidy were high enough, even a luxury service could
be provided to the Act's benefciaries at an "affordable" rate. But that
would require setting contributions so high as to interfere with carriers'
 Cite as: (2025) 685

Opinion of the Court

service must be "essential to education, public health, or pub-
lic safety" -- a necessity, not a luxury, in order to live in the
world. (1)(A). The conditions, each alone and to-
gether, have bite, creating a bounded program. Section 254
instructs the Commission to provide to an identifed set of
recipients a defned sort of beneft -- widely used, generally
affordable, and essential telecommunications services.
That limited conception of universal service is rooted in its
history -- except that the new statute, as compared with the
old, holds the FCC to more specifc requirements. As ear-
lier explained, the 1934 Act charged the FCC with pursuing
universal service -- that is, with making available to all
Americans telecommunications services "at reasonable
charges.". As then understood, that objective did
not reach for the stars: Though quite important, it was also
"relatively modest." Benjamin, Telecommunications Law
and Policy.2, at 863. The idea was to "reduc[e] the costs
Page Proof Pending Publication
of basic telephone service and, in that way, increas[e] national
subscribership." Ibid. By the time of the 1996 amend-
ments, though, new telecommunications technologies and
services had emerged. And so Congress enabled the FCC,
in carrying out universal-service programs, to do more. See
id., at 863 -- 864; see, e. g., (6), (h)(1). But still the
statute's policy was a circumscribed one: to provide to all
(especially, the rural and poor) the services that most already
had, if those services were both necessary and affordable.
The key difference between the original statute and the
amended one is a matter of means, and on that score, the
latter provides far greater congressional guidance. Under
the 1934 Act, the FCC gave implicit (and often obscure) sub-
sidies under its general (i. e., "just and reasonable") rate-
making authority. See supra, at 665; see also post, at 713
(explaining that in the pre-1996 regime, "[r]egulators
manipulated rates" to fund universal service). Under the

ability to provide other services, to other customers, affordably. The af-
fordability principle precludes that result. See (1), (3).
686 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

1996 Act, the FCC gives explicit (and transparent) subsidies
in accord with the detailed criteria described above. See
supra, at 666, 684 -- 685. So today, when the FCC carries out
Congress's century-old commitment to universal service, the
statutory policy is clear and the statutory boundaries specifc.
The proof is in the pudding: Each of the four programs
the FCC now operates under Section 254 refects Congress's
choices about universal service's scope and content. The
Lifeline program, which began under the original Act, ad-
vances a basic commitment. Now codifed, it helps make
phone service affordable to all Americans by providing a
modest monthly subsidy. See ; 47 CFR.400 -- 
54.424; supra, at 666, 668. The High Cost program similarly
implements a longstanding principle -- to integrate rural
communities into the Nation's communications network.
See ;.302 -- 54.322; supra, at 665 -- 666, 668. And it
does so now in accordance with the statutory directive to en-

Page Proof Pending Publication
sure that rural and other high-cost areas have access to
roughly the same needed services, at the same affordable
prices, as urban areas do. (3). The Commission's
other two programs, E-Rate and Rural Health, are of a piece.
Specifcally authorized in the amended Act, they underwrite
services essential to education and healthcare, with a focus on
underserved populations. (1);.500 -- 54.523,
54.600 -- 54.633; supra, at 668. Not one of those important but
decidedly ordinary programs suggests an agency vested with
unbridled discretion. Each provides communications serv-
ices satisfying the Act's listed criteria to the Act's identifed
benefciaries. And maybe surprisingly (given what we are
used to when it comes to government programs), they have
done so at roughly constant infation-adjusted dollars. Com-
pare USAC, 2000 Annual Report 5 (charging carriers $7.4
billion in 1999 when so adjusted), with USAC, 2024 Annual
Report 18 (charging carriers $8.4 billion in 2024).8 That is
8
The dissent's more dramatic fgures rely on using the wrong baseline
year -- 1998 instead of 1999. According to the dissent: "In 1998, universal-
service disbursements totaled about $2.29 billion" whereas in 2024 they
 Cite as: (2025) 687

Opinion of the Court

because in the amended Act, Congress made clear the param-
eters of the programs, and the FCC has operated within
them.9
Consumers' Research and the dissent tell a different
story -- that the Act gives the FCC boundless authority -- but
the provisions they point to show nothing of the kind. They
frst pluck out a few words to argue that the criteria for
subsidizing services, described above, are not "real limit[s]."
Brief for Respondents 55; supra, at 684 -- 685. On affordabil-
ity, both contend that because Section 254(b) states that
services "should" -- rather than "shall" -- be made available at
"reasonable and affordable rates," there is in fact no such
requirement. Brief for Respondents 47 -- 48; see post, at 729 -- 
730. But that reading starts in the middle. The provision,
starting from the start, says that the FCC "shall" base all
universal-service policies on the principle (among others)
that services "should be available" at "reasonable and af-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fordable rates." (1). The mandatory "shall" re-
quires the FCC to follow the affordability principle -- which

were about $8.59 billion -- "nearly double, adjusted for infation." Post, at
718, 726. But that is because in 1998, some of the new statute's universal-
service programs were just getting off the ground. The Rural Health
program, for example, did not even begin accepting applications for fund-
ing until May of that year. USAC, 1999 Annual Report 6. The right
benchmark instead comes from the next year, when the programs Con-
gress authorized were up and running. Only after that point can the in-
crease in costs provide information about whether Congress adequately
guided the FCC's discretion -- or instead allowed the FCC to run ram-
pant -- going forward.
9
Two provisions of Section 254 authorize the FCC to fund "advanced"
and "additional" services. (3), (h)(2); see post, at 716, 726 -- 727,
732 -- 733. We have no occasion to address any nondelegation issues raised
by Sections 254(c)(3) and (h)(2) in particular. Consumers' Research does
not argue that Sections 254(c)(3) and (h)(2) are unconstitutional, and it
does not advance any arguments that are specifc to those provisions. In-
stead, it argues that the contribution scheme generally is unconstitutional,
and that the contribution factor should be set to zero. The Fifth Circuit
adopted that view as well, and to decide this case, we need say no more
than that those conclusions are wrong.
688 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

means providing all services at "reasonable and affordable
rates." And similarly as to whether a service is widely used
and essential. Per Consumers' Research and the dissent,
Section 254(c)(1) says only that the FCC must "consider"
those criteria and thus establishes no more than a "weak
procedural requirement." Brief for Respondents 54; see
post, at 716, 728 -- 731. But the list of criteria the FCC
"shall" consider resides in the very "defnition" of the "serv-
ices" it can subsidize. (1). The statute, read sensi-
bly, does not tell the FCC to muse on those criteria before
developing its own. Rather, it tells the FCC to "consider,"
as to any given service, whether it satisfes the listed criteria
(and therefore can be subsidized). And that is, indeed, how
the Solicitor General, representing the FCC, understands
the provision. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 10, 27 -- 29, 177 -- 178.
The dissent therefore fails in its related claim that the
FCC can balance different universal-service criteria against
Page Proof Pending Publication
each other -- so, for example, fund a service because it is "es-
sential to education" even though it has not been adopted "by
a substantial majority" of customers. Post, at 716; see post,
at 727 -- 728; supra, at 684 -- 685. Again, the Solicitor General
has represented in this Court that each of the criteria has to
be met. Tr. of Oral Arg. 10, 27 -- 29, 177 -- 178. In any event,
and yet more important, we must "exercise [our] independent
judgment in deciding" what power Congress has conferred.
Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, 
(2024). And for all the reasons given above, we view the stat-
utory criteria -- which, contra the dissent, post, at 727, defne
universal service -- as separately mandatory. See (1);
supra, at 684 -- 685, 687 and this page. Of course, the Commis-
sion may still have to strike balances in addressing those
criteria, along with the statute's other provisions. It may,
for example, have to decide whether to make a service more
affordable (by giving a larger subsidy) or instead extend it
to a broader swathe of recipients. But that kind of discre-
tion -- balancing or no -- does not raise a constitutional prob-
 Cite as: (2025) 689

Opinion of the Court

lem: A "degree of policy judgment," as we have explained,
"can be left to those executing or applying the law." Whit-
man, 531 U. S., at 474 -- 475.
We likewise see no constitutional issue in Section
254(c)(1)'s description of universal service as an "evolving
level of telecommunications services that the Commission
shall establish periodically" in light of "advances in telecom-
munications and information" services. According to Con-
sumers' Research and the dissent, that language enables the
FCC to "redefne universal service" over time as it and only
it "sees ft." Brief for Respondents 8, 54; see post, at 727.
But Congress's statement that universal service should
"evolve" is itself a direction -- and a near-inevitable one,
given the reality of technological change. If universal serv-
ice did not evolve -- if Congress had defned it as, say, a land-
line in every home (or, as the dissent would have it, "touch-
tone [phone] service," post, at 728) -- the program would have
Page Proof Pending Publication
long since become obsolete. The Act's embrace of evolu-
tion -- the permission it gives the FCC to subsidize different
services now than 30 years ago -- ensures that the universal-
service program will be of enduring utility. But that confer-
ral of discretion does not strip the statute of standards and
constraints. The Commission still may fund only essential,
widely used, and affordable services, for the beneft of only
designated recipients. See supra, at 684 -- 685. So Congress
has ensured that the Commission will continue to carry out
the same objectives according to the same criteria and prin-
ciples, even as it has allowed adaptation to a changing tech-
nological landscape.
Finally, we do not view as Consumers' Research does the
provision in Section 254 enabling the FCC to articulate "[a]d-
ditional principles," beyond the six listed, to guide its
universal-service programs. (7); see supra, at 668.
Recall that the added principles are ones the FCC "deter-
mine[s] are necessary and appropriate for the protection of
the public interest, convenience, and necessity and are con-
690 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

sistent with this chapter." See supra, at 668. As Consum-
ers' Research sees it, the FCC can, through devising those
principles, "rewrite its own authority." Brief for Respond-
ents 50 (capitalization altered); see post, at 727. But that is
not so because, again, the added principles must be "consist-
ent with" the rest of the statute. They cannot change any
of the statute's other principles, much less its conditions on
what subsidies can go toward and who can receive them.
The new principles can only operate, within those statutory
parameters, to further channel the FCC's discretion. So
they are a way to superimpose self-restraint on congres-
sional restraint, which is hardly improper. And the provi-
sion's broadly framed reference to the "public interest" sug-
gests nothing to the contrary. The public-interest
requirement lies on top of the consistency requirement -- con-
nected with an "and," not an "or" -- and anyway is comple-
mentary to it. For we have long held that "the words `pub-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lic interest' in a regulatory statute" do not encompass "the
general public welfare" but rather "take meaning from the
purposes of the regulatory legislation." NAACP v. FPC,
(1976); see New York Central Securities
Corp. v. United States, -- 25 (1932); see supra,
at 684. So the whole of the "[a]dditional principles" provi-
sion supplies a means of further implementing, rather than
dispensing with, Congress's instructions.
In a sense, each of the arguments Consumers' Research
and the dissent make about Section 254 suffers from the
same faw. At every turn, they read Section 254 extrava-
gantly, the better to create a constitutional problem. As
earlier seen, "suffcient" means to Consumers' Research as
much as the FCC wants, a foor without a ceiling. See
supra, at 681. The statute's mandatory conditions on fund-
ing services are instead mere suggestions, for the FCC to
observe or not as it chooses. See supra, at 687 -- 689. The
phrase "evolving level" of service licenses the FCC to create
a whole new program, unhindered by the statute's existing
 Cite as: (2025) 691

Opinion of the Court

standards and boundaries. See supra, at 689. And the pos-
sibility of "[a]dditional principles" coming from the FCC
somehow subverts the limiting principles Congress put on
the FCC, so that everything about universal service is up
for grabs. See supra, at 689 -- 690. All in all, the arguments
do not show statutory construction at its best. Nor, relat-
edly, do they show proper respect for a coordinate branch
of Government. Statutes (including regulatory statutes)
should be read, if possible, to comport with the Constitu-
tion, not to contradict it. See, e. g., Ashwander v. TVA, (1936) (Brandeis, J., concurring); Industrial
Union Dept., AFL -- CIO v. American Petroleum Institute,
(1980) (plurality opinion); West Virginia v.
EPA, -- 723 (2022). That disposition no-
where appears in the efforts Consumers' Research and the
dissent make to force Section 254 past the Constitution's
breaking point.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Properly understood, the universal-service contribution
scheme clears the nondelegation bar. The policy it ex-
presses is clear and limiting. If, says the statute, a substan-
tial majority of Americans has access to a communications
service that is both affordable and essential to modern life,
then other Americans should have access to that service too.
And to make that happen, the statute continues, carriers
should kick in the needed funds. At bottom, that is all
the contribution scheme challenged here accomplishes.
Through that statutory mechanism, the FCC raises suffcient
funds (neither more nor less than needed) to bring to under-
served Americans, mainly in rural and low-income communi-
ties, a bounded and commonplace set of communications
services. The FCC no doubt exercises signifcant discretion
in carrying out that charge. But it is discretion tethered
to legislative judgments about the scope and content of the
universal-service program. And so the main delegation at
issue here, from Congress to the Commission, does not offend
the Constitution.
692 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

III
The next question Consumers' Research raises is whether
a different delegation, now from the Commission to the Ad-
ministrator (which, recall, is a private, not-for-proft corpora-
tion), independently fouts a constitutional command. Here,
Consumers' Research invokes what is commonly called the
private nondelegation doctrine. See Brief for Respondents
74 -- 75. In the leading case of Carter v. Carter Coal Co., -- 311 (1936), this Court struck down a statute
authorizing certain coal producers to set maximum hours and
minimum wages for the rest of the industry. We explained
that the statute involved "delegation in its most obnoxious
form" because it was made to "private persons whose inter-
ests" are often "adverse to the interests of others." Id., at
311; see Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at 537. Consumers'
Research contends that the FCC has in like manner con-
ferred governmental power on a private party, by (in its de-
Page Proof Pending Publication
scription) giving the Administrator carte blanche to set the
contribution factor, which then determines what individual
carriers pay into the Fund. See Brief for Respondents 3 -- 4,
75; supra, at 668 -- 670.
Carter Coal, though, has a counterpart case, addressing
how Government agencies may rely on advice and assistance
from private actors. In Sunshine Anthracite Coal Co. v.
Adkins, (1940), this Court considered a
statute, enacted in response to Carter Coal, permitting
boards of coal companies to propose minimum coal prices to
a Government agency for "approv[al], disapprov[al], or modi-
f[cation]." That arrangement, we held, was "unquestion-
ably valid." 310 U. S., at 399. After all, we explained, the
private boards "function[ed] subordinately to" the agency
and were subject to its "authority and surveillance." Ibid.
As long as an agency thus retains decision-making power, it
may enlist private parties to give it recommendations.
Here, the Administrator is broadly subordinate to the
Commission. The FCC appoints the Administrator's Board
 Cite as: (2025) 693

Opinion of the Court

of Directors and approves its budget. See 47 CFR.703(b) -- (c), 54.715(c). The Administrator "may not
make policy," and must carry out all its tasks "consistent
with" the FCC's rules, "orders, written directives, and other
instructions.".702(c); Memorandum of Understanding
Between the Federal Communications Commission and the
Universal Service Administrative Company 2 (Oct. 17, 2024)
(Memorandum of Understanding). And anyone aggrieved
by an action of the Administrator may seek de novo review
by the Commission..719 -- 54.725. So in the relation-
ship between the two, the Commission dominates.
And critically, that is as true in determining the contribu-
tion factor as in other matters: Although the Administrator
plays an advisory role, the Commission alone has decision-
making authority. Recall that each quarter's contribution
factor is a function of the carriers' projected revenues and
the Fund's projected expenses. See supra, at 668 -- 669.

Page Proof Pending Publication
The Administrator makes the initial projections. On the
revenue side, that means just doing arithmetic: The carriers
submit their projections on FCC forms and the Administra-
tor adds them up. See.709(a)(2) -- (3), 54.711(a). On the
expense side, the Administrator's estimates involve consider-
ably greater effort -- but still no policy-making. The FCC's
rules implementing the Act dictate the programs' scope: For
example, they set eligibility criteria for benefciaries, provide
formulas for calculating subsidies, and impose some funding
caps. See, e. g.,.410, 54.507, 54.604 -- 54.606.10 Working
within those rules, the Administrator estimates the pro-
grams' cost. It then publicly reports those projections,
along with supporting documents, to the Commission -- on
the revenue side, at least 30 days before a quarter starts, on

10
If anything in the rules, or the Act itself, is "unclear, or do[es] not
address a particular situation, the Administrator shall seek guidance from
the Commission." 47 CFR.702(c). So if the Administrator confronts
an unsettled issue as it makes projections, it must ask the Commission
rather than resolve the problem itself.
694 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

the expense side, at least 60. See.709(a)(3). That gives
the Commission a chance to review -- and, if needed, to re-
vise -- the projections before approving fnal fgures. See
ibid. When the review process is complete, the Commission
sets the contribution factor and posts it in a public notice.
See ibid. The Commission then has 14 days to make addi-
tional changes before the factor is "deemed approved."
Ibid. So the Commission is, throughout, the fnal author-
ity -- just as the agency was in Sunshine Anthracite. The
Administrator, following the FCC's rules, makes recommen-
dations. But the Commission decides whether or how to use
them in setting the contribution factor.
In contending otherwise, Consumers' Research misunder-
stands the regulatory scheme. Its primary argument rests
on the words "deemed approved" in the FCC's regulations.
Consumers' Research takes that to mean that the Adminis-
trator's projections can "take legal effect" just by the "deem-
Page Proof Pending Publication
[ing]" mechanism -- that is, without receiving "formal FCC
approval." Brief for Respondents 80. But that account ig-
nores everything that happens before the 14-day period fol-
lowing public notice. Prior to that time, the Commission
reviews the Administrator's projections, and either revises
or approves them. Then, the Commission sets the contribu-
tion factor based on the vetted projections and issues it to
the public. So the Administrator's projections can have only
the legal (or, indeed, practical) effect the Commission decides
they should. Not the Administrator, but the Commission
endorses fnal projections, converts them into a contribution
factor, and formally promulgates them. At the end of all
that action, the "deemed approved" provision just operates
to shut off an additional two-week opportunity the Commis-
sion has to revise the published contribution factor -- because
something (including public comments like Consumers' Re-
search submitted) has caused it to change its mind. That
provision does nothing to negate the Commission decision-
making that has already taken place.
 Cite as: (2025) 695

Opinion of the Court

The alternative argument Consumers' Research makes
does not fare any better. Here, Consumers' Research ap-
pears to concede that the FCC approves the projections
going into the contribution factor; the problem instead is that
the approval is too of ten automatic -- simply "rubber-
stamp[ing]." Id., at 82. But the relevant legal question is
not how often the FCC revises the Administrator's projec-
tions, just as in Sunshine Anthracite it was not how often the
agency rejected the coal companies' pricing advice. It is suf-
fcient in such schemes that the private party's recommenda-
tions (as is true here) cannot go into effect without an agency's
say-so, regardless of how freely given. See 310 U. S., at 399.
This case suggests at least one reason why: It may not be clear
what the ratio of approvals to rejections actually means. On
the view of Consumers' Research, the infrequency with
which the Commission changes the Administrator's publicly
submitted projections shows that it simply is not paying at-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tention. But an amicus brief submitted by former FCC
Commissioners offers an alternative explanation -- that the
Administrator "informally shares its projections" with the
Commission before it publicly submits them, so that much of
the discussion between the two occurs behind the scenes.
See Brief for Bipartisan Former Commissioners of the FCC
as Amici Curiae 11; see also Memorandum of Understanding
7 (establishing that informal procedure). And yet a third
account might suggest that the absence of frequent dispute
refects the limited role the Administrator performs in esti-
mating the expenses of programs whose contours FCC regu-
lations precisely defne. See supra, at 693 -- 694. The expla-
nation, that is, would lie in the narrow scope of the
assignment the FCC has given to the Administrator.
So the Commission's transfer of accounting functions to
the Administrator offers no reason for holding the universal-
service contribution scheme invalid. In every way that
matters to the constitutional inquiry, the Commission, not
the Administrator, is in control.
696 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

IV
Consumers' Research almost wholly ignores the basis of
the decision below: that the "combination" of Congress's
grant of authority to the FCC and the FCC's reliance on the
Administrator for fnancial projections violates the Constitu-
tion, even if neither one does so alone. See 109 F. 4th, at 778
(emphasis in original). But because that theory accounts for
the decision we are reviewing, we cannot close without ad-
dressing it briefy.
The Fifth Circuit, as noted earlier, founded its combination
theory -- that a constitutional non-violation plus a constitu-
tional non-violation may equal a constitutional violation -- on
this Court's decision in Free Enterprise Fund. See supra,
at 671. There, we struck down a statute because it gave an
executive offcer two "layers of protection" from the Presi-
dent's removal authority: The President was "restricted in
his ability to remove a principal offcer, who [was] in turn
Page Proof Pending Publication
restricted in his ability to remove an inferior offcer." 561
U. S., at 483 -- 484. Even granting that each layer of good-
cause protection was alone permissible, we thought the com-
bination was too much. The two together, more than either
alone, insulated the offcer from the President's fring power,
thus super-charging the offcer's "independence." Id., at
496. That holding, in the Fifth Circuit's view, gave rise to
a "general principle": "[T]wo constitutional parts do not nec-
essarily add up to a constitutional whole." 109 F. 4th, at
779. And the court thought that principle applied here.
Even if Congress lawfully conferred discretion on the Com-
mission and the Commission lawfully sought assistance from
the Administrator, the combination was both "unprece-
dented" and "incompatible" with "democratic accountability."
Id., at 779, 783 -- 784. So what the Fifth Circuit called "the
universal service contribution mechanism's double-layered
delegation" had to go. Id., at 784.
But the court's analogy and associated logic do not work.
In Free Enterprise Fund, each of the two layers of for-cause
 Cite as: (2025) 697

Opinion of the Court

protection limited the same thing -- the President's power to
remove executive offcers. And when combined, each com-
pounded the other's effect, so that the President was left
with no real authority. Or otherwise said, the two layers of
restrictions operated on a single axis with the one exacerbat-
ing (we thought exponentially) the other. But that reason-
ing has no bearing here. A law violates the traditional (or
call it, for comparison's sake, "public") nondelegation doc-
trine when it authorizes an agency to legislate. And a law -- 
whether a statute or, as here, a regulation -- violates the pri-
vate nondelegation doctrine when it allows non-governmental
entities to govern. Those doctrines do not operate on the
same axis (save if it is defned impossibly broadly). So a
measure implicating (but not violating) one does not com-
pound a measure implicating (but not violating) the other, in
a way that pushes the combination over a constitutional line.
"Two wrong claims do not make one that is right." Pacifc
Page Proof Pending Publication
Bell Telephone Co. v. linkLine Communications, Inc., (2009). If a regulatory scheme authorizes nei-
ther executive legislation nor private governance, it does not
somehow authorize an unlawful amalgam. Contra the Fifth
Circuit, a meritless public nondelegation challenge plus a
meritless private nondelegation challenge cannot equal a
meritorious "combination" claim.
And indeed Sunshine Anthracite as well as said so before.
As earlier noted, that case involved a private nondelegation
challenge -- that a board of coal companies advising an
agency played too great a role in setting industry prices.
See 310 U. S., at 399; supra, at 692. In addition, the case
involved a public nondelegation challenge -- that even the
agency could not set prices because Congress had failed to
provide it with suffcient guidance. See 310 U. S., at 397 -- 
399. The Court discussed and rejected the one challenge;
and then it discussed and rejected the other. See ibid.
And then the Court stopped. It did not think some further
"combination" analysis was required. That was because (1)
698 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

an executive agency exercising only executive power, plus
(2) a private entity exercising no government power (but
merely giving advice) equals (3) a permissible constitu-
tional arrangement.
V
When Congress amended the Communications Act in 1996,
it provided the Commission with clear guidance on how to
promote universal service using carrier contributions. Con-
gress laid out the "general policy" to be achieved, the "princi-
ple[s]" and standards the FCC must use in pursuing that
policy, and the "boundaries" the FCC may not cross. J. W.
Hampton, 276 U. S., at 409; American Power & Light, 329
U. S., at 105. Our precedents do not require more. Nor do
they prevent the Commission, in carrying out Congress's pol-
icy, from obtaining the Administrator's assistance in project-
ing revenues and expenses, so that carriers pay the needed
amount. For nearly three decades, the work of Congress
Page Proof Pending Publication
and the Commission in establishing universal-service pro-
grams has led to a more fully connected country. And it has
done so while leaving fully intact the separation of powers
integral to our Constitution.
We accordingly reverse the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit and remand for further proceed-
ings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Kavanaugh, concurring.
This case presents a narrow but important nondelegation
question: May Congress authorize the Federal Communica-
tions Commission to determine the monetary amount "suff-
cient" to fund certain telecommunications services, which in
turn is the amount that telecommunications carriers must
contribute to the Universal Service Fund? Applying the
longstanding "intelligible principle" test set forth by this
Court's precedents, the Court today upholds that congres-
sional delegation to the FCC. See Skinner v. Mid-America
 Cite as: (2025) 699

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

Pipeline Co., (1989); J. W. Hampton, Jr., & Co.
v. United States, (1928).
I join the Court's opinion and write separately to make
two points. First, I will briefy outline what I understand
to be the background and rationale behind the intelligible
principle test that the Court has long used to assess congres-
sional delegations of authority to the Executive Branch.
Second, I will explain why congressional delegations to inde-
pendent agencies -- as distinct from delegations to the Presi-
dent and executive agencies -- raise substantial questions
under Article II of the Constitution.

I
A
From the start in 1789, Congress has delegated to the
President the power to exercise discretion and policymaking
authority when implementing legislation.1 Those delega-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tions have been a regular feature of American Government
ever since.2
1
In this opinion, I will refer to congressional delegations to the Presi-
dent, although statutes sometimes delegate to executive offcers or agen-
cies rather than to the President. Those delegations to executive offcers
and agencies, in my view, are not analytically distinct for present purposes
from delegations to the President because the President controls, super-
vises, and directs those executive offcers and agencies. See Myers v.
United States, -- 164 (1926). Delegations to executive of-
fcers and agencies are thus de facto delegations to the President.
2
Delegations of various kinds began almost immediately after the new
Congress frst convened in 1789 -- although, to be sure, the Federal Gov-
ernment did not regulate private conduct in as many areas or as exten-
sively as it does today. See, e. g., Act of Sept. 29, 1789, ch. 24, 1 Stat. 95
(directing the payment of military pensions to wounded Revolutionary
War soldiers "under such regulations as the President of the United States
may direct"); Act of Apr. 10, 1790, ch. 7, 1 Stat. 109 -- 110 (authorizing
the Secretary of State, Secretary of War, and Attorney General to issue
patents "if they shall deem the invention or discovery suffciently useful
and important"); Act of July 22, 1790, ch. 33, 1 Stat. 137 (authorizing
executive offcials to issue licenses "to carry on any trade or intercourse
700 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

The Court has generally permitted such delegations. As
to the text of the Constitution, the Court has rejected argu-
ments that the President impermissibly wields legislative
power when exercising discretion or policymaking authority
delegated by Congress. Instead, the Court has reasoned
that the President ordinarily exercises "executive Power"
under Article II when implementing legislation -- even if he
employs discretion or policymaking authority when doing so
and even if the Executive Branch issues legally binding regu-
lations. See, e. g., Mistretta v. United States, (1989) ("[R]ulemaking power originates in the Leg-
islative Branch and becomes an executive function only when
delegated by the Legislature to the Executive Branch"); see
also Loving v. United States, (1996)
(Scalia, J., concurring in part and concurring in judgment)
("What Congress does is to assign responsibilities to the
Executive; and when the Executive undertakes those as-
Page Proof Pending Publication
signed responsibilities it acts, not as the `delegate' of Con-
gress, but as the agent of the People"); J. Manning, The Non-
delegation Doctrine as a Canon of Avoidance, 2000 S. Ct. Rev.
223, 240, ("The Court apparently believes that when a
statute sets down an intelligible principle, the agency can be
thought of as implementing legislative directions, rather
than exercising legislative authority.... Under that view, the

with the Indian tribes... to any proper person," and stipulating that the
offcials and licensees "shall be governed in all things touching the said
trade and intercourse, by such rules and regulations as the President shall
prescribe"); Act of Feb. 20, 1792, 1 Stat. 234 (granting the Postmaster
General discretion to choose among post roads and means of carrying
mail); Act of June 4, 1794, ch. 41, 1 Stat. 372 (granting the President
authority to lay embargoes "whenever, in his opinion, the public safety
shall so require," and "under such regulations as the circumstances of the
case may require"); Act of May 27, 1796, ch. 31, 1 Stat. 474 (authorizing
the President to direct offcers "to aid in the execution of quarantine...
in such manner as may to him appear necessary"); Act of July 9, 1798, 1 Stat. 589 (empowering federal tax commissioners to change property tax
assessments "as shall appear to be just and equitable").
 Cite as: (2025) 701

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

agency is engaged in law `execution,' rather than receiving
delegated legislative authority").3
The history of congressional delegations and the Court's
understanding of Article II's text correspond to what the
Court has described as the practicalities of legislative and
executive action. Congress delegates at least in part be-
cause it must adapt legislation to "complex conditions involv-
ing a host of details with which the national legislature can-
not deal directly." A. L. A. Schechter Poultry Corp. v.
United States, (1935); Panama Refning
Co. v. Ryan, (1935). And the Constitution
"has never been regarded as denying to Congress the neces-
sary resources of fexibility and practicality." Schechter
Poultry, 295 U. S., at 530; Panama Refning, 293 U. S., at
421. That fexibility enables Congress "to perform its func-
tion in laying down policies and establishing standards, while
leaving to selected instrumentalities the making of subordi-

Page Proof Pending Publication
nate rules within prescribed limits and the determination of
facts to which the policy as declared by the legislature is to
apply." Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at 530; Panama Re-
fning, 293 U. S., at 421. Even when the legislature might
want to legislate more specifcally in certain circumstances,
a "certain degree of discretion, and thus of lawmaking, in-
heres in most executive... action." Whitman v. American
Trucking Assns., Inc., (2001) (quotation
marks omitted).

3
In INS v. Chadha, the Court similarly explained the point: The "At-
torney General acts in his presumptively Art. II capacity when he admin-
isters the Immigration and Nationality Act. Executive action under leg-
islatively delegated authority that might resemble `legislative' action in
some respects is not subject to the approval of both Houses of Congress
and the President for the reason that the Constitution does not so require.
That kind of Executive action is always subject to check by the terms of
the legislation that authorized it; and if that authority is exceeded it is
open to judicial review as well as the power of Congress to modify or
revoke the authority entirely." -- 954, (1983) (em-
phasis added).
702 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

Although the Court has ruled that congressional delega-
tions to the President are permissible as a matter of constitu-
tional text and history, the Court has not said that "anything
goes" with respect to those delegations. As Justice Gor-
such rightly says, Congress may not give "the President or
an executive agency a blank check to legislate." Post, at 721
(dissenting opinion). So "Members of Congress could not,
even if they wished, vote all power to the President and ad-
journ sine die." Mistretta, 488 U. S., at 415 (Scalia, J., dis-
senting). Congress likewise cannot merely assign the Presi-
dent to take over the legislative role as to a particular
subject matter. See Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at 537 -- 
542; Panama Refning, 293 U. S., at 430. Rather, the Court
has said, any congressional grant of authority must supply
some guidance to the President -- otherwise the President
would no longer be exercising "executive Power" when im-
plementing legislation.
Page Proof Pending Publication
But the question of where to draw that line can be diffcult:
At what point does a broad statutory delegation transform
from (i) a permissible grant of discretion or policymaking
authority for the President to exercise when implementing
legislation into (ii) an impermissible delegation of legislative
power? Justice Scalia phrased the issue this way: "Once
it is conceded, as it must be, that no statute can be entirely
precise, and that some judgments, even some judgments in-
volving policy considerations, must be left to the offcers exe-
cuting the law..., the debate over unconstitutional delega-
tion becomes a debate not over a point of principle but over
a question of degree." Mistretta, 488 U. S., at 415 (dissent-
ing opinion).
To address that question of degree and ensure that the
President is exercising executive power when implementing
legislation, the Court in 1928 adopted the "intelligible princi-
ple" test. In its unanimous opinion in J. W. Hampton, Jr., &
Co. v. United States, the Court speaking through Chief Jus-
tice (and former President) Taft stated: "If Congress shall
 Cite as: (2025) 703

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

lay down by legislative act an intelligible principle to which
the person or body authorized to [act] is directed to conform,
such legislative action is not a forbidden delegation of legisla-
tive power." (1928).
Rather, when implementing legislation that contains an in-
telligible principle, the President is exercising executive
power. The inverse is also true: When Congress grants au-
thority to the President without an intelligible principle to
confne his action, Congress has impermissibly delegated leg-
islative power, although the Court has found that to occur
only "rarely. " Mistretta, 488 U. S., at 419 (Scalia, J.,
dissenting).
The intelligible principle test recognizes that "[a]t some
point the responsibilities assigned can become so extensive
and so unconstrained that Congress has in effect delegated
its legislative power." Loving, 517 U. S., at 777 (Scalia, J.,
concurring in part and concurring in judgment). But "until
Page Proof Pending Publication
that point of excess is reached there exists... no delegation"
of legislative power "at all." Ibid.
For 97 years, the intelligible principle test set forth in J. W.
Hampton has formed the foundation of the Court's nondele-
gation doctrine. Under the test, as then-Justice Rehnquist
succinctly framed it, Congress may "lay down the general
policy and standards that animate the law, leaving the
agency to refne those standards, `fll in the blanks,' or apply
the standards to particular cases." Industrial Union Dept.,
AFL -- CIO v. American Petroleum Institute, (1980) (opinion concurring in judgment).
To be clear, the intelligible principle test is not toothless.
But it does operate in a way that respects the President's
Article II authority to execute the laws -- that is, to exercise
discretion and policymaking authority within the limits set
by Congress and without undue judicial interference. See,
e. g., Whitman, 531 U. S., at 472 -- 476; Youngstown Sheet &
Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (Jackson, J.,
concurring) ("When the President acts pursuant to an ex-
704 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

press or implied authorization of Congress, his authority is
at its maximum, for it includes all that he possesses in his
own right plus all that Congress can delegate"). Notably,
the intelligible principle test was accepted and applied over
the years by Justice Scalia, Chief Justice Rehnquist, and
Chief Justice Taft -- three jurists who, based on their Execu-
tive Branch experience and judicial philosophies, deeply ap-
preciated the risks of undue judicial interference with the
operations of the Presidency. See Whitman, 531 U. S., at
472 -- 476 (Scalia, J., joined by Rehnquist, C. J., among others);
Mistretta, 488 U. S., at 371 -- 379 (majority opinion joined by
Rehnquist, C. J.); id., at 415 -- 416 (Scalia, J., dissenting); In-
dustrial Union, 448 U. S., at 673 -- 676, 685 -- 686 (Rehnquist,
J., concurring in judgment); J. W. Hampton, 276 U. S., at 409
(Taft, C. J.); cf. W. Kelley, Justice Scalia, the Nondelegation
Doctrine, and Constitutional Argument, 92 Notre Dame
L. Rev. 2107 (2017). The intelligible principle test has had
Page Proof Pending Publication
staying power -- perhaps because of the diffculty of agreeing
on a workable and constitutionally principled alternative, or
because it has been thought that a stricter test could dimin-
ish the President's longstanding Article II authority to im-
plement legislation.4
In any event, there of course can be diffcult questions
about how to apply the intelligible principle test to particular
statutes. See Industrial Union, 448 U. S., at 646 (plurality
opinion of Stevens, J.); id., at 685 -- 686 (Rehnquist, J., concur-
ring in judgment). But I agree with how the Court has ap-
plied the test in this case.

4
Presidents of varying policy views and political affliations have ac-
cepted or advocated in favor of the intelligible principle test. See, e. g.,
Reply Brief for United States 3 -- 6 (Trump); Brief for United States 19 -- 38
(Biden); Brief for United States in Gundy v. United States, O. T. 2018, No.
17 -- 6086, pp. 14 -- 22 (Trump); Brief for United States in Whitman v. Ameri-
can Trucking Assns., Inc., O. T. 2000, No. 99 -- 1257 etc., pp. 21 -- 26 (Clinton);
Brief for United States in Mistretta v. United States, O. T. 1988, No. 87 -- 
7028 etc., pp. 20 -- 25 (Reagan).
 Cite as: (2025) 705

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

B
I see no need in this case to try to spell out a defnitive
guide for applying the intelligible principle test, and it would
probably not be possible to do so anyway. It is important,
however, to emphasize three points.
First, as both the Court and Justice Gorsuch agree,
under the intelligible principle test, "the degree of agency
discretion that is acceptable varies according to the scope of
the power congressionally conferred." Whitman, 531 U. S.,
at 475; see ante, at 673; post, at 721 (dissenting opinion).
Congressional delegations of authority to the President
"must be judged `according to common sense and the inher-
ent necessities of the governmental co-ordination.' " Indus-
trial Union, 448 U. S., at 675 (Rehnquist, J., concurring in
judgment).
Second, many of the broader structural concerns about ex-
pansive delegations have been substantially mitigated by
Page Proof Pending Publication
this Court's recent case law in related areas -- in particular
(i) the Court's rejection of so-called Chevron deference and
(ii) the Court's application of the major questions canon of
statutory interpretation. Cf. Paul v. United States, (2019) (statement of Kavanaugh, J., respecting
denial of certiorari).
To elaborate: Although the nondelegation doctrine's in-
telligible principle test has historically not packed much
punch in constricting Congress's authority to delegate, the
President generally must act within the confnes set by Con-
gress when he implements legislation. So the President's
actions when implementing legislation are constrained -- 
namely, by the scope of Congress's authorization and by any
restrictions set forth in that statutory text. See Loper
Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, -- 396,
404 (2024).
On top of that, when interpreting a statute and determin-
ing the limits of the statutory text, courts presume that Con-
gress, in the domestic sphere, has not delegated authority to
706 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

the President to issue major rules -- that is, rules of great
political and economic signifcance -- unless Congress clearly
says as much. See West Virginia v. EPA, -- 
724 (2022). Courts "presume that Congress intends to make
major policy decisions itself, not leave those decisions to
agencies." Id., at 723 (quotation marks omitted). That
major questions canon refects both background separation
of powers understandings and the commonsense interpretive
maxim that Congress does not usually "hide elephants in
mouseholes" when granting authority to the President.
Whitman, 531 U. S., at 468; see, e. g., Biden v. Nebraska, -- 506 (2023); FDA v. Brown & Williamson To-
bacco Corp., -- 160 (2000); Industrial Union,
448 U. S., at 645 (plurality opinion); ICC v. Cincinnati,
N. O. & T. P. R. Co., -- 495, 509 (1897).
Third, in the national security and foreign policy realms,
the nondelegation doctrine (whatever its scope with respect
Page Proof Pending Publication
to domestic legislation) appropriately has played an even
more limited role in light of the President's constitutional
responsibilities and independent Article II authority. See
Loving, 517 U. S., at 772 -- 773; Youngstown, 343 U. S., at 636,
(Jackson, J., concurring); Zemel v. Rusk, -- 
18 (1965); United States v. Curtiss-Wright Export Corp., -- 322 (1936); Marshall Field & Co. v. Clark, (1892). In "the area of foreign affairs, Con-
gress `must often accord to the President a degree of discre-
tion and freedom from statutory restriction which would not
be admissible were domestic affairs alone involved.' " In-
dustrial Union, 448 U. S., at 684 (Rehnquist, J., concurring
in judgment).
In addition, the major questions canon has not been ap-
plied by this Court in the national security or foreign policy
contexts, because the canon does not refect ordinary con-
gressional intent in those areas. On the contrary, the usual
understanding is that Congress intends to give the President
substantial authority and fexibility to protect America and
 Cite as: (2025) 707

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

the American people -- and that Congress specifes limits on
the President when it wants to restrict Presidential power
in those national security and foreign policy domains. See
Youngstown, 343 U. S., at 635 -- 638 (Jackson, J., concurring);
see also Hamdi v. Rumsfeld, (2004) (plural-
ity opinion); Dames & Moore v. Regan, -- 
679 (1981); Zemel, 381 U. S., at 8 -- 9; Al -- Bihani v. Obama, 619
F. 3d 1, 38 -- 41, 48 -- 52 (CADC 2010) (Kavanaugh, J., concur-
ring in denial of rehearing en banc); C. Bradley & J. Gold-
smith, Foreign Affairs, Nondelegation, and the Major Ques-
tions Doctrine, 172 U. Pa. L. Rev. 1743, 1789 -- 1801 (2024).
The canon does not translate to those contexts because of the
nature of Presidential decisionmaking in response to ever-
changing national security threats and diplomatic challenges.
Moreover, in those areas, the President possesses at least
some independent constitutional power to act even without
congressional authorization -- that is, in Youngstown cate-

Page Proof Pending Publication
gory 2.5
II
Congressional delegations to independent agencies, as dis-
tinct from delegations to the President and executive agen-
cies, raise substantial Article II issues.
Critiques of broad congressional delegations sometimes
focus on offcials described as "unaccountable bureaucrats."
But that label does not squarely ft delegations to executive
agencies. In those circumstances, the President and his
subordinate executive offcials maintain control over the ex-
ecutive actions undertaken pursuant to a delegation. And
the President is elected by and accountable to all the Ameri-
can people. See Myers v. United States, 
(1926).
5
The Youngstown category 2 situation is distinct from the far narrower
set of circumstances where a President can lawfully act even over a con-
gressional prohibition -- that is, in Youngstown category 3. See Hamdan
v. Rumsfeld, -- 639 (2006) (Kennedy, J., concurring in
part); Youngstown, 343 U. S., at 637 -- 638, 640 -- 647 (Jackson, J., concurring).
708 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

Rather, the problems with delegations to "unaccountable"
offcials primarily arise from delegations to independent
agencies. Independent agencies are headed by offcers who
are not removable at will by the President and who thus
operate largely independent of Presidential supervision and
direction. Those independent agency heads are not elected
by the people and are not accountable to the people for their
policy decisions. Unlike executive agencies supervised and
directed by the President, independent agencies sit uncom-
fortably at the outer periphery of the Executive Branch.
Although this Court has thus far allowed such agencies in
certain circumstances, they belong to what has been aptly
labeled a "headless Fourth Branch." Freytag v. Commis-
sioner, (1991) (Scalia, J., concurring in part
and concurring in judgment) (quotation marks omitted); see
Humphrey's Executor v. United States, -- 
629 (1935); see also In re Aiken Cty., 645 F. 3d 428, 439 -- 446
Page Proof Pending Publication
(CADC 2011) (Kavanaugh, J., concurring).
This case involves a congressional delegation of authority
to the FCC. The FCC has commonly been viewed as an
independent agency headed by fve Commissioners. But at
oral argument in this case, the Government correctly pointed
out that the FCC formally is not an independent agency be-
cause "the FCC does not have statutory for-cause removal
protections" -- in other words, no statutory text restricts the
President's authority to remove FCC Commissioners at will.
Tr. of Oral Arg. 54. And as the Government indicated, this
Court's usual practice, given the text and structure of Arti-
cle II, is not to infer for-cause removal protections from stat-
utory silence. See Kennedy v. Braidwood Management,
Inc., -- 772 (2025); Shurtleff v. United States,
-- 315 (1903). For those reasons, I tend to
agree with the Government that the FCC, in light of the
statutory text, should not be considered an independent
agency.
 Cite as: (2025) 709

Kavanaugh, J., concurring

If the FCC were an independent agency, however, then a
serious Article II delegation problem would arise, in my
view. When Congress delegates authority to the President
or an executive agency, the exercise of that delegated author-
ity is controlled by the President who was elected by and is
accountable to the people. See Myers, 272 U. S., at 123, 163 -- 
164. But when Congress delegates authority to an inde-
pendent agency, no democratically elected offcial is account-
able. Whom do the people blame and hold responsible for a
bad decision or policy adopted by an independent agency?
Such a system of disembodied independent agencies with
enormous power over the American people and American
economy operates in substantial tension with the principle of
democratic accountability incorporated into the Constitu-
tion's text and structure, as well as historical practice and
foundational Article II precedents. "The Constitution re-
quires that a President chosen by the entire Nation oversee
Page Proof Pending Publication
the execution of the laws." Free Enterprise Fund v. Public
Company Accounting Oversight Bd., 
(2010); see Myers, 272 U. S., at 163 -- 164; see also Morrison
v. Olson, -- 727 (1988) (Scalia, J., dissenting).
There are at least two possible solutions to the problem
caused by congressional delegations of authority to inde-
pendent agencies. One is to overrule (or signifcantly nar-
row) Humphrey's Executor so that the heads of all or most
independent agencies are removable at will by the President,
and thus supervised and directed by the President. A sec-
ond option would be to apply a more stringent version of the
nondelegation doctrine to delegations to independent agen-
cies. For example, to take one possibility, independent
agencies might need to frst submit proposed rules to Con-
gress for approval in the legislative process before the rules
can take effect.
I will not prolong the point here. Congressional delega-
tions of policymaking authority to independent agencies
710 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Jackson, J., concurring

raise signifcant Article II issues. In an appropriate case,
this Court should address that problem.

* * *
As the Court explains, Congress has delegated authority
to the FCC with respect to the Universal Service Fund in
accordance with the longstanding intelligible principle test.
If the FCC were an independent agency, however, the ques-
tion would be more diffcult. Because that issue is not pre-
sented in this case, I join the Court's opinion in full.

Justice Jackson, concurring.
Respondents in this case have challenged the Federal
Communications Commission's universal-service program
under both the traditional nondelegation doctrine and the
private nondelegation doctrine. The Court properly rejects
both challenges today, and I join the Court's opinion in full.
Page Proof Pending Publication
I write separately to express my skepticism that the private
nondelegation doctrine -- which purports to bar the Govern-
ment from delegating authority to private actors -- is a viable
and independent doctrine in the frst place. Nothing in the
text of the Constitution appears to support a per se rule bar-
ring private delegations. And recent scholarship highlights
a similar lack of support for the doctrine in our history and
precedents. See, e. g., A. Volokh, The Myth of the Federal
Private Nondelegation Doctrine, 99 Notre Dame L. Rev.
203 (2023).
In today's case, none of the parties addressed these con-
cerns, and the Court had no reason to consider them
sua sponte because respondents' private nondelegation claim
failed on its own terms. But we should tread carefully be-
fore entertaining challenges under this theory in the future.
"When the Constitution's text does not provide a limit to a
coordinate branch's power, we should not lightly assume that
Article III implicitly directs the Judiciary to fnd one."
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau v. Community Fi-
 Cite as: (2025) 711

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

nancial Services Assn. of America, Ltd., 
(2024) (Jackson, J., concurring).

Justice Gorsuch, with whom Justice Thomas and Jus-
tice Alito join, dissenting.
Within the federal government, Congress "alone has ac-
cess to the pockets of the people." The Federalist No. 48,
p. 334 (J. Cooke ed. 1961) (J. Madison). The Constitution af-
fords only our elected representatives the power to decide
which taxes the government can collect and at what rates.
See Art. I, cl. 1. Throughout the Nation's history, Con-
gress has almost invariably respected this assignment. As
this Court observed some decades ago, it would represent "a
sharp break with our traditions" for Congress to abdicate its
responsibilities and "besto[w] on a federal agency the taxing
power." National Cable Television Assn., Inc. v. United
States, (1974).
Page Proof Pending Publication
Today, the Court departs from these time-honored rules.
When it comes to "universal service" taxes, the Court con-
cludes, an executive agency may decide for itself what rates
to apply and how much to collect. In upholding that ar-
rangement, the Court defes the Constitution's command that
Congress "may not transfer to another branch `powers which
are strictly and exclusively legislative.' " Gundy v. United
States, (2019) (plurality opinion) ).
Still, things could be worse. Because today's misadven-
ture "sits unmoored from surrounding law," I have reason to
hope its approach will not stand the test of time. Loper
Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, (2024)
(Gorsuch, J., concurring) (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). And even as the Court swallows a delegation beyond
anything yet seen in the U. S. Reports, it also signals, unmis-
takably, that there are some abdications of congressional au-
thority, including in the very statute before us, that the pres-
ent majority isn't prepared to stomach.
712 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

I
If you look closely at your phone bill, you will likely notice
a charge for "universal service." Perhaps you have won-
dered what that is and why you are paying for it. As it
turns out, in 47 U. S. C., Congress has authorized the
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to subsidize a
number of disparate programs under the umbrella of "uni-
versal service." The FCC selects which programs to pursue
and how much they should cost. To fund them, the agency
taxes telecommunications companies at a rate it controls.
By regulation, those companies are then free to pass the
charges along to consumers like you. This case involves a
challenge to that scheme. To appreciate the questions it
poses for us, some background helps.

A
The phrase "universal service" has carried different mean-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ings at different times. Originally, it referred to "a tele-
phone network that covers all of a country." M. Mueller,
Universal Service: Competition, Interconnection, and Mo-
nopoly in the Making of the American Telephone System 1
(1997). And it meant one network in particular: the Bell
System owned by the American Telephone and Telegraph
Company (AT&T). AT&T's president coined the slogan in
1907 -- "One System, One Policy, Universal Service" -- to
boost Bell's nascent monopoly. Id., at 4, 96. "Universal,"
as AT&T used it, focused less on telephone service for all
than on making sure AT&T provided all the service. And
the slogan proved apt: By the 1920s, the Bell System, fght-
ing "under the banner of universal service," had conquered
the U. S. telephone market. Id., at 146.
Over time, "the term `universal service' took on a new
meaning." P. Huber, M. Kellogg, & J. Thorne, Federal Tele-
communications Law.1.1.2 (3d ed. Supp. 2022) (Huber).
For much of the 20th century, it referred to a policy aimed
at making landline local phone service "available to all con-
 Cite as: (2025) 713

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

sumers at a reasonable cost." Ibid. Even so, AT&T's mo-
nopoly remained at the heart of it all. As with other monop-
olistic public utilities, federal and state governments
regulated the rates the Bell System could charge. See Veri-
zon Communications Inc. v. FCC, (2002).
And, for decades, that was the key to universal service: Reg-
ulators manipulated rates to expand Americans' access to
telephones. See Huber.1.1.2. So, for example, "[l]ong-
distance rates were used to subsidize local rates, business
rates to subsidize residential rates, and urban rates to subsi-
dize rural rates." Ibid.
That system of implicit subsidies worked as long as the
same family of companies served all telephone customers.
See Verizon Communications, 535 U. S., at 480 -- 481. But
the scheme began to falter in the 1970s and 1980s, as new
long-distance carriers entered the picture, and an antitrust
consent decree spun off AT&T's long-distance business into
Page Proof Pending Publication
a separate company, with newly independent "Baby Bells"
now providing local service. See NYNEX Corp. v. Discon,
Inc., -- 131 (1998); Bell Atlantic Corp. v.
Twombly, (2007). At that point, regulators
could no longer depend on the Bell System to subsidize local
rates by infating long-distance rates. See Huber.2.1.2.
Still, parts of the old universal-service regime hung on.
Because the Baby Bells continued to enjoy regional monopo-
lies over local phone service, regulators could still rely on
them to provide some implicit subsidies, charging higher
rates to some customers while offering below-cost service to
others. See id.,.2.1. The FCC pitched in, too, by requir-
ing long-distance carriers to subsidize local providers, and by
establishing a "Lifeline" program to help low-income house-
holds afford local phone service. See Rural Telephone Co-
alition v. FCC, 838 F. 2d 1307, 1311 -- 1312 (CADC 1988);
Huber.2.2.3; ante, at 666.
Eventually, however, Congress decided that universal
service had to be "ripped apart and rebuilt afresh." Huber
714 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting.10. In the Telecommunications Act of 1996, 110 Stat. 56,
Congress "fundamentally restructure[d]" the local telephone
market. AT&T Corp. v. Iowa Utilities Bd., (1999). No more, Congress declared, should the Baby
Bells enjoy regional monopolies over local phone service;
now, they must face competition, too. See ibid. To achieve
that objective, Congress required the Baby Bells to share
their networks with new entrants seeking to offer landline
local phone services. See Twombly, 550 U. S., at 549.1 But
Congress also recognized that its new approach would deal
"a fatal blow" to "the preexisting system of universal serv-
ice," for there would no longer be monopolies whose rates
regulators could adjust to subsidize some customers at the
expense of others. R. Krotoszynski, Reconsidering the
Nondelegation Doctrine: Universal Service, the Power To
Tax, and the Ratifcation Doctrine, 80 Ind. L. J. 239, 282
(2005).

Page Proof Pending Publication
So Congress had to reimagine "universal service" again.
In of the Telecommunications Act, Congress used the
term "universal service" for the frst time and invested it
with a new meaning. See Huber.3. Gone was Bell's old
idea that universal service meant a single network of wires
covering the country. Gone, too, was the idea that the Bell
monopoly should subsidize basic telephone service by infat-
ing other customers' rates. Repurposing the slogan of uni-
versal service once more, Congress told the FCC to decide

1
That solution may seem quaint today, when three quarters of American
adults live in households without a landline telephone. See S. Blum-
berg & J. Luke, National Center for Health Statistics, Wireless Substitu-
tion 2 (June 2024). But in 1996, things looked different. Local phone
service depended on a network of copper wires connecting each home and
business. See Huber.2.2. That network seemed impossible to dupli-
cate, and for decades, "local phone service was thought to be a natural
monopoly." AT&T Corp. v. Iowa Utilities Bd., (1999).
Congress responded by requiring the Baby Bells to share their infrastruc-
ture with new rivals. See Huber.11.2. As it turned out, of course,
cell phones soon became ubiquitous, and that web of copper became less
relevant. See id.,.1.
 Cite as: (2025) 715

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

for itself what the concept meant and to fund programs con-
sistent with its understanding. See (1). And to pay
for those programs, Congress authorized the agency to tax a
broad base of interstate "telecommunications carrier[s]" and
"provider[s].".
B
1
To understand how the scheme works, start with the pro-
grams the FCC may fund. Section 254 describes "universal
service" as "an evolving level of telecommunications serv-
ices" that the agency must both "preserve" and "advance."
(5), (c)(1). To determine which specifc services to
fund and at what level, (1) directs the FCC to "con-
sider" four factors. Those factors look to "the extent to
which" a service (A) is "essential to education, public health,
or public safety," (B) has "been subscribed to by a substantial

Page Proof Pending Publication
majority of residential customers," (C) is "being deployed...
by telecommunications carriers," and (D) is "consistent with
the public interest, convenience, and necessity." 
(1)(A) -- (D).
On top of those four factors, the statute supplies six fur-
ther "principles" in. So, for instance, the agency
must "base" its funding decisions on the principles that
"[q]uality services should be available at just, reasonable,
and affordable rates," (1), and that "[a]ccess to ad-
vanced telecommunications and information services should
be provided in all regions of the Nation," (2). In ad-
dition, the FCC may adopt other new "principles" that it
"determine[s] " to be "necessary and appropriate. "
(7). To date, the FCC has exercised that authority
twice. One new principle requires "competitive neutrality"
among providers and technologies,2 and the other encourages

2
"COMPETITIVE NEUTRALITY -- Universal service support mecha-
nisms and rules should be competitively neutral. In this context, compet-
itive neutrality means that universal service support mechanisms and
rules neither unfairly advantage nor disadvantage one provider over an-
716 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

"support for advanced services" including "broadband
networks." 3
From this mash of four factors and six (now eight) princi-
ples, the FCC must discern which programs it wishes to fund
and to what degree. And it falls to the FCC to " `balance' "
these "factors" and " `principles' " " `against one another
when they confict.' " Reply Brief for Federal Petitioners
11 -- 12 ). So, for instance, if the FCC fnds that a par-
ticular service is "essential to education," (1)(A), but
not "subscribed to by a substantial majority of residential
customers," (1)(B), the agency must pick which part
of the statute prevails. As the FCC has long put it: "[A]ll
four criteria enumerated in section 254(c)(1) must be consid-
ered, but not each necessarily met." In re Federal-State
Joint Bd. on Universal Serv., 12 FCC Rcd. 8776, 8809 (1997).
Still, that is not quite the end of it. At least when it
Page Proof Pending Publication
comes to schools, libraries, and healthcare providers, two ad-
ditional provisions -- (3) and (2) -- permit the
agency to pay for "advanced" and "additional" services that
go "above the baseline of what's been considered universal
service." Tr. of Oral Arg. 42, 47. Consistent with these
provisions, the FCC has funded programs without regard to
whether they satisfy the four factors outlined in (1).
See 12 FCC Rcd., at 9008 -- 9011.
Over time, the services the agency has funded have
evolved considerably. So, for example, in 1996 the FCC de-
bated whether to subsidize "touch-tone service," not just old

other, and neither unfairly favor nor disfavor one technology over an-
other." In re Federal-State Joint Bd. on Universal Serv., 12 FCC Rcd.
8776, 8801 (1997).
3
In re Connect America Fund, 26 FCC Rcd. 17663, 17679 (2011); see
also ibid. (" `Support for Advanced Services -- Universal service support
should be directed where possible to networks that provide advanced serv-
ices, as well as voice services' ").
 Cite as: (2025) 717

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

rotary phones. 61 Fed. Reg. 10503 (1996). (The answer:
Yes. 12 FCC Rcd., at 8809.) By 2011, the FCC "compre-
hensively reform[ed] and modernize[d]" its universal-service
goals to include expanding access to internet services nation-
wide. In re Connect America Fund, 26 FCC Rcd. 17663,
17667 (2011). More recently, the agency has announced that
the Universal Service Fund will help put Wi-Fi on school
buses. In re Modernizing the E-Rate Program for Schools
and Libraries, FCC No. 23 -- 84 (2023) (declaratory ruling).

2
Once the FCC decides which programs to support, it must
fgure out how to pay for them. On that score, of-
fers this instruction: "Every telecommunications carrier that
provides interstate telecommunications services shall con-
tribute, on an equitable and nondiscriminatory basis, to the
specifc, predictable, and suffcient mechanisms established
Page Proof Pending Publication
by the Commission to preserve and advance universal serv-
ice." ; see (4). In addition to those "manda-
tory" contributions from common carriers, the statute also
grants the FCC "permissive" authority to compel contribu-
tions from "[a]ny other provider of interstate telecommunica-
tions," including noncommon carriers, "if the public interest
so requires." ; 12 FCC Rcd., at 9178. Essentially,
the agency must fgure out whom to tax and how much.
Taking up the question whom to tax, the agency has said
that every telecommunications carrier must "contribute" a
share of its revenue from interstate and international tele-
communications services (think long-distance calls). 47
CFR.706 (2024). But over time, the FCC has also ex-
panded the roster of companies who must contribute, so that
it now includes providers of prepaid calling cards and
internet-based calling. See 71 Fed. Reg. 38781, 43667
(2006). Currently, the FCC does not tax carriers' broad-
band revenues (think internet). But some have suggested
718 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

that, too, should change. See In re Report on the Future
of the Universal Serv. Fund, 37 FCC Rcd. 10041, 10088 -- 
10094 (2022).
After deciding whom to tax, the agency must determine
how much to collect from each carrier. For that, the FCC
relies on the Universal Service Administrative Company, a
Delaware not-for-proft corporation. Congress has not ex-
pressly authorized the FCC to outsource its responsibilities
under. But in 1997, the FCC directed an association
of carriers to create the Administrative Company, and the
agency has assumed the task of defning that company's
structure and role. See Brief for Federal Petitioners 4; 47
CFR.703, 54.705; ante, at 669 -- 670. Among other
things, FCC regulations ensure that a supermajority of the
Administrative Company's board consists of directors who
represent industry insiders (like carriers) and groups that
beneft fnancially from universal-service programs (like li-
Page Proof Pending Publication
braries and schools)..703(b)(1).
How does the Administrative Company help calculate the
tax each carrier must pay? Each quarter, the company esti-
mates the upcoming expenses of the FCC's universal-service
programs..709(a)(3). Once the FCC approves that
fgure, the company next estimates carriers' total revenues
from interstate telecommunications, based on their self-
reported fgures. This is known as the "contribution base."
Ibid. Finally, the FCC calculates the ratio of projected ex-
penses to the contribution base, which yields the "contribu-
tion factor," or the percentage of its revenue each carrier
must pay..709(a)(2); ante, at 668 -- 669.
As the scope of the FCC's programs has expanded, so have
the taxes the agency collects to fund them. In 1998,
universal-service disbursements totaled about $2.29 billion.
Universal Service Administrative Co., 1999 Annual Report
2. In 2024, that fgure swelled to about $8.59 billion -- nearly
double, adjusted for infation. Universal Service Adminis-
trative Co., 2024 Annual Report 4. To pay for that increase,
 Cite as: (2025) 719

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

the "contribution factor" (or tax rate) has risen, too. In
1998, carriers paid less than 4% of their revenue from inter-
state and international telecommunications. 63 Fed. Reg.
35931 (1998). Today, that fgure is nearly 37%. FCC, Pub-
lic Notice, DA 25 -- 223 (Mar. 13, 2025).4
One might wonder why the Administrative Company, dom-
inated as it is by industry insiders, has allowed universal-
service contributions to grow so dramatically. FCC regula-
tions supply at least a partial explanation: "Federal universal
service contribution costs may be recovered... through a
line item on a customer's bill." 47 CFR.712(a). So, in
the end, it is consumers who pay for the agency's universal-
service programs.
II
A
In 2022, a carrier, a non-proft group, and several con-

Page Proof Pending Publication
sumers (collectively, respondents) challenged the present
universal-service scheme. Under the Constitution, they ob-
served, Congress must set the federal government's tax poli-

4
The skyrocketing contribution factor is attributable in part -- but only
in part -- to a shrinking contribution base. To fund its programs, remem-
ber, the FCC presently taxes revenue from interstate and international
telecommunications, such as long-distance calling. Over time, carrier rev-
enue from phone service has shrunk. As a result, tax rates must rise just
to keep receipts constant. But this is only a partial explanation for the
rising contribution factor. As we have seen, FCC receipts have done far
more than keep constant. Seeking to downplay the growth of the FCC's
programs, the Court fddles with the fgures. It suggests that we should
treat 1999, rather than 1998, as the baseline, "because in 1998, some of the
new statute's universal-service programs were just getting off the
ground." Ante, at 686, 687, and. But I would have thought that's the
point. To assess whether the FCC's program contains anything resem-
bling a "cap" on total tax collections, as the Court maintains, surely it
helps to understand exactly how much the agency has grown that program
in the years since Congress acted. See ante, at 682 -- 687. Really, using
1998 as the baseline spots the FCC a good bit of ramp-up time, too: After
all, Congress enacted the Telecommunications Act in 1996.
720 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

cies. And, they argued, offends that rule because it
allows the FCC and the Administrative Company to decide
how much tax to collect and at what rate. The Fifth Circuit
largely agreed with respondents' submissions. See 109
F. 4th 743 (2024) (en banc). The FCC, an association of car-
riers, and others (collectively, petitioners) then sought our
review.
As the dispute comes to us, it presents three questions.
First, did Congress violate the Constitution by delegating to
the FCC the power to tax? Second, did the FCC violate the
Constitution by subdelegating some of its authority to the
private Administrative Company? And third, even if nei-
ther of those features independently offends the Constitu-
tion, does their combination? As I see it, this case begins
and ends with the frst question. Section 254 impermissibly
delegates Congress's taxing power to the FCC, and knowing
that is enough to know the Fifth Circuit's judgment should

Page Proof Pending Publication
be affrmed.5
Even when it comes to that frst question, there is much
we need not address. Elsewhere, I have urged the Court
to reconsider its approach to assessing legislative delegations
in light of the Constitution's original meaning and historic
practice. See Gundy, 588 U. S., at 149 (dissenting opinion).
But respondents tell us we need not do so here. Instead,
they argue, 's delegation of authority to the FCC cannot
survive even the most forgiving standard this Court has de-
vised for analyzing delegations: The modern version of the
"intelligible principle" test. See Brief for Respondents 65 -- 
66. So I will focus on that test, how it applies here, and why
fails it.6

5
When granting certiorari, we also asked the parties to address whether
this dispute is moot. I agree with the Court that it is not. See ante, at
671 -- 672,.
6
Before proceeding further, note some of the questions this case does
not present. First, while respondents argue that the FCC's subdelega-
tion to the Administrative Company offends the Constitution, they do not
 Cite as: (2025) 721

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

The Court and I approach our task from common ground.
As the Court acknowledges, the Constitution vests "[a]ll"
federal legislative power in Congress. Art. I, ; see ante,
at 672. Necessarily, that assignment means "no other"
branch of government may exercise legislative power.
Ante, at 672. To enforce that rule, this Court has developed
the "intelligible principle" test. Ante, at 673 (internal quo-
tation marks omitted); cf. J. W. Hampton, Jr., & Co. v. United
States, (1928). All agree, too, that the test
must do something to stop Congress from giving the Presi-
dent or an executive agency a blank check to legislate.
See ibid.
On top of all that, the Court and I agree that the intelligi-
ble principle test is not one size fts all. Ante, at 673. In-
stead, "contex[t]" matters. Ante, at 684. Among other
things, that means that the " `degree of agency discretion
that is acceptable' " depends on " `the scope of the power con-

Page Proof Pending Publication
gressionally conferred.' " Ante, at 673 ).
So, for instance, Congress might permissibly give an agency
wide leeway in designing a tax stamp. See In re Kollock,
(1897). But Congress must give far more

press a statutory argument that the FCC lacks authority under to
pass some of its responsibilities on to a private corporation. See 109
F. 4th 743, 774 -- 777, and (CA5 2024) (en banc). Second, the Adminis-
trative Company's directors overwhelmingly represent entities with a f-
nancial stake in expanding universal service: those who beneft from
universal-service programs (like schools and hospitals) and those who get
paid to supply the benefts (the carriers). See Part I -- B -- 2, supra. Some
amici suggest that seemingly conficted arrangement may offend the Fifth
Amendment's Due Process Clause. See, e. g., Brief for Reason Foundation
as Amicus Curiae 18 -- 23. But neither the court of appeals nor respond-
ents took up that argument. See 109 F. 4th, at 768,. Third, one
might ask whether the Administrative Company's leaders qualify as off-
cers of the United States and, if so, whether their role complies with the
Appointments Clause, U. S. Const., Art. II, cl. 2. See Brief for Reason
Foundation as Amicus Curiae 13 -- 18. But, again, neither the court of
appeals nor the parties addressed those questions.
722 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

detailed instructions if it wants an agency to regulate an
entire industry. See A. L. A. Schechter Poultry Corp. v.
United States, -- 542 (1935).

B
From that common ground, however, my path and the
Court's begin to diverge. I would start by examining the
nature of the power Congress assigned to the FCC. Under, the FCC may compel carriers to "contribute" money
to support what everyone agrees is a government program.
See Wisconsin Bell, Inc. v. United States ex rel. Heath, (2025). That is a quintessential tax -- a "com-
pulsory contribution to the support of government." 17 Ox-
ford English Dictionary 677 (2d ed. 1989) (defning "tax").
Several FCC commissioners, including at least two FCC
chairmen, have seen it the same way, referring to universal-
service "contributions" as "taxes." 7 So have academics and
Page Proof Pending Publication
other informed commentators.8 Before us, as well, the FCC
has said that it is "willing" to have this Court treat
universal-service contributions "as a tax." Tr. of Oral Arg.
53. Really, if this compulsory contribution is not a tax,
"[w]hat else would you call it?" Bondi v. VanDerStok, (2025).

7
See, e. g., B. Carr, Ending Big Tech's Free Ride, Newsweek, May 24,
2021, https://www.newsweek.com/ending-big-techs-free-ride-opinion-
1593696; In re Lifeline and Link Up Reform and Modernization, 31 FCC
Rcd. 3962, 4165 (2016) (Comm'r Pai, dissenting); In re Federal-State Joint
Bd. on Universal Serv., 13 FCC Rcd. 14915, 14980 (1998) (Comm'r
Furchtgott-Roth, dissenting).
8
See, e. g., S. Benjamin, B. Richman, & J. Speta, Internet and Telecom-
munications Regulation 225 -- 226 (2d ed. 2023); T. Narechania & E. Stall-
man, Internet Federalism, 34 Harv. J. L. & Tech. 547, 612 (2021); W. Roger-
son, New Economic Perspectives on Telecommunications Regulation, 67
U. Chi. L. Rev. 1489, 1502 -- 1503 (2000); G. Gekas & J. Harper, Annual Regu-
lation of Business Focus: Regulation of Electronic Commerce, 51 Admin.
L. Rev. 769, 782 (1999).
 Cite as: (2025) 723

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Taxation ranks among the government's greatest powers.
Indeed, it is arguably the federal government's "most impor-
tant... authorit[y]." The Federalist No. 33, p. 205 (A. Ham-
ilton). As this Court has put it, the "power to tax is the one
great power upon which the whole national fabric is based."
Nicol v. Ames, (1899); see also McCulloch
v. Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316, 431 (1819) ("[T]he power to tax
involves the power to destroy"). Refecting as much, the
Constitution provides that all legislation "for raising Reve-
nue" must "originate in the House of Representatives," the
only popularly elected chamber at the time of the Constitu-
tion's adoption. Art. I, cl. 1; see Amdt. 17. As the
framers saw it, "the Chamber that is more accountable to
the people should have the primary role in raising revenue."
United States v. Munoz-Flores, (1990).
That context matters. To survive the intelligible princi-
ple test, a delegation involving such a signifcant power must
Page Proof Pending Publication
supply more signifcant limits on an agency's discretion than
when Congress confers some lesser authority. That is not to
say some "different and stricter" test applies when Congress
delegates the power to tax. See Skinner v. Mid-America
Pipeline Co., -- 223 (1989). It is instead to
recognize that what qualifes as an intelligible principle de-
pends on "context" and "the nature of the particular consti-
tutional powers" at issue. Lichter v. United States, (1948).
What exactly does the intelligible principle test require
in this context? Surely, history must count for something.
And it supplies at least one clear standard. As far as I can
tell, and as far as petitioners have informed us, this Court
has never approved legislation allowing an executive agency
to tax domestically unless Congress itself has prescribed the
tax rate. See, e. g., Michigan Central R. Co. v. Powers, (1906) (suggesting that "a direct legislative de-
termination of the rate" avoids "abdication of the legislative
724 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

function"); 1 T. Cooley & C. Nichols, Law of Taxation 194
(4th ed. 1924) (Cooley & Nichols) ("The nondelegable powers... include... the fxing of the rate of taxation"); J. Hines &
K. Logue, Delegating Tax, 114 Mich. L. Rev. 235, 239 (2015)
(Hines & Logue) ("[D]elegating some control over income tax
rates... would be unprecedented in U. S. history"); cf. Tr.
of Oral Arg. 39 -- 40, 57, 78.9
Applying that insight here poses petitioners with a serious
problem. "[A]ll agree" that Congress has not set the rate
at which the FCC may exact contributions. Ante, at 674.
Instead, delegates to the FCC the power to determine
which services to fund and thus the amount of money to col-
lect. See Part I -- B -- 1, supra. To secure those funds, the
agency uses the Administrative Company to set a "contribu-
tion factor" -- i. e., the percentage of its revenues a carrier
must pay. See Part I -- B -- 2, supra. That's a tax rate. And,
remember, that rate has grown from less than 4% of carriers'

Page Proof Pending Publication
applicable revenues in 1998 to nearly 37% today -- all based
on the agency's say-so and without any change to the statute.
Ibid. Nothing in the U. S. Reports suggests that an execu-
tive agency may exercise that kind of power over taxation.
To be sure, petitioners identify an exception to the historic
rule that only Congress may set tax rates. Sometimes, they
point out, Congress has declined to supply a rate and instead
opted to cap the total sum the Executive may collect. See

9
The frst federal income tax statute, the Revenue Act of 1861, created
a fat tax of 3% on income exceeding $800. 12 Stat. 309. The frst income
tax created after the Sixteenth Amendment's ratifcation provided for pro-
gressive rates ranging from 1% to 7%. 38 Stat. 166. Income tax rates
have become more complicated over time, but Congress still sets them.
See, e. g., 26 U. S. C.. The same pattern holds true for other kinds of
taxes. In 1791, for instance, the frst federal excise on distilled spirits set
rates to the penny. 1 Stat. 202 -- 203. So do excise taxes today. See, e. g.,
-- (b) (imposing a 3% excise tax on local telephone service). In
some cases, Congress has set the tax as a dollar amount rather than a
percentage rate. See, e. g., ($550 tax on the use of highway
motor vehicles with a gross weight over 75,000 pounds).
 Cite as: (2025) 725

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Brief for Petitioner SHLB Coalition et al. 38 -- 39; Brief for
Respondents 33 -- 36; Reply Brief for Federal Petitioners 6 -- 7;
see Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 8 Wall. 533, 542 (1869). But none
of this solves petitioners' problem. For one thing, petition-
ers identify no example of a lump-sum delegation outside of
direct taxes on property -- a unique context where the Con-
stitution's apportionment requirement makes it practically
impossible for Congress to set taxes by rate.10 For another,
and even setting aside that diffculty, the lump-sum exception
still would not save. As the Court acknowledges, the
statute before us "contains no determinate cap." Ante, at
674. Instead, the FCC gets to decide for itself how much to
collect -- and, over time, has exercised that authority to dou-
ble that amount. See Part I -- B, supra.

III
Having failed to identify a single example where this
Page Proof Pending Publication
Court has approved a tax delegation like this one, petitioners
and the Court propose a workaround. Yes, they concede,
"imposes no quantitative... limits on how much money
10
Congress must apportion direct taxes among the States according to
population. Art. I, cl. 3;, cl. 4. That requirement makes it diffcult
to set uniform tax rates across the Nation, since a State's share of the
national population rarely corresponds to its share of wealth. See Moore
v. United States, (2024). But that challenge does not
extend to "indirect" taxes, such as the tax before us, which need not be
apportioned. See id., at 582 -- 583. And because the Uniformity Clause,
Art. I, cl. 1, requires indirect taxes to apply "at the same rate" across
the country, United States v. Ptasynski, (1983), it is not
clear that Congress could simply cap receipts from an indirect tax, without
also providing guidance to ensure it applies equally everywhere. That
uniformity requirement might explain why petitioners have identifed no
historical example, outside the direct tax arena, where Congress declined
to set a tax rate. Note, too, that even when Congress has employed a
lump-sum approach, it has usually supplied signifcant guidance in addition
to the cap. See N. Parrillo, A Critical Assessment of the Originalist Case
Against Administrative Regulatory Power, 130 Yale L. J. 1288, 1324, 1449 -- 
1455 (2021).
726 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

the FCC can raise." Ante, at 681. But, they contend, Con-
gress has provided guidance that amounts to a "qualitative"
cap. Ibid.; see, e. g., Brief for Federal Petitioners 29 -- 30.
To support that claim, petitioners and the Court emphasize
that requires the FCC to collect taxes "suffcient...
to preserve and advance universal service." The word "suf-
fcient," they submit, "imposes an obligation" on the FCC "to
ensure that the [Universal Service] Fund is large enough,
but not too large, to achieve the statutory goals" Congress
supplied. Brief for Petitioner SHLB Coalition et al. 23.
And, they continue, Congress has laid out those goals in a
"detailed" way that "cabin[s] the FCC's exercise of delegated
authority." Id., at i.
Even taken on its own terms, I fnd that response unper-
suasive. For argument's sake, assume that, instead of fxing
the rate at which the FCC can tax, Congress may permissi-
bly impose a numerical limit on receipts. Assume, too, that
Page Proof Pending Publication
"qualitative" instructions may sometimes provide guidance
functionally equivalent to a numerical limit. Even then,
's "qualitative" instructions hardly measure up. Really,
the numbers speak for themselves. Recall that in 1998, the
FCC disbursed about $2.29 billion. Part I -- B -- 2, supra. A
quarter century later, that fgure hit about $8.59 billion.
Ibid. Even adjusting those fgures for infation, the FCC
has nearly doubled the amount of tax it collects. Ibid. Far
from supplying "qualitative" directions akin to a numerical
cap, supplies little more than a blank check.
Truth be told, the Court does not fnd its own response
entirely persuasive, either. It upholds the ability of the
FCC to tax and spend for universal-service programs under
(1). See ante, at 682 -- 687. But, recall, (3)
and (h)(2) also allow the FCC to support "advanced" and "ad-
ditional" services without regard to (1)'s factors. See
Part I -- B -- 1, supra. And in a remarkable footnote, the Court
scruples to say those two provisions suffciently constrain the
agency's taxing power. See ante, at 687,. All the Court
 Cite as: (2025) 727

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

is willing to defend, in other words, is whatever level of taxa-
tion suffces to support universal service as defned under
(1), and no more. Consider each of these moves in
turn.
A
Start with the parts of the Court does defend -- the
programs the FCC supports pursuant to (1). To-
gether with, that provision merely tells the FCC to
tax carriers in an amount "suffcient" to "preserve and ad-
vance universal service." To my eyes, it's hard to see how
that direction might be fairly analogized to a numerical cap.
The statute, remember, does not say what "universal serv-
ice" is, and the phrase bears no established meaning. To be
sure, I have a good sense of what "universal service" meant
when the Bell System used it to protect its monopoly. See
Part I -- A, supra. I have an idea, too, of what the phrase
came to mean later, as a shorthand for the practice of regu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lating rates so most Americans could afford basic phone serv-
ice. See ibid. But, as we have seen, the 1996 Act "ripped
apart" the old notion of universal service. Huber.10.
Going forward, Congress declared, the meaning of universal
service would "evolv[e]." (1). In what directions?
Congress left that for the FCC to work out.
Of course, the statute proceeds to offer some direction to
the agency about what qualifes as "universal service," and
thus how much it can tax and spend. But, even viewed
charitably, that guidance can hardly be described as the func-
tional equivalent of a numerical cap. Just recall what the
statute actually says. It instructs the FCC to discern the
"evolving" meaning of "universal service" from the primor-
dial soup of four factors found in (1), as supplemented
by six principles discussed in (1) -- (6), as well as
whatever further principles (two and counting) the agency
chooses to devise under (7). See Part I -- B -- 1, supra.
Many of these factors and principles address competing
goods, and any effort to weigh them all can yield no more
728 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

certainty than asking " `whether a particular line is longer
than a particular rock is heavy.' " National Pork Producers
Council v. Ross, (2023) (plurality opinion).
Recognizing as much, the FCC acknowledges that it falls to
the agency to decide how best to proceed (and therefore how
much to tax) when the statute's abundance of factors and
principles "confict." Brief for Federal Petitioners 31 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). In no way can this "preface
of generalities as to permissible aims" be fairly compared to
a frm cap. Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at 537.
Experience proves the point. In 1996, recall, the hot de-
bate was whether to subsidize "touch-tone service." 61 Fed.
Reg. 10503. But in 2011, the FCC steered the Universal
Service Fund away from simply making basic telephone
service available and toward expanding access to "broad-
band, both fxed and mobile." 26 FCC Rcd., at 17670. By
2019, the FCC's Connect America Fund was spending nearly
Page Proof Pending Publication
$5 billion annually on high-speed internet services for rural
or remote "areas that are costly to serve." GAO, A. Von
Ah, Telecommunications, FCC Should Enhance Performance
Goals and Measures for Its Program To Support Broadband
Service in High-Cost Areas 1 (GAO -- 21 -- 24, Oct. 2020). And
why stop there? Nothing, it seems, would prevent the FCC
from choosing to tax and spend to provide a mobile satellite
internet device (like Starlink) to everyone who owns a busi-
ness, home, or hunting cabin in rural America. Cf. In re
Application for Review of Starlink Servs., LLC, 38 FCC
Rcd. 12201, 12205 -- 12206 (2023) (revoking a previous $885
million award to Starlink).
Searching for some way (any way) to support the notion that
(1) contains a "qualitative" cap on how much the FCC
can tax and spend, the Court eventually resorts to rewriting
the statute. Now, it says, the FCC can fund a service only if
it meets all of subsection (c)(1)'s four factors. Ante, at 684 -- 
685, 688 -- 689. So, the Court stresses, subsection (c)(1)(B)
asks whether a particular service "has `been subscribed to
 Cite as: (2025) 729

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

by a substantial majority of residential customers.' " Ante, at
684. As a result, the Court reasons, the FCC cannot fund any
service unless most Americans already have it. Ibid. Like-
wise, the Court asserts, 's instruction that the FCC
"shall base" its funding decisions on the principles discussed
there means that the FCC "must" satisfy all of those principles
before funding any program. See ante, at 684 -- 685, 687 -- 688.
It's a nice theory. But it bears no resemblance to the law
Congress adopted. By its terms, (1) requires the
FCC only to "consider the extent to which" each factor ap-
plies. The statute nowhere says each (or any) of those crite-
ria "has to be met" before the agency can fund a particular
service. Ante, at 688. In fact, the FCC has long and con-
sistently understood the statute to mean the opposite: "[A]ll
four criteria enumerated in section 254(c)(1) must be consid-
ered, but not each necessarily met." 12 FCC Rcd., at 8809.11
Page Proof Pending Publication
The same goes for subsection (b). It says that the FCC
"shall base" funding decisions on various "principles." But
each of those principles is framed as a "should," not a "must."
So, for example, subsection (b)(1) provides that the FCC
"should" make "[q]uality services... available at... afford-
able rates." And subsection (b)(2) says that the FCC
"should" ensure "[a]ccess to advanced... services" is "pro-
vided in all regions of the Nation." In this context, "[t]he
term `should' indicates a recommended course of action, but
does not itself imply the obligation associated with `shall.' "
Qwest Corp., 258 F. 3d, at 1200. Refecting that understand-

11
That statement refects the FCC's consistent reading of the statute
over nearly two decades. See, e. g., FCC, Public Notice, Rural Digital
Opportunity Fund Phase I Auction, 35 FCC Rcd. 6077, 6121, and 
(2020); In re Uniendo a Puerto Rico Fund and Connect USVI Fund, 34
FCC Rcd. 9109, 9184 -- 9185, and (2019); In re Connect America
Fund, 32 FCC Rcd. 1624, 1631 (2017); In re Requests for Waiver of Deci-
sions, 31 FCC Rcd. 7731, 7734, (2016); In re Federal-State Joint Bd.
on Universal Serv., 18 FCC Rcd. 15090, 15091 (2003).
730 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

ing, the FCC has long read as requiring it to consult
all of that provision's various principles, but not as "impos-
[ing] infexible requirements" on universal-service programs.
Connect America Fund Phase II Auction, 33 FCC Rcd.
1428, 1468, (2018). Instead, each provision supplies
" `only a principle, not a statutory command,' " which the
agency may " `ignore' " in service of other principles found
in the statute. Rural Digital Opportunity Fund Phase I
Auction, 35 FCC Rcd. 6077, 6119, (2020) ); see also In re Lifeline & Link Up Reform &
Modernization, 27 FCC Rcd. 6656, 6759, (2012); Rural
Cellular Assn. v. FCC, 588 F. 3d 1095, 1103 (CADC 2009).12
In its zeal to save subsection (c)(1) programs (why else
ignore what the statute actually says?), the Court throws all
that aside and seizes the drafting pen. So the meaning of
"universal service" evolves once more. Only now, it is the

Page
12
The CourtProof Pending
suggests that, Publication
at oral argument, the government endorsed
its novel reading of subsections (b) and (c). Ante, at 688 -- 689. But what
does that prove? Courts must exercise independent judgment when in-
terpreting the law. Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, (2024). Traditionally, too, this Court has accorded special respect not
to advocacy from the podium, but to a coordinate branch's "consistent"
and "contemporaneous construction" of a law. See id., at 386; id., at 430
(Gorsuch, J., concurring). And here, the FCC's historic understanding
of is the only one the statute's language tolerates. Notably, too, the
government's arguments before us ran both ways. See, e. g., Reply Brief
for Federal Petitioners 11 ("The word `should' [in ] allows the FCC
to balance the principles against one another when they confict" ); id., at 12 ("The FCC [has] argued that it need
not implement a particular principle in light of other valid statutory objec-
tives.... That comports with the government's position here" (emphasis
deleted; alteration and internal quotation marks omitted)). Nor can I dis-
cern any sensible reason why we should prefer one strand of the govern-
ment's present (inconsistent) submissions over the FCC's longstanding
(consistent) views that honor the statute's actual terms. "[W]hen the
government (or any litigant) speaks out of both sides of its mouth, no one
should be surprised if its latest utterance isn't the most convincing one."
Bittner v. United States, -- 98, (2023).
 Cite as: (2025) 731

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Court's creation through and through. And if that were not
bad enough, the Court's late-night rewrite hardly helps its
cause. Even as revised, the statute still falls well short of
imposing anything like a numerical cap on how much the
FCC can tax and spend. Suppose tomorrow the agency de-
cides to ensure "every American [has] a cell phone and a cell
phone plan." Tr. of Oral Arg. 62 -- 63. Could anyone com-
plain that "a substantial majority of residential customers"
do not use cell phones? (1)(B). I doubt it.
Not only does the Court's new statute fail to deliver on its
only assignment, it promises to backfre, too. Rather than
preserve the status quo, as the Court so clearly desires, its
revisions threaten to render existing programs illegal -- all
while leaving the FCC (and program benefciaries) guessing
about the implications for future initiatives. Take an exam-
ple. Back in 2017, the FCC launched a multibillion-dollar
effort to promote "broadband service in unserved high-cost

Page Proof Pending Publication
areas." In re Connect America Fund, 32 FCC Rcd. 1624
(2017). Among other things, the program subsidizes certain
high-speed services that, the FCC has acknowledged, are not
yet embraced by "a substantial majority of residential cus-
tomers." Id., at 1631.
If we had simply confessed the obvious -- that this statute is
unconstitutional -- Congress could have responded easily
with the simple addition of a rate or, perhaps, a cap. But
now? Now, the FCC can fund a program only if it satisfes
all subsection (b) principles and all subsection (c) factors -- a
novel requirement that calls existing programs into question
and promises profound implications for future ones as well.
Far from avoiding any short-term disruption, the Court's
new statute promises plenty of chaos of its own.13

13
By interpreting "shall consider the extent to which," (1), to
mean "shall ensure that," the Court threatens chaos well beyond universal
service, too. "As a general rule," courts have long thought that "when a
statute requires an agency to `consider' a factor, the agency must reach
an express and considered conclusion about the bearing of the factor, but
732 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

B
So much for the Court's renovation of (1). Now
consider the two provisions the Court cannot bring itself to
defend. Sections 254(c)(3) and (h)(2), recall, permit the FCC
to fund "additional" and "advanced" services for "schools, li-
braries, and health care providers." See Part I -- B -- 1, supra.
Even the Court is unwilling to say that these provisions im-
pose a "qualitative" cap -- and understandably so. When it
comes to deciding what programs to fund under (3)
and (2), the FCC is unconstrained by any of the sub-
section (c)(1) factors the Court rewrites and leans on so heav-
ily today. See In re Federal-State Joint Bd. on Universal
Serv., 12 FCC Rcd., at 9008 -- 9011; Tr. of Oral Arg. 42, 47.
Subsection (c)(3) makes that explicit: The FCC may desig-
nate services for support under that provision "[i]n addition
to the services included in the defnition of universal service
under paragraph (1)."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Here, too, experience illustrates just how uncapped the
FCC's (3) and (2) programs really are. For
some years, the FCC has relied on those provisions to fund
internet access at schools and libraries. 89 Fed. Reg. 67304 -- 
67305 (2024). But, in 2024, the FCC announced that it would
also begin funding "Wi-Fi hotspots and services to be used
off-premises by students, school staff, and library patrons."
Id., at 67304, 67318. As far as the FCC sees it, subsections
(c)(3) and (h)(2) might allow it to collect enough taxes to sup-
need not give any specifc weight" to it. Central Vermont R., Inc. v. ICC,
711 F. 2d 331, 336 (CADC 1983) (internal quotation marks and alteration
omitted); see Covad Communications Co. v. FCC, 450 F. 3d 528, 539
(CADC 2006) ("[W]hen the [FCC] is obligated to consider certain factors,
that means only that the FCC must reach an express and considered con-
clusion about the bearing of a factor, but is not required to give any spe-
cifc weight to it" (internal quotation marks and alteration omitted)).
Does all that case law now get thrown out the window? Has the Court
transformed every instruction to "consider" some criterion into a mandate
the agency must satisfy? What a gift to regulated industries, or at least
to their lawyers.
 Cite as: (2025) 733

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

ply take-home hotspots to anyone with a library card. See
Tr. of Oral Arg. 43 -- 44. Or maybe even take-home Starlink
devices for library patrons nationwide, to help shrink the
"digital divide between [Americans] with access to broad-
band at home and those without." In re Addressing the
Homework Gap Through the E-Rate Program, FCC No. 24 -- 
76, p. 12 (2024).
Rather than address the constitutionality of the FCC's
power to tax and spend for (3) and (2) pro-
grams, the Court dodges the question. Buried in a footnote
midway through its opinion, it offers this: "We have no
occasion to address any nondelegation issues raised by
Sections 254(c)(3) and (h)(2)," the Court says, because while
respondents challenged "the contribution scheme generally,"
they did not name those provisions "in particular." Ante, at
687,.
It is a perplexing maneuver, and I suspect the parties will

Page Proof Pending Publication
fnd it quite the surprise. Not one of them suggested cleav-
ing off portions of the statute in this way. Still, the Court's
late-breaking move is, in one sense, to its credit. Though it
is unwilling to say aloud that any part of fails the intel-
ligible principle test, neither can the Court bring itself to
bless such a lavish delegation of taxing authority. As a re-
sult, respondents remain free on remand, or in a future pro-
ceeding, to renew their attack on the constitutionality of
whatever contributions the FCC demands for its subsection
(c)(3) and (h)(2) programs. And that in itself is a notable
development: Today marks the frst time in a long time that
the Court has confronted a statutory delegation and found
no way to save it.
IV
Return, now, to the portion of the Court is willing to
defend -- the programs the FCC supports pursuant to subsec-
tion (c)(1). No one disputes that part of the statute lacks a
tax rate or a numerical cap. And rewritten or not, that pro-
vision lacks anything approaching a "qualitative" cap as well.
734 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Faced with these diffculties, in the end petitioners and the
Court resort to changing the conversation. Now, they say,
look to other felds. The Court has allowed agencies "to
raise revenue" through fees "without specifying a numeric
cap or... rate." Ante, at 675. The Court has allowed
agencies to set " `just and reasonable' rates" and to regulate
in the " `public interest.' " Ante, at 683 -- 684. And, petition-
ers and the Court reason, if those delegations are permissi-
ble, this one must be, too. Ibid.; Brief for Federal Petition-
ers 11. Failing all else, petitioners and the Court add that
they see no practical value in requiring Congress to speak
more clearly about the scope of permissible universal-service
taxes. Ante, at 679 -- 680; Tr. of Oral Arg. 8 -- 9.
But the Court's comparisons disregard its own insight that
context matters in applying the intelligible principle test.
Ante, at 673, 684. Nor, in my view, is it any answer to say
that legislation supplying a rate or real cap might still leave

Page Proof Pending Publication
the FCC with some measure of discretion. Though the Con-
stitution does not require Congress to make every decision,
there are some choices that belong to Congress alone -- 
including setting a tax's rate or, at least, capping receipts.

A
Start with the Court's assertion that "Congress has often
enacted statutes empowering agencies to raise revenue with-
out specifying a numeric cap or tax rate." Ante, at 675. To
sustain that point, the Court relies on a list of nine examples
offered by the government. Ibid.. The private petitioners highlight
the same provisions, which, it seems, provide "the best prec-
edents" for. Tr. of Oral Arg. 82 -- 84; see id., at 8, 31,
37 -- 38.
Those provisions all have something in common: Each de-
scribes a fee. And that makes them poor benchmarks for a
tax delegation. Fees, by defnition, are payments made in
"compensation for a service provided to, or alternatively
 Cite as: (2025) 735

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

compensation for a cost imposed by, the person charged the
fee." Mueller v. Raemisch, 740 F. 3d 1128, 1133 (CA7 2014);
accord, Pace v. Burgess, -- 376 (1876). For
that reason, fees carry a built-in intelligible principle: The
government cannot collect more money than it needs to off-
set a real-world cost or beneft. See National Cable Televi-
sion Assn., 415 U. S., at 341 -- 342.
Consider one of the government's examples, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). See ante, at 678.
The FDIC fnances its Deposit Insurance Fund through "[i]n-
surance fees" paid by FDIC-insured banks. 12 U. S. C.. By statute, the fee each bank pays must be
"keyed to the risk of the bank's insolvency." M. Ricks,
Money as Infrastructure, 2018 Colum. Bus. L. Rev. 757, 803
). In other words, the fees offset a cost the
banks impose on the FDIC -- namely, their risk of failure,
which the FDIC's insurance must underwrite. That need
Page Proof Pending Publication
to compensate for a particular cost provides an intelligible
principle cabining the FDIC's discretion and limiting the fees
it can charge to what the agency needs to cover insurance
payouts. See id., at 803 -- 804.
A similar principle explains the fee-setting authority of
federal courts. See Reply Brief for Federal Petitioners 8.
By statute, courts of appeals may charge "fees" in amounts
"prescribed from time to time by the Judicial Conference of
the United States." 28 U. S. C.. As the Judicial Con-
ference has recognized, that provision authorizes courts to
"charg[e] for services provided," such as docketing an appeal
or admitting an attorney to practice. Report of the Pro-
ceedings of the Judicial Conference of the United States 12,
14 (Sept. 16, 2008). So here, too, fee levels refect a cost
imposed or a beneft received by the payor.
Take one more example from the government's brief. See
Reply Brief for Federal Petitioners 8 -- 9. Congress has au-
thorized the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service to
charge fees "suffcient" "to cover the cost of providing ag-
736 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

ricultural... inspection" for certain "commercial aircraft."
21 U. S. C. (1)(A). That provision might sound
broad because it lacks a numerical limit. In context, though,
it leaves little for the agency to do except arithmetic: To set
the fee, it "divid[es] the total costs of inspecting Commercial
Aircraft by the total number of Commercial Aircraft." Air
Transp. Assn. of Am., Inc. v. United States Dept. of Agricul-
ture, 37 F. 4th 667, 675 (CADC 2022).14
Petitioners and the Court would set all that to the side.
In their telling, this Court's decision in Skinner "rendered
irrelevant" the question whether a particular exaction in-
volves a tax or a fee. Ante, at 677.
Not so. Skinner, to be sure, indicated that the intelligible
principle test applies to tax delegations. Id., at 223. And
under that test, Skinner presented an easy case. The stat-
ute at issue there told the government (numerically) how
much money it could raise. Id., at 219 -- 220 ("the ceiling on
Page Proof Pending Publication
aggregate fees... is set at 105 percent of the aggregate
appropriations made by Congress for that fscal year"). In
light of that and other instructions, the Court held, the stat-
ute provided an intelligible principle regardless of whether
it imposed a tax or a fee. Id., at 220 -- 223. That is all the

14
The Court discusses two other examples from "the sphere of fnancial
regulation." Ante, at 675. Both follow a by-now familiar pattern. Con-
gress has authorized the Offce of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
to fund its operations by "collect[ing] an assessment, fee, or other charge"
from the banks it supervises. 12 U. S. C.. While these fees are not
assessed in exchange for specifc transactions, they offset the costs the
OCC incurs in fulflling its statutory mandate to supervise, regulate, and
charter national banks. See, 21, 24. Funding for the Federal Re-
serve Board refects a similar dynamic. The Board may levy upon Fed-
eral Reserve Banks "an assessment suffcient to pay its estimated ex-
penses... for the half year succeeding the levying of such assessment.". Again, such fees offset the Federal Reserve Board's regulatory
costs. Cf. Trump v. Wilcox, 605 U. S. -- -- -- , -- -- -- (2025) (noting the histori-
cally exceptional structure of the Federal Reserve).
 Cite as: (2025) 737

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

decision held. It certainly did not invite courts to ignore
relevant context or disregard the basic distinction between
fees (which incorporate an intelligible principle by nature)
and taxes (which do not).15
Perhaps sensing as much, the Court ultimately retreats
from precedent into pragmatism. Trying to distinguish
taxes from fees, it contends, would risk plunging the Court
into "a morass." Ante, at 677. But the job is hardly some
feat ft for Hercules alone. Courts must, and do, routinely
distinguish between taxes and fees in many contexts. See,
e. g., United States v. United States Shoe Corp., -- 370 (1998) (distinguishing between fees and taxes for
purposes of the Export Clause, U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 5).
Besides, any morass here is of the Court's own making.
In its view, the tax/fee distinction depends on whether the
15
The Court charges me with downplaying J. W. Hampton. Ante, at

Page Proof Pending Publication
675,. But I do not see how casting a spotlight on that decision im-
proves the picture for the Court. To start, J. W. Hampton involved a
tariff, which arguably raises distinct nondelegation questions from domes-
tic taxes. See J. W. Hampton, Jr., & Co. v. United States, (1928);, infra. Even setting that complication aside, the statute
in question imposed a tariff on barium dioxide at four cents per pound -- 
and thus employed a straightforward tax rate. 42 Stat. 860. After set-
ting the rate, Congress then authorized the President to adjust it by up
to 50%, as needed to " `equalize... differences in costs of production' "
between the United States and " `competing foreign countries.' " J. W.
Hampton, 276 U. S., at 401. In other words, the
statutory rate could move only within numerically defned bounds and
only if the President found specifc facts. That is what suffced to provide
an "intelligible principle" when the Court frst used the phrase. And no-
body could compare that arrangement to 's open-ended tax-and-spend
scheme. See Gundy v. United States, -- 159 (2019) (Gor-
such, J., dissenting) (observing the traditional rule that Congress may
make the effect of statutes conditional on facts found by the Executive).
If lining this case up against J. W. Hampton proves anything, it is only
that the phrase "intelligible principle" has taken on an entirely different
meaning than it once held. See Gundy, 588 U. S., at 163 -- 166 (Gorsuch,
J., dissenting).
738 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

charge "is for a `beneft' granted to the payor that is `not
shared by other members of society.' " Ante, at 678. But
that formulation is not the usual one. In defning fees, the
typical question is whether the fee compensates for a beneft
or cost that sets the payor apart. See, e. g., United States
v. Sperry Corp., -- 61 (1989); Massachusetts v.
United States, -- 463, and (1978); Pace,
92 U. S., at 375 -- 376; Mueller, 740 F. 3d, at 1133; Hines &
Logue 257, ; GAO, S. Irving, Federal User Fees: A
Design Guide 4, (GAO -- 08 -- 386SP, May 2008); 1 Cooley &
Nichols 97 -- 98, 109 -- 110.16 Think back to the FDIC. The
public undoubtedly benefts from the fees banks pay for de-
posit insurance; we all enjoy a safer banking system. But
banks impose a cost on the FDIC (their risk of failure) that
distinguishes them from the general public. Insurance fees
compensate for that special cost. That is why they are fees,

Page Proof Pending Publication
not taxes.
Once we understand fees correctly, the category plainly
includes all the government's examples and excludes 
contributions. When carriers pay into the Universal Serv-
ice Fund, they do not gain any special beneft, such as per-
mission "to practice law or medicine or construct a house or
run a broadcast station." National Cable Television Assn.,
415 U. S., at 340. (A different provision, 47 U. S. C., au-
thorizes "application fees.") Nor do contributions off-
set some regulatory cost that carriers impose on the FCC or
on society. (That falls to "regulatory fees" the FCC collects
under.) Instead, takes money from some (carri-
ers) and gives it to others (libraries, schools, and the like).
See In re Incomnet, Inc., 463 F. 3d 1064, 1066 -- 1067 (CA9
2006). In short: Section 254 creates a classic tax-and-spend
16
In National Cable Television Assn., the Court focused only on the
benefts side of the formulation because that suffced to make sense of the
statute before it. See 415 U. S., at 342 -- 343 ("The phrase `value to the
recipient' is, we believe, the measure of the authorized fee").
 Cite as: (2025) 739

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

scheme, not a fee. Even the FCC does not dispute the point.
Tr. of Oral Arg. 53; see Part II -- A, supra.17

B
Beyond fees, petitioners and the Court offer a second rea-
son to ignore the fact that (1) programs can be funded
through taxes without a rate or fxed cap. After all, they
observe, this Court has rejected nondelegation attacks on
"authorizations to regulate in the `public interest' and to set
`just and reasonable' rates." Ante, at 684, and FPC v. Hope Natural Gas Co., 
(1944)). And, set next to those vague standards, petitioners
and the Court suggest, offers "clear and limiting" guid-
ance. Ante, at 691.
This argument neglects the Court's own admonition that
the intelligible principle test is context dependent. See
Page Proof Pending Publication
ante, at 673, 684. It begins by asking "what instructions"
the statute in question provides to constrain an agency's dis-
cretion. Gundy, 588 U. S., at 136 (plurality opinion). An-
swering that question is a matter of statutory interpretation.
Ibid. And "[i]t is a fundamental canon of statutory con-
struction that the words of a statute must be read in their
context," West Virginia v. EPA, (2022)
17
The Court never denies that universal-service "contributions" are
taxes, but suggests in a footnote that they are not so different from FDIC
fees because carriers enjoy a "special beneft" from them. See ante, at
679,. I do not see it. The FDIC program is an insurance plan that
charges fees (premiums) in return for a service (payouts in the event of
default). Universal-service contributions are nothing like that. To be
sure, the FCC pays some carriers -- and other vendors -- to help it imple-
ment universal-service programs. But those are payments for services
rendered, not a "special beneft" given in proportion to a fee payment, as
with a broadcast license or FDIC insurance. Often, in fact, carriers that
"contribute large sums" to the Universal Service Fund receive few
universal-service payments, while those that "contribute little" end up re-
ceiving large ones. App. 98.
740 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting, because language used
in one setting may carry a meaning it does not have in oth-
ers, see Yates v. United States, (2015) (plu-
rality opinion). So even if a particular statutory term
evokes "well-known and generally acceptable standards" in
one domain, that does not mean the same term will necessar-
ily supply similar guidance when used in other "uncharted
felds." Fahey v. Mallonee, (1947); see
also Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at 534 (new context may
give terms "a much broader range and a new signifcance").
This Court has recognized this point many times, including
when it comes to phrases like "public interest." So, for ex-
ample, the Court has held that phrase may contain enough
"concrete" meaning to survive the intelligible principle test
in the "context" of broadcast licensing, where the govern-
ment has to allocate a limited spectrum of publicly owned
airwaves. National Broadcasting Co., 319 U. S., at 216, 226

Page Proof Pending Publication
; see M. McConnell, The
President Who Would Not Be King 334 (2020) (McConnell).
But, the Court has also found, the same "public interest"
criterion offers inadequate guidance to the FCC when it
comes to raising revenue. National Cable Television Assn.,
415 U. S., at 341.
The same goes for the phrase " `just and reasonable.' "
Ante, at 684. This Court has sometimes found that phrase
satisfes the intelligible principle test when it comes to set-
ting rates for regulated monopolies like public utilities -- a
context where it incorporates "concepts with a long history
at common law." H. Friendly, The Federal Administrative
Agencies: The Need for Better Defnition of Standards, 75
Harv. L. Rev. 863, 873, (1962); see, e. g., ICC v. Cincin-
nati, N. O. & T. P. R. Co., (1897).18 Accord-
18
As a rule, the "just and reasonable" standard requires agencies to
balance "the investor and the consumer interests," FPC v. Hope Natural
Gas Co., (1944), in order to approximate the "bounds
that would be drawn by market forces in a non-monopolistic market," Jer-
 Cite as: (2025) 741

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

ingly, in that sphere, the "traditional regulatory notion of
the `just and reasonable' rate" may mean something. Veri-
zon, 535 U. S., at 481. But outside that sphere, the same
phrase may amount to little more than an instruction to go
forth and do good. See Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at 539 -- 
540; G. Lawson, Delegation and Original Meaning, 88 Va.
L. Rev. 327, 386 (2002).
Here's the point: Just because a phrase carries a well-
understood historic meaning in one context does not mean
the same phrase " `in the abstract' " will suffce in every other
setting to satisfy the intelligible principle test. Reply Brief
for Federal Petitioners 3. So the fact that petitioners and
the Court can point to past decisions approving the use of a
broad phrase in a different domain proves nothing. Instead,
it falls to petitioners and the Court to show that the statu-
tory terms presently before us, properly understood in their
particular context, do in fact provide signifcant constraints
Page Proof Pending Publication
on the FCC as it exercises a signifcant power.
That is a burden petitioners and the Court have not car-
ried and cannot carry. When (1) speaks of "universal
service," it does not invoke " `concepts with a long history at
common law.' " Supra, at 740. To the contrary, everyone
agrees that "ripped apart" the old understanding of
"universal service" and cleared the ground for a new one.
Huber.10; see Part I -- A, supra; Brief for Federal Petition-
ers 3; Brief for Petitioner SHLB Coalition et al. 3. Worse,
even if one term or another in (1) or (1) -- (7)
might claim some meaning-giving ancestry, the statute's mix
of four factors and six (or more) principles lacks any such
pedigree. Whether those factors and principles need only
be considered, as the statute says, or whether they must al-
ways be met, as the Court now suggests, the FCC truly must
blaze its own trail.

sey Central Power & Light Co. v. FERC, 810 F. 2d 1168, 1190 (CADC
1987) (Starr, J., concurring).
742 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Notice, too, where trails like this lead. If context could
be cast aside, and a phrase like "just and reasonable" might
suffce in every season, nothing would stop Congress from
granting agencies limitless legislative power. Congress
might delegate to the Secretary of Education the authority
to set a "just and reasonable" tax on university endowments
in order to fund universal education -- defned, of course, ac-
cording to four factors and six (or more) incommensurable
principles. Congress might instruct the Secretary of Health
and Human Services to impose a "just and reasonable" tax on
pharmaceutical sales in order to subsidize "universal health
coverage," defned as an "evolving level" of care that should
be available "at just, reasonable, and affordable rates" to pa-
tients "in all regions of the Nation." Or Congress might let
the Treasury Department set whatever "just and reason-
able" income tax rates were needed to trim the national debt
to a level "consistent with the public interest, convenience,
Page Proof Pending Publication
and necessity." If these possibilities strike you as unhinged,
it is because you appreciate that the permissible scope of
delegation must depend on context and the nature and scope
of the power conferred.19

19
The Court declines to defend two other arguments petitioners ad-
vance. First, petitioners point to a tax enacted in 1798 as an early in-
stance of broad tax delegation. Brief for Federal Petitioners 23; Brief for
Petitioner Competitive Carriers Association et al. 27 -- 28. But the 1798
tax was a direct tax, and it included an explicit numerical cap on total
receipts ($2 million), apportioned by State. 1 Stat. 597 -- 598; see also Part
II -- A;, supra. So it provides no precedent for. Second, peti-
tioners point to statutes "granting the President broad authority to set
or change tariffs." Brief for Federal Petitioners 36; see Reply Brief for
Petitioner Competitive Carriers Association et al. 10 -- 11. But it may be,
as the Court's failure to invoke this argument suggests, that tariffs and
domestic taxes present different contexts when it comes to the problem of
delegation. Cf. Department of Transportation v. Association of Ameri-
can Railroads, (2015) (Thomas, J., concurring in judg-
ment); Gundy, 588 U. S., at 159 -- 160 (Gorsuch, J., dissenting).
 Cite as: (2025) 743

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

C
Running out of precedents to work with, the Court sug-
gests, fnally, that it would be "absurd" to ask Congress to
provide more guidance than it has. Ante, at 679. The ar-
gument runs this way. Respondents suggest, and I agree,
that Congress could readily cure 's nondelegation prob-
lem. All it needs to do is set a tax rate or (perhaps) specify
a numerical cap or its equivalent. The Court does not dis-
pute that a legislatively defned tax rate would amount to
meaningful guidance. But, the Court contends, some hypo-
thetical caps could be pointless. What if Congress capped
receipts at $5 trillion? Ante, at 680. To suggest that such
a law would provide an "intelligible principle," while insist-
ing that and (c)(1) do not, strikes the Court as mind-
less formalism. Ibid.
Up to a point, I agree. It may well be that a rate is usu-
ally required to give a domestic tax law an intelligible princi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ple outside the context of direct taxes. See Part II -- A,
supra. Imagine, for instance, that Congress told the IRS to
collect $50 trillion of income tax from the American people
and left it at that. Few, I suspect, would suggest that in-
struction supplies suffcient guidance. But even assuming
that a cap alone might be permissible when it comes to,
the Court too readily dismisses its constitutional value.
Forcing Congress to supply some cap, any cap, would ad-
vance the nondelegation doctrine's purpose of ensuring "that
the lines of accountability [remain] clear." Gundy, 588 U. S.,
at 155 (Gorsuch, J., dissenting). If Congress adopted the
Court's ludicrously hypothetical $5 trillion universal-service
tax, the American people would at least know whom to thank
when the corresponding charges showed up on their phone
bills. Even if the FCC chose to collect only a fraction of that
amount, every Member of Congress would have to explain to
his constituents where he stood on a potential $5 trillion tax.
Far more realistically, of course, Congress would never con-
744 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

template such a silly law, precisely to avoid those awkward
conversations (and the electoral consequences that could
follow).
And that's exactly the point. The framers divided power
among legislative, executive, and judicial branches not out of
a desire for formal tidiness, but to ensure ours would indeed
be a Nation ruled by "We the People." See id., at 152. By
vesting executive power in a single President, the framers
hoped to ensure vigorous enforcement of the laws. See
United States v. Arthrex, Inc., (2021) (Gor-
such, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part). And by
vesting judicial power in life-tenured judges, they hoped to
ensure laws would be applied fairly by those insulated from
political pressure. See SEC v. Jarkesy, -- 
148 (2024) (Gorsuch, J., concurring). But, as the framers
saw it, the power to make the laws that govern our society
belongs to elected representatives more accountable to the
Page Proof Pending Publication
people in whose name they act. See Gundy, 588 U. S., at
154 -- 157 (Gorsuch, J., dissenting). And nowhere did the
framers see that principle as applying with greater force
than in the feld of taxation. See Part II -- A, supra.
In so many other arenas, this Court vigorously polices the
Constitution's allocation of power. We have refused to tol-
erate congressional intrusions on powers reserved to the
President. See Gundy, 588 U. S., at 168 (Gorsuch, J., dis-
senting). We have prohibited the Executive from encroach-
ing on power vested in Congress. Ibid. We have found un-
constitutional, too, legislation seeking to confer judicial
power on the other branches. Ibid.
Yet there is one exception. When Congress has willingly
surrendered its power to the Executive Branch, this Court's
responses can only be described as feeble. Always, to be
sure, the Court dutifully recites the creed that "[l]egislative
power... belongs to the legislative branch, and to no other."
Ante, at 672. Too often, though, these professions amount (at
most) to faith without works, and the results are not hard to
 Cite as: (2025) 745

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

see. Today, the "vast majority" of the rules that govern our
society are not made by Congress, but by Presidents or agen-
cies they struggle to superintend. J. Adler & C. Walker,
Delegation and Time, 105 Iowa L. Rev. 1931, 1975 (2020).
Those rules refect not the public deliberations of elected
representatives, but the concerns of small cadres of elites.
And as those cadres turn over from administration to admin-
istration, the rules revolve, too, inficting whiplash on those
who must live under them. If there is any consistency over
time, it may be because Presidents and their deputies do not
always call the shots: Lower level offcials, unknown to the
public and sometimes even to the White House, now make
many of the rules we live by. See N. Rao, The Hedgehog &
the Fox in Administrative Law, 150 Daedalus 220, 228 -- 229
(Summer 2021).
To its credit, the Court has sometimes mitigated its failure
to police legislative delegations by deploying other tools, like
Page Proof Pending Publication
the major questions doctrine and de novo review of statutory
terms, to ensure the Executive "act[s] within the confnes set
by Congress." Ante, at 705 (Kavanaugh, J., concurring);
see Gundy, 588 U. S., at 166 -- 168 (Gorsuch, J., dissenting).
But every doctrine has its limits. What happens when Con-
gress, weary of the hard business of legislating and facing
strong incentives to pass the buck, cedes its lawmaking
power, clearly and unmistakably, to an executive that craves
it? See id., at 156. No canon of construction can bar the
way. Then, our anemic approach to legislative delegations
leaves the Court with a choice. It can permit the delegation
to stand and move us all one step further from being citizens
in a self-governing republic and one step closer to being sub-
jects of quadrennial kings and long-tenured bureaucrats.
Or the Court can, as it does today, usurp legislative power,
rewrite the statute, and dictate its own terms for Congress's
surrender. Either way, we wind up in much the same place,
only now with judges, rather than Presidents or bureaucrats,
making our laws.
746 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

There is another way. The Constitution promises that our
elected representatives in Congress, and they alone, will
make the laws that bind us. To honor that commitment, his-
torical practice and our cases suggest other guides, beyond
the intelligible principle test, for assessing when Congress
has impermissibly ceded legislative power, as I have pointed
out before. See id., at 157 -- 162. As I have observed, too,
when Chief Justice Taft frst used the phrase "intelligible
principle," he did not aim to displace those traditional guides,
only to summarize them. Id., at 162 ; see also, supra. Someday, soon, we
should fnd our way back. By employing the modern, enfee-
bled form of the intelligible principle test, we do the Consti-
tution no favors. And by approving a delegation of Con-
gress's taxing power unprecedented in this Court's history,
we risk making matters worse yet.20

Page Proof
feature of Pending Publication
20
Justice Kavanaugh submits that delegations to the President "have
been a regular American Government" since the founding.
Ante, at 699 (concurring opinion). But in drawing conclusions from those
precedents, precision matters. Like the modern intelligible principle test,
traditional nondelegation doctrine paid close attention to the kind of power
at stake. For instance, delegations posed fewer problems in the feld of
foreign affairs, where many "powers are constitutionally vested in the
president under Article II." Gundy, 588 U. S., at 159 (Gorsuch, J., dis-
senting); see ante, at 706 (Kavanaugh, J., concurring). More generally,
while Congress could not delegate "powers which are strictly and exclu-
sively legislative," Wayman v. Southard, 10 Wheat. 1, 42 -- 43 (1825), it
could assign other branches "certain non-legislative responsibilities," par-
ticularly powers historically within the Executive's prerogative. Gundy,
588 U. S., at 159 (Gorsuch, J., dissenting); see McConnell 328 -- 335. So,
for instance, Congress could give the President broad "authority to lay
embargoes" during a congressional recess. Ante, at 700, (Kava-
naugh, J., concurring) ; see McConnell
99. Likewise, Congress could grant the President broad discretion over
"military pensions," "patents," and "post roads" -- for none of those things
implicated traditionally legislative functions. Ante, at 699 -- 700, (Kava-
naugh, J., concurring); see McConnell 154, 331 -- 333. And even within the
heartland of legislative power, Congress could authorize the executive to
fnd facts and " `fll up the details' " of whatever policies Congress had
 Cite as: (2025) 747

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Still, there is room for some optimism. The Court today
cannot bring itself to say that (3) and (h)(2) survive
even its milquetoast version of the intelligible principle test.
The Court also refuses to sustain (1) as enacted, feel-
ing obliged instead to rewrite that provision before uphold-
ing it. I can imagine worse outcomes than those small steps
toward home. But we can and should do better. When it
comes to other aspects of the separation of powers, we have
found manageable ways to honor the Constitution's design.
This one requires no less of us.
Respectfully, I dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication

set. See Gundy, 588 U. S., at 157 -- 159 (Gorsuch, J., dissenting); cf. G.
Lawson, A Private-Law Framework for Subdelegation, in The Administra-
tive State Before the Supreme Court: Perspectives on the Nondelegation
Doctrine 123 (P. Wallison & J. Yoo eds. 2022). So, historically, Congress
could empower the executive and judicial branches to do quite a lot -- 
except make the laws that govern us.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of

Page Proof Pending Publication
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

JUSTICE KAGAN delivered the opinion of the Court.
In Brigham City v. Stuart, (2006), this
Court held that police officers may enter a home without a
warrant if they have an "objectively reasonable basis for be-
lieving" that someone inside needs emergency assistance.
The question presented is whether that standard means
that officers must have "probable cause" for the intrusion,
as they typically would when investigating a crime. We
hold it does not. The probable-cause requirement is rooted
in, and derives its meaning from, the criminal context, and
we decline to transplant it to this different one. Brigham
City's reasonableness standard means just what it says,
with no further gloss. And here it was satisfied because the
police had "an objectively reasonable basis for believing"
that a homeowner intended to take his own life and, indeed,
may already have shot himself.
I
This case began with an alarming phone call -- from peti-
tioner William Case to his ex-girlfriend J. H., both residents
of a small town in Montana. Case told J. H. on the call that
"he was going to kill himself." App. 67 (testimony of J. H.).
Because Case sounded "erratic," J. H. assumed he had been
2 CASE v. MONTANA

Opinion of the Court

drinking. Ibid. She tried to talk Case out of committing
suicide, but "couldn't reel him back": With each passing mo-
ment, Case "became more methodical about what he was
going to do." Id., at 68. Case said that he was "going to get
a note" -- presumably meaning a suicide note, for J. H. or
others to find. Ibid. And then J. H. heard a "clicking"
sound, like the "cock[ing of] a gun." Ibid. J. H. told Case
she was going to call the police, but that seemed only to an-
tagonize him: Case replied "he would shoot them all too."
Id., at 69. Finally, J. H. heard "a pop" followed by "noth-
ing" -- "just dead air." Ibid. She "yelled [Case's] name a few
times," but got no response, leading her to think he had
"pulled the trigger." Ibid. So she called 9 -- 1 -- 1 to report the
incident and drove as fast as she could to Case's home.
Three police officers, dispatched to do "a welfare check on
a suicidal male," met J. H. outside the house. Id., at 104
(testimony of officer). They decided the situation was "very
serious," based both on what J. H. told them about the call
and on what they already knew about Case. Id., at 75, 157.
The officers were aware that Case had a history of alcohol
abuse and mental-health issues; that he had previously
threatened suicide at the school where he worked; and that
he had once seemed to attempt "suicide-by-cop," by con-
fronting the police in a way that was likely to provoke a le-
thal response. So the three officers requested that the chief
of police come to the scene. While waiting for him, they cir-
cled the house looking for signs of injury or danger. They
knocked on the doors and yelled into an open window, but
got no response. Shining their flashlights inside, they could
make out empty beer cans, an empty handgun holster, and
a notepad with writing on it, which they took to be the sui-
cide note Case had mentioned to J. H. At that point, how-
ever, they saw no sign of Case.
Once the chief came, the officers conferred and decided to
enter the house "to render emergency aid." Id., at 198. In
the best-case scenario, they hoped to "talk [Case] down" and
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

prevent any injury. Id., at 174. But given J. H.'s account,
the officers considered as well another possibility -- that
Case had already shot himself and might be "in there bleed-
ing." Id., at 85. At the same time, they worried that if Case
remained unharmed, their entry could spark a confronta-
tion. See id., at 174, 192 -- 193. So they equipped themselves
with long-barrel guns and a ballistic shield before going in.
The officers entered the house through the front door,
about 40 minutes after they first arrived. They announced
themselves loudly, and continued to call out as they walked
through the home. Case did not answer; he was hiding in
the closet of a bedroom upstairs. When one of the officers
entered that room, Case threw open the closet curtain and
appeared from behind it, holding "a black object" which
looked like a gun. Id., at 194. Fearing that he was about
to be shot, the officer fired his own rifle. The bullet hit Case
in the abdomen, and another officer rushed to administer
first aid. An ambulance was called to take Case to the near-
est hospital (where he recovered). Meanwhile, one of the
officers found a handgun in a laundry basket next to the
place where Case had stood.
The county attorney charged Case with assaulting a po-
lice officer. Case moved to suppress all evidence obtained
as a result of the home entry, arguing that the police had
violated the Fourth Amendment by coming into his house
without a warrant. The trial court denied the motion on the
ground that the police officers were responding legitimately
to an "emergency." App. to Pet. for Cert. 42a. A Montana
jury then found Case guilty of the crime charged.
On appeal, a divided Montana Supreme Court upheld the
trial court's ruling that the officers' entry was lawful. The
majority analyzed the issue under its "community care-
taker doctrine." 553 P. 3d 985, 990 (Mont. 2024). It noted
that a recent Fourth Amendment decision of this Court,
Caniglia v. Strom, (2021), had rejected a
"community caretaking rule" allowing a warrantless home
4 CASE v. MONTANA

Opinion of the Court

entry even absent a "need to render emergency assistance"
to an occupant. But the Montana court thought its commu-
nity-caretaker doctrine survived that holding because it de-
manded such an emergency. Under that doctrine, the court
explained, police could enter a home to do a "welfare check"
only when "objective, specific and articulable facts" would
lead an "experienced officer [to] suspect" that a person in-
side "is in need of help or is in peril." 553 P. 3d, at 990, 991.
And the court found that facts meeting that description ex-
isted here because of the likelihood of suicide. See id., at
994. The court rejected Case's alternative standard: that a
police officer must have "probable cause to believe" the oc-
cupant in need of emergency aid. Id., at 992. The "probable
cause" locution, the court suggested, applies only when the
police are "engaged in a criminal investigation." Ibid. The
dissenting justices, by contrast, favored the proposed prob-
able-cause rule, which they concluded the officers here did
not satisfy. See id., at 996, 998 (opinion of McKinnon, J.).
In the dissent's view, the court's different approach resem-
bled the "mere reasonable suspicion" standard applicable to
comparatively non-invasive street stops. Id., at 999. That
standard, the dissent thought, was too easily met to support
a warrantless entry into a home. See id., at 996, 999.
We granted certiorari, (2025), because
courts have differed on whether police officers entering a
home to provide emergency aid need "probable cause" to be-
lieve that an occupant is in peril.* We conclude that stand-
ard, borrowed from the criminal context, is inapt. We in-
stead hold just what we have held before: that the officers
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Compare, e.g., Estate of Chamberlain v. White Plains, 960 F. 3d 100,
105 (CA2 2020) (requiring probable cause); United States v. Cooks, 920
F. 3d 735, 742 (CA11 2019) (same); Corrigan v. District of Columbia, 841
F. 3d 1022, 1030 (CADC 2016) (same), with, e.g., Hill v. Walsh, 884 F. 3d
16, 23 (CA1 2018) (not requiring probable cause); United States v. Quar-
terman, 877 F. 3d 794, 800 (CA8 2017) (same); United States v. Gambino-
Zavala, 539 F. 3d 1221, 1225 (CA10 2008) (same).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

may enter if, but only if, they have an "objectively reasona-
ble basis for believing" that an occupant faces serious dan-
ger. Brigham City, 547 U. S., at 400.
II
The Fourth Amendment provides that "[t]he right of the
people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and ef-
fects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not
be violated." At the "very core" of that guarantee, as this
Court has often stated, "stands the right of a man to retreat
into his own home and there be free from unreasonable gov-
ernmental intrusion." Caniglia, 593 U. S., at 198 ). When the intru-
sion is into that most private place, "reasonableness" usu-
ally means having a warrant. Brigham City, 547 U. S., at
403 ("It is a basic principle of Fourth Amendment law that
searches and seizures inside a home without a warrant are
presumptively unreasonable"). "But not always: The war-
rant requirement is subject to certain exceptions." Lange v.
California, (2021). And among those is
one pertinent here, involving the need to provide an occu-
pant with emergency aid.
This Court first approved a warrantless home entry to
render emergency assistance in Brigham City. There, po-
lice officers responding to a noise complaint observed
through a kitchen window a physical altercation between
an adolescent and several adults. As they watched, the
teenager punched one of the adults in the face, "sending
[him] to the sink spitting blood." 547 U. S., at 406. The
officers immediately entered the home through a nearby
screen door and, announcing their presence, caused the
fight to cease. We unanimously approved the warrantless
entry as "reasonable under the circumstances." Ibid. And
we explained what made it so: The officers had "an objec-
tively reasonable basis for believing that an occupant [was]
6 CASE v. MONTANA

Opinion of the Court

seriously injured or imminently threatened with such in-
jury." Id., at 400.
Three years later, in Michigan v. Fisher, we reiterated
what we had said in Brigham City about the "emergency
aid exception." (2009) (per curiam). The
police in Fisher, also responding to a neighbor's report,
found a scene redolent of violence and danger. Three win-
dows were broken, with the glass strewn on the ground out-
side; blood was smeared on one of the doors, as well as on
the smashed-in hood of a pickup truck in the driveway; and,
visible through a window, a man inside the house was
"screaming and throwing things" at an unseen target. Id.,
at 48. We held that the officers' entry in those circum-
stances was "reasonable under the Fourth Amendment,"
just as it had been in Brigham City. 558 U. S., at 48. Using
the same standard articulated there, we concluded that the
officers had "an objectively reasonable basis for believing"
that an occupant of the home needed immediate aid. Id., at
47.
Finally, in Caniglia, we reaffirmed Brigham City even as
we rejected a broader "community caretaking" justification
for warrantless home entries. The police had gone to Ed-
ward Caniglia's home after his wife reported that he was
suicidal. Caniglia spoke with the officers on his front porch
and agreed to go to a hospital for psychiatric testing. Then,
once he had left, the officers went inside and took away two
handguns he owned. The lower courts approved the entry
on the ground that the officers were performing "commu-
nity caretaking functions." 593 U. S., at 196. But we de-
clined to recognize such an "open-ended license" for law en-
forcement officers to enter private homes. Id., at 199.
Citing Brigham City, we readily acknowledged that officers
may enter a home to "render emergency assistance to an
injured occupant or to protect an occupant from imminent
injury." 593 U. S., at 198. But such emergency conditions
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

were indeed necessary and, given the facts, the officers had
never tried to defend their entry on that basis.
The Montana Supreme Court's opinion strayed from the
Fourth Amendment rule that trio of decisions sets out. To
begin with, the court's use of "community caretaker" doc-
trine was ill-advised, given that Caniglia contrasted "com-
munity caretaking" with "render[ing] emergency assis-
tance" and concluded that the former cannot alone justify a
warrantless home entry. Ibid. The Montana court, to be
sure, tried to reconcile its approach with Caniglia by depict-
ing its community-caretaker rule as allowing home entries
only in emergencies. See 553 P. 3d, at 991. But using ter-
minology that this Court has held misplaced in home-entry
cases could serve only to confuse the issue. And yet more
fundamental, the emergency-aid test incorporated in Mon-
tana's caretaker doctrine is different from the one adopted
in Brigham City. As noted above, Montana's test finds a
home entry "reasonable" when an officer has "specific and
articulable facts" from which to "suspect" that someone
needs help. 553 P. 3d, at 991; see supra, at 4. That test's
language, as the dissenting justices noted, evokes the
Fourth Amendment standard applying to brief, investiga-
tive street stops: "reasonable suspicion" based on "specific
and articulable facts." United States v. Sokolow, (1989); Terry v. Ohio, (1968); 553 P. 3d,
at 999 (McKinnon, J.). But Brigham City did not adopt
Terry's reasonable-suspicion standard for home entries, as
both the State of Montana and the United States as amicus
curiae acknowledge. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 56, 68 -- 69, 80. Ra-
ther, Brigham City formulated its own standard for dealing
with household emergencies -- again, whether an officer has
"an objectively reasonable basis for believing" that an occu-
pant is seriously injured or imminently threatened with
such harm. 547 U. S., at 400.
Case, however, wants something more. He recognizes
that the Brigham City test applies here, and that it has had
8 CASE v. MONTANA

Opinion of the Court

but one formulation: In describing and applying that stand-
ard, we have never used any different terms. See Brief for
Case 24. But still, Case urges us now to understand the
Brigham City test as "sound[ing] in probable cause." Brief
for Case 15, 24. What the test really requires, Case con-
tends, is that police officers "have probable cause to believe
[an occupant is] seriously injured or imminently threatened
with such injury." Id., at 2. Case reaches that conclusion
based mainly on the Fourth Amendment's recognition of the
"sanctity of the home." Id., at 29. Given that special status,
he argues, a home entry's aid-giving, "noninvestigatory
purpose" should make no difference: The same probable-
cause principles used in deciding whether "criminal activity
[is] afoot" should apply as well in "assessing the risk and
gravity of an emergency." Reply Brief 1 -- 2, 8, 16.
We decline Case's invitation to put a new probable-cause
spin onto Brigham City. "[T]he probable-cause standard,"
this Court has often stated, "is peculiarly related to crimi-
nal investigations." Treasury Employees v. Von Raab, (1989) ). The standard's history is "rooted" in the
"criminal investigatory context." O'Connor v. Ortega, (1987) (plurality opinion); see Henry v.
United States, -- 102 (1959). And the stand-
ard has acquired meaning over time by virtue of that con-
text, as judges have assessed, in case after case, the requi-
site likelihood of finding criminal contraband or evidence.
See, e.g., Illinois v. Gates, -- 239 (1983).
The resulting body of law would fit awkwardly, if at all, in
the non-criminal, non-investigatory setting at issue here.
So Brigham City adopted a different approach. Rather than
strain to relate probable-cause decisions to emergency-aid
situations, we asked simply whether an officer had "an ob-
jectively reasonable basis for believing" that his entry was
direly needed to prevent or deal with serious harm. 547
U. S., at 400. In adhering to that question, we respect as
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

ever the "first among equals" status the Fourth Amend-
ment affords the home. Jardines, 569 U. S., at 6; see
Caniglia, 593 U. S., at 198 -- 199. And in that vein, we note
that an emergency-aid entry provides no basis to search the
premises beyond what is reasonably needed to deal with the
emergency while maintaining the officers' safety. But we
assess the reasonableness of that limited entry on its own
terms, rather than through the lens generally used to con-
sider investigative activity.
Doing so here yields a ready conclusion: The officers had,
as Brigham City requires, an "objectively reasonable basis
for believing" that their intervention was needed to prevent
serious harm. As earlier described, the officers knew first-
hand that Case suffered from mental-health and alcohol-
abuse problems, and that he had previously talked about
committing suicide. See supra, at 2. When they reached
Case's house, they learned about J. H. and Case's just-
concluded phone call -- that Case, in an apparently inebri-
ated state, threatened to kill himself, spoke of preparing a
suicide note, and quite possibly cocked or even shot a gun
before the line went dead. The concerns that call raised
were heightened by what the officers could see through the
windows -- empty beer cans, an empty holster, and a note-
pad -- as well as by Case's failure to respond to their urgent
knocking. If Case had already shot himself, he could have
been severely injured and in need of immediate medical
care. And if he had not, the risk of suicide remained acute,
given all the facts then known to the officers. It was thus
objectively reasonable for the police to believe that Case
needed emergency aid.
Case counters that only the police entry itself created a
"likely danger." Brief for Case 45. His argument turns on
the prospect of suicide-by-cop. As noted earlier, Case had
once before acted in a way seemingly designed to provoke a
lethal police response, as the officers knew. See supra, at
2. And J. H. told the officers that Case had threatened to
10 CASE v. MONTANA

Opinion of the Court

"shoot them all too" if they came to the scene. Ibid. So the
"main risk the officers objectively faced," Case posits, was
that "their very entry would induce" a shoot-out, leading to
a "suicide-by-cop." Brief for Case 18. And indeed, Case con-
tends, the officers knew that: Why else would they have
"waited roughly 40 minutes after their arrival" before en-
tering his home? Id., at 43. Case concludes that if the of-
ficers had only left well enough alone, nothing would have
happened.
But Case much oversimplifies a complex situation. The
objective reasonableness of an officer's conduct under
Brigham City, as in other Fourth Amendment contexts, is
evaluated by looking at the "totality of the circumstances."
E.g., Barnes v. Felix, (2025); Ohio v. Robi-
nette, (1996). One of those circumstances
was no doubt that Case could provoke a confrontation. As
noted earlier, that was partly why the officers called the po-
lice chief to the scene and why they carefully considered
protective measures -- leading to some delay in their entry.
See supra, at 2. But there is no basis for thinking that the
officers would have gone into Case's home just so he could
instigate a gunfight. The circumstances making their entry
reasonable, as just stated, were those suggesting that Case
may already have shot himself or would do so absent inter-
vention. The statements Case made to J. H. plus the visual
evidence corroborating them indicated that Case wanted to
end his life. The decision of the officers to enter his home
to prevent that result -- even at some significant risk to
themselves -- was (at the least) reasonable. The Fourth
Amendment did not require them, as Case now argues, to
leave him to his fate.
* * *
We repeat today what we have held before: An officer may
enter a home without a warrant if he has "an objectively
reasonable basis for believing that an occupant is seriously
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

injured or imminently threatened with such injury."
Brigham City, 547 U. S., at 400. The officers' entry satisfied
that test. Accordingly, we affirm the judgment (even
though not all the reasoning) of the Montana Supreme
Court.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 624
_________________

WILLIAM TREVOR CASE, PETITIONER v. MONTANA
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME COURT
OF MONTANA
[January 14, 2026]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion, which holds that police officers
may enter a home without a warrant if they have an " 'ob-
jectively reasonable basis for believing' " that an occupant is
seriously injured or imminently threatened with such
harm. Ante, at 5, 7, 10. Although the Montana Supreme
Court's opinion appeared, erroneously, to apply a lower
standard akin to reasonable suspicion, I agree that the of-
ficers here had an " 'objectively reasonable basis for believ-
ing' " that Case needed emergency assistance because he
may have already shot himself or was imminently going to
do so. Ante, at 7 -- 10.
I write separately to underscore the unique considera-
tions that law enforcement and courts should bear in mind
when assessing whether there is an "objectively reasonable
basis to believe" that a person experiencing a mental-health
crisis needs law enforcement to "render emergency assis-
tance." Brigham City v. Stuart, (2006).
As Brigham City explained, the " 'justification for what
would be otherwise' " an illegal warrantless entry of a home
in this context is " '[t]he need to protect or preserve life or
avoid serious injury.' " Ibid. ). The officers in Brigham City, for in-
stance, needed to enter the house to break up an ongoing
fight to protect a person whom they saw through a window
being struck in the face and to prevent further violence. 547
2 CASE v. MONTANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

U. S., at 406. When an officer is called to respond to a per-
son at risk of suicide, however, entering the house may not
always be the objectively reasonable course of action to
" 'preserve life or avoid serious injury.' " Id., at 403.
In these kinds of circumstances, the presence of law en-
forcement at times can escalate the situation rather that
ameliorate it, putting both the occupant and the officers in
danger. See, e.g., Chamberlain v. White Plains, 960 F. 3d
100, 101 -- 104, 108 (CA2 2020) (officers repeatedly at-
tempted entry of the home of a person with a known "his-
tory of mental illness," eventually shooting and killing the
occupant after he repeatedly said he was " 'okay' " and offic-
ers saw he did not need medical attention); Bailey v. Ken-
nedy, 349 F. 3d 731, 734 -- 736, 744 (CA4 2003) (officers at-
tempted to enter house based on a neighbor's report of
suicide, eventually kicking and striking occupant to arrest
him, despite occupant telling the officers that he was not
suicidal and that they should leave). The risk of escalation
is also heightened by the prevalence of firearms in nearly
half of American households.1 Police may employ more
forceful tactics when they know a firearm is in the house,
and an occupant who is experiencing an acute mental-
health crisis may react more unpredictably in response.
See, e.g., Corrigan v. District of Columbia, 841 F. 3d 1022,
1025 -- 1028 (CADC 2016) (despite occupant voluntarily
meeting the police outside and disclaiming any intention to
harm himself, the officers triggered occupant's post-
traumatic stress disorder after kicking his door and search-
ing his house, based on report that he was suicidal and
owned firearms); Frazier v. Miller, 404 Mont. 1, 484 P. 3d
912, 916 (2021) (occupant initially told police he was " 'fine' "
and to "go away" but drew pistol to his own head when the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In 2025, 42% of Americans reported living in a gun-owning household.

Gallup, Guns, https://news.gallup.com/poll/1645/guns.aspx.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

officer continued to attempt entry, leading the officer to
draw his gun in response and eventually shoot the occu-
pant).
Studies show that individuals with serious mental-health
conditions are disproportionately likely to be injured and
seven times more likely to be killed during police interac-
tions compared to the general population.2 One report
showed that over a 2-year period, "calls for help resulted in
law enforcement officers shooting and killing the very peo-
ple they were called on to assist" in 178 cases.3 Another
study found that police shooting incidents involving behav-
ioral health concerns (suicidal behavior, substance use, or
serious mental illness) were 2.1 times more likely to result
in fatal injury than other police shooting incidents.4 Fur-
ther, individuals with a mental illness were "2.8 times more
likely" to "be killed in their own homes" compared to those
without a mental illness.5
Given these risks, in some circumstances it may be more
reasonable for officers to try different means of de-escala-
tion before entering the home of a person experiencing a
mental-health crisis. Officers could, for example, attempt
to speak with the occupant from a distance or over the
phone; contact family, friends, or neighbors to help inter-
vene; call in specialized police units, such as negotiators or

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 See H. Jun, J. DeVylder, & L. Fedina, Police Violence Among Adults

Diagnosed With Mental Disorders, 45 Health & Soc. Work 81 (May
2020); A. Saleh, P. Applebaum, X. Liu, T. Stroup, & M. Wall, Deaths of
People with Mental Illness During Interactions With Law Enforcement,
58 Int'l J. L. & Psychiatry 110, 114 (May-June 2018) (Saleh).
3 J. Gerberg & A. Li, When a Call to the Police for Help Turns Deadly,

Washington Post, June 22, 2022, https://www.washingtonpost.com/
investigations/interactive/2022/police-shootings-mental-health-calls/.
4 J. Ward et al., National Burden of Injury and Deaths From Shootings

by Police in the United States, 2015 -- 2020, 4 Am. J. Pub. Health 387,
391 -- 392 (2024).
5 Saleh 114.
4 CASE v. MONTANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

officers trained in crisis intervention;6 or otherwise work
with mental-health professionals to approach the occu-
pant.7 Officers called to respond to these kinds of situations
should carefully investigate and assess the nature of the po-
tential crisis and determine whether there is an objectively
reasonable basis to believe that the occupant needs emer-
gency aid inside before entering without a warrant. Once
the decision is made to enter, moreover, the "manner" of the
officers' entry and their subsequent conduct inside must
also be "reasonable." Brigham City, 547 U. S., at 406.
This case highlights the very complexities that will often
attend emergency-aid interventions involving reported
mental-health crises. Multiple facts suggested that Case
did not need emergency aid but was instead waiting inside
for the officers in order to provoke a confrontation that
would result in "suicide-by-cop."
Case had told his girlfriend, J. H., on the phone that he
would "shoot them all" if she called the police to his house.
App. 69. Once J. H. arrived at the house, she told the offic-
ers that Case threatened to "shoot it out" with the police.
Id., at 70 -- 74. The officers also knew that in a prior incident
in which police were called to respond to a suicide attempt
by Case, Case had confronted the police in a way that sug-
gested he was attempting suicide-by-cop. Then, while sur-
veying the house, the officers discussed how Case had
" 'tried suicide by cop before' " and that it was likely Case
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 See id., at 114 -- 115; Brief for American Psychiatric Association et al.

as Amici Curiae 18 -- 25 (describing programs that involve sending teams
of specially trained police to respond to calls about mental-health crises).
7 Many jurisdictions around the country have introduced programs in

which police officers and mental-health professionals jointly respond to
calls about mental-health crises. See Policy Research, Inc. & National
League of Cities, A. Krider, R. Huerter, K. Gaherty, & A. Moore, Re-
sponding to Individuals in Behavioral Health Crisis Via Co-responder
Models (Jan. 2020), https://www.theiacp.org/sites/default/files/SJC
Responding%20to%20Individuals.pdf (describing "co-responder" pro-
grams).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

was " 'going to pull a gun on us' " once they " 'go in the
house.' " 417 Mont. 354, 373, 553 P. 3d 985, 998 (2024).
These facts, taken together, suggested that Case was nei-
ther already injured nor about to injure himself, but rather
that the primary danger he faced would arise only if the
officers entered his house. In other words, these facts
tended to undermine the officers' basis to believe that he
needed emergency assistance inside.
The officers' warrantless entry ultimately did not violate
the Fourth Amendment, however, because there were suf-
ficient facts on the other side of the ledger supporting an
objectively reasonable basis to believe that Case had shot
himself. Critically, Case had told J. H. he had a "loaded
gun" and J. H. heard a "clicking" sound like the "cock[ing]"
of "a gun," a "pop," and then "just dead air" despite J. H.
yelling Case's name multiple times over the phone. App.
68 -- 69; 417 Mont., at 357, 553 P. 3d, at 988. Case also told
J. H. that he was "going to get a note" and "kill himself."
App. 67 -- 68. When the officers arrived, they saw an empty
handgun holster and notepad with writing inside Case's
house, and Case did not respond when they shouted his
name into an open window. Considered together, those
facts gave rise to an objectively reasonable basis for the of-
ficers to believe that Case was already injured and in need
of emergency medical assistance, and was not necessarily
waiting inside for the officers seeking to provoke an escala-
tion leading to suicide-by-cop. As a result, the officers did
not violate the Fourth Amendment when they entered
Case's home.8
That conclusion, on the facts of this case, does not mean
it will always be objectively reasonable for officers respond-
ing to a mental-health crisis to make a warrantless entry.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 Case has not challenged the reasonableness of the officers' manner of

entry or their conduct inside his house after entry. As a result, neither
the decision below nor this Court had occasion to consider the reasona-
bleness of that conduct.
6 CASE v. MONTANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

A different mix of information might have led to the conclu-
sion that the officers' entry itself would put the occupant
(and officers) at a greater risk of escalation and serious in-
jury. Because the "objectively reasonable basis" test, as re-
affirmed by the Court today, demands careful attention to
the case-specific risks that attend mental-health crises, and
requires officers to act reasonably in response, I join the
Court's opinion in full.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

GORSUCH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 624
_________________

WILLIAM TREVOR CASE, PETITIONER v. MONTANA
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME COURT
OF MONTANA
[January 14, 2026]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, concurring.
Today's case, like another before it, holds that police of-
ficers generally do not violate a person's Fourth Amend-
ment rights when they enter his house without a warrant,
but with an " 'objectively reasonable basis' " for believing
someone inside is in physical danger and in need of imme-
diate aid. Ante, at 7 ). Importantly, the Court observes,
this exception to the warrant requirement permits entry
only to the extent reasonably necessary to address the ap-
parent emergency and does not authorize officers to search
a home more broadly. See ante, at 9. With all that, I agree.
But to me, a question lingers: Why? Does the Fourth
Amendment tolerate this limited emergency aid exception
to the warrant requirement just because five or more Jus-
tices of this Court happen to believe that such entries are
"reasonable"? Or is this exception more directly "tied to the
law"? Carpenter v. United States, (2018)
(GORSUCH, J., dissenting). The answer, I believe, is the lat-
ter.
From before the founding through the present day, the
common law has generally permitted a private citizen to en-
ter another's house and property in order to avert serious
physical harm. In those circumstances, and many others,
courts have historically held that property rights give way
to concern for human safety. See, e.g., 37 Hen. 6, pl. 26;
2 CASE v. MONTANA

GORSUCH, J., concurring

Mouse's Case, 12 Co. Rep. 63, 77 Eng. Rep. 1341 (K. B.
1608); Respublica v. Sparhawk, 1 Dall. 357, 363 (Pa. 1788);
Ploof v. Putnam, 81 Vt. 471, 474 -- 475, 71 A. 188, 189 (1908).
Courts have long described property-law necessity defenses
like these as turning, too, on the adequacy of the defend-
ant's judgment, not a post-hoc assessment of necessity in
fact. See, e.g., Mitchell v. Harmony, 13 How. 115, 134 -- 135
(1852); Stone v. Mayor of City of New York, 25 Wend. 157,
176 (N. Y. 1840) (opinion of Verplanck, Sen.); Surocco v.
Geary, 3 Cal. 69, 72 (1853).*
The common-law emergency rule is now often summa-
rized this way: "One is privileged to enter or remain on land
in the possession of another if it is or reasonably appears to
be necessary to prevent serious harm to... the actor[,]...
the other[,] or a third person... unless the actor knows or
has reason to know that the one for whose benefit he enters
is unwilling that he shall take such action." Restatement
(Second) of Torts (1963 -- 1964). But, of course, this
privilege comes with its logical limitations. So, for example,
a private citizen who enters a home to render emergency
aid lacks license to do so in a manner "which a reasonable
man would not regard as necessary to" address the appar-
ent emergency. Id., and Comment a; see also id., Comment a; Des Moines v. Webster, 861 N. W. 2d 878, 883 -- 
885 (Iowa App. 2014); State v. Lukus, 149 Mont. 45, 50 -- 51,
423 P. 2d 49, 52 -- 53 (1967).
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Contrary to Mr. Case's argument, King v. Coate, Lofft. 73, 98 Eng.
Rep. 539 (K. B. 1772), does not establish that the common law demanded
an exacting showing of actual necessity to defeat a claim for trespass.
True, Lord Mansfield explained that any necessity defense in that case
would need to "stand the strictest test," with the "necessity manifestly
proved." Id., at 75, 98 Eng. Rep., at 540. But Coate involved an effort to
involuntarily "confin[e] a person in a madhouse" for two months, not a
claim over a home entry. Id., at 74, 98 Eng. Rep., at 539. And it is hardly
surprising that the common law would demand a good deal more to jus-
tify a serious deprivation of liberty than to excuse an invasion of property
rights aimed at protecting human safety.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

GORSUCH, J., concurring

Today's decision echoes both the common-law emergency
aid rule and its limitations. It does so, to be sure, in the con-
text of a law enforcement officer, not a private citizen, who
sought to enter another's home. But on this point as well the
common law has spoken, long providing that officers gener-
ally enjoy the same legal privileges as private citizens. See,
e.g., Entick v. Carrington, 19 How. St. Tr. 1029, 1066 (C. P.
1765); 1 J. Chitty, Criminal Law 36 (1819); 2 M. Hale, His-
toria Placitorum Coronae 91 (1736). And, reflecting the
common law here again, this Court has held that the Fourth
Amendment usually permits officers lacking a valid war-
rant to "take actions that any private citizen might do with-
out fear of liability." Caniglia v. Strom, 
(2021). But they nor-
mally may do "no more" than that. Kentucky v. King, (2011); see also Entick, 19 How. St. Tr., at
1066.
It should come as no surprise that our decision today
might accord with the accumulated learning of the common
law -- just as it should come as no surprise that our applica-
tion of the Fourth Amendment ought to be informed by the
common law's lessons rather than mere intuition. For a pe-
riod, to be sure, the miasma created by this Court's Katz era
led some to think the scope of the rights guaranteed by the
Fourth Amendment depend on nothing more than current
judicial instincts about "reasonable expectations of pri-
vacy." See Carpenter, 585 U. S., at 394 -- 395, 405 -- 406
(GORSUCH, J., dissenting). But that confusion cannot last
forever, for no one should think the rights of Americans
hang on so thin a thread. Instead, and as Justice Story rec-
ognized, the Fourth Amendment is made of sturdier stuff,
representing "the affirmance of a great constitutional doc-
trine of the common law." 3 Commentaries on the Consti-
tution of the United States 748 (1833).

============================================================

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting from the grant of the ap-
plication for stay.
This emergency application raises novel issues funda-
mental to the relationship between the President and Con-
gress. It arises from the refusal of the President and his
officers to obligate and spend billions of dollars that Con-
gress appropriated for foreign aid. Prospective beneficiar-
ies of those funds challenged the decision to withhold them
as an unlawful impoundment -- essentially, a Presidential
usurpation of Congress's power of the purse. The main le-
gal question presented in this application involves the
meaning and effect of a statute concerning impoundments:
More specifically, the question is whether that statute pre-
cludes the beneficiaries' suit to make the Executive comply
with appropriations laws. This Court, before today, has
dealt with the statute only in passing; neither have lower
courts much addressed it. Deciding the question presented
thus requires the Court to work in uncharted territory.
And, to repeat, the stakes are high: At issue is the allocation
of power between the Executive and Congress over the ex-
penditure of public monies.
As even that much suggests, this case is not a likely can-
didate for a grant of emergency relief. Per usual on our
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAGAN, J., dissenting

emergency docket, we have had to consider this application
on a short fuse -- less than three weeks. We have done so
with scant briefing, no oral argument, and no opportunity
to deliberate in conference. Because of how this case came
to us, we likewise do not have the benefit of a pertinent
court of appeals decision, much less a set of decisions ex-
pressing different views. In a few weeks' time -- when we
turn to our regular docket -- we will decide cases of far less
import with far more process and reflection. The Court to-
day carries on regardless, staying the District Court's rul-
ing that the Executive must obligate the disputed funds. To
its credit, the majority emphasizes in its order that it has
reached only a "preliminary view" of the issues raised,
which should not be read as a "final determination on the
merits." Ante, at 1. But even at that, the majority goes too
far. The Executive has not met our standard for emergency
relief -- the appropriately high bar we have erected because
a stay like this one disrupts "the ordinary processes of ad-
ministration and judicial review." Nken v. Holder, (2009). The Executive has not "made a strong
showing that [it] is likely to succeed on the merits." Id., at
426. Nor has it shown that, in the absence of relief, it will
suffer irreparable harm. We therefore should have denied
this application, allowed the lower courts to go forward, and
ensured that the weighty question presented here receives
the consideration it deserves.
Begin with what is at issue. This case arose because the
President and his officers do not want to spend all the for-
eign-aid funds Congress deemed proper. In 2024, Congress
appropriated more than $30 billion for foreign assistance.
See Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2024, -- 47, div F, tits. III -- IV, 138 Stat. 740 -- 750. But on
his first day in office, the President froze all that funding
pending a full-scale executive review. See Exec. Order No.
14169, 90 Fed. Reg. 8619 (2025). Organizations accustomed
to receiving foreign-aid monies sued under the
4 DEPARTMENT OF STATE v. AIDS VACCINE ADVOCACY
COALITION
KAGAN, J., dissenting

Administrative Procedure Act (APA), requesting that the
District Court compel the obligation and expenditure of the
funds Congress had appropriated. The controversy has sig-
nificantly narrowed since that time, as the Executive has
resumed making various obligations and grants. The re-
maining dispute concerns $4 billion of foreign-aid appropri-
ations, which the President recently requested that Con-
gress rescind. Congress has not acted on that request, thus
leaving the appropriation intact. Under the District Court's
most recent order, the Executive must obligate the $4 bil-
lion before the end of the fiscal year (September 30), when
it would otherwise become unavailable for spending. The
stay the majority grants today suspends that court order.
The effect is to prevent the funds from reaching their in-
tended recipients -- not just now but (because of their im-
pending expiration) for all time.
The Executive's principal argument for a stay is that the
Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (ICA), 2 U. S. C. 
et seq., precludes the organizations from bringing this APA
suit to enforce appropriations laws. The ICA, enacted after
Congress waged war with President Nixon over impound-
ments, has two components. First, the Act sets up a way
for a President to propose and Congress to consider changes
in the funding levels that existing laws set. Briefly put, the
President sends a "special message" to Congress asking for
a rescission -- just as happened here with respect to the $4
billion.. And for the next 45 days, any bill accept-
ing the President's proposal receives expedited congres-
sional review through fast-track procedures. See, 688.1 Second, the Act gives the Comptroller
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The special message does not itself alter spending requirements. Sec-

tion 683(b) provides that any funds the President has "proposed to be
rescinded... shall be made available for obligation unless, within the
prescribed 45-day period," Congress adopts the proposal. In other words,
Congress's action on the proposal is needed to relieve the Executive of its
duty under an appropriations law to obligate funds.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAGAN, J., dissenting

General (a legislative officer) a way to sue over presidential
impoundments. If he believes the President is unlawfully
withholding funds, he is to send a report to Congress saying
so. See. And after a specified time, he may bring a
civil action under the Act to compel the Executive to obli-
gate the funds at issue. See. According to the Execu-
tive's application for a stay, that statutory scheme "im-
pliedly preclude[s]" the plaintiff organizations from
bringing an APA suit to similarly enforce appropriations
laws. Application 18. That suit, the Executive argues,
would "supplant interbranch negotiations" and "leap-
frog the Comptroller General" if allowed to go forward.
Id., at 20.2
But the text of the ICA refutes that notion. As against
the Executive's argument about "implied" meaning are the
statute's express words. In its very first section, titled "Dis-
claimer," the ICA declares: "Nothing contained in this
Act... shall be construed" as "affecting in any way the
claims or defenses of any party to litigation concerning any
impoundment.". It is hard to write a clearer and a
more emphatic non-preclusion provision than that. Noth-
ing in the ICA (neither its process for considering proposed
rescissions nor its creation of a Comptroller General suit)
affects in any way the claims of any party to litigation about
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Executive only recently devised that argument; just last month,

in the Court of Appeals, the Executive took the opposite view, stating
that the ICA permits private APA suits to enforce appropriations laws.
See Response to Petition for Rehearing En Banc in No. 25 -- 5097 etc.
(CADC), pp. 15 -- 16. At that time, the Executive explained that the ICA
does not allow private plaintiffs to "enforce the ICA" itself (the issue then
in dispute). Id., at 15. But such plaintiffs, the Executive continued, still
retain "preexisting" (i.e., non-ICA) rights "to enforce statutory [funding]
obligations through a suit under the APA." Id., at 16. So at a private
plaintiff's request, a "court could enjoin a refusal to spend appropriated
funds where the relevant [appropriations] statutes required that the
funds be spent." Id., at 15 -- 16. That, of course, is precisely what the
plaintiff organizations argue here.
6 DEPARTMENT OF STATE v. AIDS VACCINE ADVOCACY
COALITION
KAGAN, J., dissenting

any impoundment. So as applied here, nothing in the ICA
has any effect on the claims of the plaintiff organizations
("any party") to sue over the President's withholding of ap-
propriated foreign-aid funds ("any impoundment"). All the
Executive can argue in response is that the provision con-
tains an unspoken limit, depriving it of any current effect.
According to the Executive, the Disclaimer really applies
only to litigation pending at the time the ICA was enacted -- 
not to later suits like this one. See Application 22. "But
this Court may not narrow a provision's reach by inserting
words Congress chose to omit." Lomax v. Ortiz-Marquez,
(2020). It would have been easy enough
to draft the statute the Executive wants -- just add the
words "currently pending" before "litigation." Congress did
not do so. Nor did it express the same idea in some other
way. The words it chose apply as well to this present-day
litigation as to suits brought a half-century ago. All are al-
lowed.
And reading the Disclaimer as its text demands creates
no conflict with the rest of the ICA. Yes, Congress in that
statute gave the Executive a way to propose changes in en-
acted appropriations levels. See. But that mecha-
nism suggests precious little about how Congress thought
appropriations laws should be enforced when, as here, it
has not adopted such a proposal. And yes, Congress author-
ized the Comptroller General to bring suit under the statute
for the Executive's failure to obligate appropriated funds.
See. But government enforcement efforts often co-ex-
ist with private ones as to the same or similar subject mat-
ter, proceeding along parallel tracks. There is nothing
strange about giving the Comptroller General the ability to
challenge impoundments under the ICA while leaving af-
fected private parties free to do so under the APA's
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAGAN, J., dissenting

longstanding authority.3 So even if the Disclaimer provi-
sion did not exist, the Executive's argument would be tenu-
ous. With the Disclaimer -- remember, "nothing" in the ICA
shall "affect in any way" the claims of "any party" over
"any impoundment," -- the argument becomes well-
nigh impossible to sustain.
And just to gild the lily: The ICA's historical context ex-
plains why Congress made so clear that it was not preclud-
ing other parties' suits. The ICA emerged against the back-
drop of President Nixon's large-scale efforts to impound
appropriated funds, and thus to substitute his own policy
priorities for Congress's. See A. Schick, Congress and
Money: Budgeting, Spending and Taxing 29, 46 -- 49 (1980).
That effort sparked a fierce congressional reaction. See L.
Fisher, Presidential Spending Power 147 (1975). But even
before Congress could assert its prerogatives through legis-
lation, suits brought by States, organizations, and individ-
uals -- more than 60 of them by Congress's careful count -- 
put the President on his back foot.4 As Congress knew,
courts consistently rejected the President's claim of consti-
tutional power to impound monies, reasoning that the Pres-
ident has a duty to follow appropriations laws as he does
any others.5 The dispositive issue in the suits thus became
whether a given appropriations law indeed mandated
spending, or instead provided the Executive with some dis-
cretion. And the Executive often lost on that issue too. See,
e.g., Train v. City of New York, -- 46 (1975).
In the end, the mass of litigation contributed significantly
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Note again that just last month that was how the Executive itself

thought the statute works. See supra, at 5,.
4 See Joint Committee on Congressional Operations, Special Report on

Court Challenges to Executive Branch Impoundments of Appropriated
Funds, 93d Cong., 2d Sess., 1 (Comm. Print 1974).
5 See House Committee on Government Operations, Report on Presi-

dential Impoundment of Congressionally Appropriated Funds: An Anal-
ysis of Recent Federal Court Decisions, 93d Cong., 2d Sess., 1 (Comm.
Print 1974).
8 DEPARTMENT OF STATE v. AIDS VACCINE ADVOCACY
COALITION
KAGAN, J., dissenting

to President Nixon's decision to "abandon the impoundment
tactic," as even his Budget Director acknowledged. See B.
Graham, White House Backing Off Impounding, Washing-
ton Post, June 30, 1974, p. A2 (reporting on speech by Roy
Ash). Congress followed up by enacting the ICA in order to
(as its title says) "control" future impoundments. But it is
hardly surprising that in so doing Congress disclaimed any
intent to interfere with other parties' suits to enforce appro-
priations laws. Suits of that kind had helped Congress win
its confrontation with the President -- and Congress knew
could do so again.
The Executive's argument about irreparable harm and
the balance of equities fares no better. The Executive says
that to comply with the District Court's order to obligate the
$4 billion, it will have to "enter into negotiations" with "for-
eign states or international organizations." Application 35.
And in those discussions, the Executive protests, it will
have to "advocate against its own objectives" -- "under-
min[ing]" its real view that the expenditures are "contrary
to U. S. foreign policy." Id., at 3, 34 -- 35. But that is just the
price of living under a Constitution that gives Congress the
power to make spending decisions through the enactment
of appropriations laws. If those laws require obligation of
the money, and if Congress has not by rescission or other
action relieved the Executive of that duty, then the Execu-
tive must comply. It cannot be heard to complain, as it does
here, that the laws clash with the President's differing view
of "American values" and "American interests." Id., at 34.
That inconsistency, in other words, is not a cognizable
harm, to be weighed in the equitable balance. It is merely
a frustration any President must bear.
For those reasons, the Executive has not shown what it
must to receive emergency relief from this Court. That kind
of relief should be sparingly given. As earlier noted, every
such award disrupts the usual process of judicial review.
And no such award emerges from our normal hallmarks of
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

KAGAN, J., dissenting

deliberation. So the standard for granting emergency relief
is supposed to be stringent. The Executive has not come
close to meeting it here. And the consequence of today's
grant is significant. I appreciate that the majority refrains
from offering a definitive view of this dispute and the ques-
tions raised in it. But the effect of its ruling is to allow the
Executive to cease obligating $4 billion in funds that Con-
gress appropriated for foreign aid, and that will now never
reach its intended recipients. Because that result conflicts
with the separation of powers, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting from the grant of the ap-
plication for stay.
On top of granting certiorari before judgment in this case,
the Court today issues a stay enabling the President to im-
mediately discharge, without any cause, a member of the
Federal Trade Commission (FTC). That stay, granted on
2 TRUMP v. SLAUGHTER

KAGAN, J., dissenting

our emergency docket, is just the latest in a series. Earlier
this year, the same majority, by the same mechanism, per-
mitted the President to fire without cause members of the
National Labor Relations Board, the Merits Systems Pro-
tection Board, and the Consumer Product Safety Commis-
sion. See Trump v. Wilcox, 605 U. S. ___ (2025); Trump v.
Boyle, 606 U. S. ___ (2025). Congress, as everyone agrees,
prohibited each of those presidential removals. See, e.g., 15
U. S. C. (barring the President from discharging FTC
Commissioners except for "inefficiency, neglect of duty, or
malfeasance in office"). Under the relevant statutes, the
entities just listed are "classic independent agenc[ies]" -- 
" 'multi-member, bipartisan commission[s]' whose members
serve staggered terms and cannot be removed except for
good reason." Boyle, 606 U. S., at ___ (KAGAN, J., dissenting
from grant of application for stay). Yet the
majority, stay order by stay order, has handed full control
of all those agencies to the President. He may now re-
move -- so says the majority, though Congress said differ-
ently -- any member he wishes, for any reason or no reason
at all. And he may thereby extinguish the agencies' bipar-
tisanship and independence.
I dissented from the majority's prior stay orders, and to-
day do so again. Under existing law, what Congress said
goes -- as this Court unanimously decided nearly a century
ago. In Humphrey's Executor v. United States, (1935), we rejected a claim of presidential prerogative
identical to the one made in this case. (Indeed, the suit
emerged from a discharge at the very same agency.) Con-
gress, we held, may restrict the President's power to remove
members of the FTC, as well as other agencies performing
"quasi-legislative or quasi-judicial" functions, without vio-
lating the Constitution. Id., at 629. So the President can-
not, as he concededly did here, fire an FTC Commissioner
without any reason. To reach a different result requires re-
versing the rule stated in Humphrey's: It entails overriding
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAGAN, J., dissenting

rather than accepting Congress's judgment about agency
design. The majority may be raring to take that action, as
its grant of certiorari before judgment suggests. But until
the deed is done, Humphrey's controls, and prevents the
majority from giving the President the unlimited removal
power Congress denied him. Because the majority's stay
does just that, I respectfully dissent. Our emergency docket
should never be used, as it has been this year, to permit
what our own precedent bars. Still more, it should not be
used, as it also has been, to transfer government authority
from Congress to the President, and thus to reshape the
Nation's separation of powers.

============================================================

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring in the grant of the
application for stay.
I agree with the Court's decision to grant a stay in this
case, as in Trump v. Wilcox, 605 U. S. ___ (2025). In
addition to granting a stay, I would have granted certiorari
before judgment in this case or in Wilcox.
When an emergency application turns on whether this
Court will narrow or overrule a precedent, and there is at
least a fair prospect (not certainty, but at least some
reasonable prospect) that we will do so, the better practice
often may be to both grant a stay and grant certiorari before
judgment. In those unusual circumstances, if we grant a
stay but do not also grant certiorari before judgment, we
may leave the lower courts and affected parties with
extended uncertainty and confusion about the status of the
precedent in question. Moreover, when the question is
whether to narrow or overrule one of this Court's
precedents rather than how to resolve an open or disputed
question of federal law, further percolation in the lower
courts is not particularly useful because lower courts
cannot alter or overrule this Court's precedents. In that
situation, the downsides of delay in definitively resolving
the status of the precedent sometimes tend to outweigh the
benefits of further lower-court consideration.
So it is here. Therefore, I not only would have granted a
stay but also would have granted certiorari before
judgment.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

KAGAN, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A11
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. MARY BOYLE, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[July 23, 2025]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting from the grant of the ap-
plication for stay.
Once again, this Court uses its emergency docket to de-
stroy the independence of an independent agency, as estab-
lished by Congress. Two months ago, in Trump v. Wilcox,
the majority issued a stay allowing the President to dis-
charge, without any cause, Democratic members of the Na-
tional Labor Relations Board (NLRB) and the Merit Sys-
tems Protection Board (MSPB). See 605 U. S. ___, ___
(2025). Today, the same majority's stay per-
mits the President to fire, again without cause, the Demo-
cratic members of the Consumer Product Safety Commis-
sion (CPSC). Congress provided that the CPSC, like the
NLRB and MSPB, would operate as "a classic independent
agency -- a multi-member, bipartisan commission" whose
members serve staggered terms and cannot be removed ex-
cept for good reason. Id., at ___ (KAGAN, J., dissenting from
grant of application for stay) ; see 15 U. S. C.
(requiring "neglect of duty or malfeasance"). In
Congress's view, that structure would better enable the
CPSC to achieve its mission -- ensuring the safety of con-
sumer products, from toys to appliances -- than would a sin-
gle-party agency under the full control of a single President.
The CPSC has thus operated as an independent agency for
many decades, as the NLRB and MSPB also did. But this
2 TRUMP v. BOYLE

KAGAN, J., dissenting

year, on its emergency docket, the majority has rescinded
that status. By allowing the President to remove Commis-
sioners for no reason other than their party affiliation, the
majority has negated Congress's choice of agency biparti-
sanship and independence.
In doing so, the majority has also all but overturned
Humphrey's Executor v. United States, 
(1935), a near-century-old precedent of this Court. As I ex-
plained in Wilcox, we held in Humphrey's that independent
agencies like the CPSC (and NLRB and MSPB) do not vio-
late the Constitution's separation of powers. See 605 U. S.,
at ___, ___ (dissenting opinion) (, 3). In creating
such "quasi-legislative or quasi-judicial bodies" to imple-
ment legislative directives, Humphrey's explained, Con-
gress may "forbid their [members'] removal except for
cause." 295 U. S., at 626, 629. Now, though, the opposite
rule obtains: The majority, through its stays, has prevented
Congress from prohibiting removals without cause. On the
Court's emergency docket -- which means "on a short fuse
without benefit of full briefing and oral argument" -- the
majority has effectively expunged Humphrey's from the
U. S. Reports. Doe v. Mills, 595 U. S. ___, ___ (2021)
(BARRETT, J., concurring in denial of application for injunc-
tive relief).
And it has accomplished those ends with the scantiest of
explanations. The majority's sole professed basis for today's
stay order is its prior stay order in Wilcox. But Wilcox itself
was minimally (and, as I have previously shown, poorly) ex-
plained. See 605 U. S., at ___ -- ___ (KAGAN, J., dissenting)
( -- 7). It contained one sentence (ignored today)
hinting at but not deciding the likelihood of success on the
merits, plus two more respecting the "balance [of] the equi-
ties." Id., at ___ -- ___ (order) ( -- 2); see id., at ___ -- 
___ (KAGAN, J., dissenting) ( -- 7). So only an-
other under-reasoned emergency order undergirds today's.
Next time, though, the majority will have two (if still under-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAGAN, J., dissenting

reasoned) orders to cite. "Truly, this is 'turtles all the way
down.' " Rapanos v. United States, (2006)
(plurality opinion). The majority rejects Congress's design
of a whole class of agencies (except, as Wilcox somehow has
it, the Federal Reserve) by layering nothing on nothing.
The result -- an increase of executive power at the ex-
pense of legislative authority -- does not stand alone. Just
last week, this Court granted another stay allowing the
President to ignore a federal statute. That decision permit-
ted the President to push forward in dismantling the De-
partment of Education, even though Congress created that
agency and tasked it with performing vital functions. See
McMahon v. New York, 606 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). If the majority
had any valid basis for taking that action (relating, say, to
the breadth of the District Court's preliminary injunction)
it did not appear on the face of the Court's unreasoned or-
der. See id., at ___ (order) ; id., at ___
(SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). That order
simply signaled that the President could carry on, even in
the face of a conflicting statute. So too does this order, and
with the same lack of care. The majority has acted on the
emergency docket -- with "little time, scant briefing, and no
argument" -- to override Congress's decisions about how to
structure administrative agencies so that they can perform
their prescribed duties. Wilcox, 605 U. S., at ___ (KAGAN,
J., dissenting). By means of such actions, this
Court may facilitate the permanent transfer of authority,
piece by piece by piece, from one branch of Government to
another. Respectfully, I dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE KAGAN delivered the opinion of the Court.
Nearly a century ago, Congress charged the then-new
Federal Communications Commission (FCC or Commis-
sion) with making communications services available, at af-
fordable prices, to all Americans. That objective became
known as "universal service." Some decades on, near the
turn of the 21st century, Congress reaffirmed its commit-
ment to universal service while providing new and more de-
tailed instructions to the FCC about how to achieve it. Un-
der the amended statutory plan, the FCC would use
required payments, called contributions, from telecommu-
nications companies to subsidize basic communications ser-
vices for consumers in certain underserved communities -- 
particularly, rural and low-income areas. To carry out that
2 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

mandate, the Commission established discrete subsidy pro-
grams for the consumers Congress had identified, set up a
special fund to receive and disburse the companies' pay-
ments, and enlisted a private corporation, called the Uni-
versal Service Administrative Company, to help manage
that fund's operations.
The question in this case is whether the universal-service
scheme -- more particularly, its contribution mechanism -- 
violates the Constitution's nondelegation doctrine, either
because Congress has given away its power to the FCC or
because the FCC has given away its power to a private com-
pany. We hold that no impermissible transfer of authority
has occurred. Under our nondelegation precedents, Con-
gress sufficiently guided and constrained the discretion
that it lodged with the FCC to implement the universal-ser-
vice contribution scheme. And the FCC, in its turn, has re-
tained all decision-making authority within that sphere, re-
lying on the Administrative Company only for non-binding
advice. Nothing in those arrangements, either separately
or together, violates the Constitution.
I
A
The Communications Act of 1934, ch. 652, 48 Stat. 1064,
established the FCC and empowered it to regulate commu-
nications services. In the Act's very first provision, Con-
gress instructed the FCC to pursue the goal now called uni-
versal service. The FCC, Congress stated, was "to make
available, so far as possible, to all the people of the United
States," reliable communications services "at reasonable
charges." 47 U. S. C..
The universal-service project arose from the concern that
pure market mechanisms would leave some segments of the
population without access to needed communications ser-
vices. That is because providers of those services, also
called carriers, can reap greater profits from some classes
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

of customers than from others. Carriers, for example, make
more money in urban areas than in rural ones because fixed
costs in cities are spreadable over many more users. See S.
Benjamin et al., Telecommunications Law and Policy.3.1, p. 763 (2d ed. 2006); In re Federal-State Joint Bd.
on Universal Serv., 12 FCC Rcd. 8776, 8784 (1997) (Univer-
sal Service Order). Similarly, carriers may prefer to focus
on business customers instead of residential or not-for-
profit customers (like schools and libraries) because the for-
mer are willing to pay more for the same services. See id.,
at 8784. So carriers have incentives to neglect some kinds
of customers in providing services or setting prices. See P.
Huber, M. Kellogg, & J. Thorne, Federal Telecommunica-
tions Law.1.2, pp. 6 -- 9, 6 -- 10, and (3d ed. Supp.
2022). The result, policymakers thought, would be severe
inequities in access to communications systems, and a
swiss-cheese-like communications network for the whole
country. See ibid.; Universal Service Order, 12 FCC Rcd.,
at 8780 -- 8781, 8783.
Under the original Act, the FCC addressed that con-
cern -- and promoted universal service -- through a "patch-
work quilt of implicit and explicit subsidies." FCC, Report
to Congress 5 (FCC 98 -- 67, 1998). The earliest and domi-
nant squares of that quilt were implicit subsidies, provided
under the FCC's authority to set "just and reasonable"
rates. See Universal Service Order, 12 FCC Rcd., at 8784;
47 U. S. C.. Carriers then operated as regulated
monopolies, with the FCC (and its state counterparts) su-
perintending the rates they could charge different kinds of
customers for different services. See Universal Service Or-
der, 12 FCC Rcd., at 8784 -- 8785; Huber, Federal Telecom-
munications Law.1.1.2, p. 6 -- 7. And regulators used that
authority over rates to shift costs: Long-distance rates were
set enough above cost "to subsidize local rates, business
rates to subsidize [non-business] rates, and urban rates to
subsidize rural rates." Id., p. 6 -- 7. So, for example, a "large
4 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

New York [City] brokerage firm making heavy use of long-
distance service" would end up "subsidiz[ing] the local ser-
vices of homeowners in Fishkill." Ibid.; see Universal Ser-
vice Order, 12 FCC Rcd., at 8784. Over time, though, towns
like Fishkill benefited as well from explicit subsidy pro-
grams. The FCC, for example, began in the 1980s to levy
assessments on long-distance carriers and disburse the pro-
ceeds to carriers serving high-cost communities. See id., at
8890 -- 8892; 47 CFR.601 -- 36.641, 69.116(a) (1996).
And the FCC began, through the so-called Lifeline program,
to make payments directly reducing low-income consumers'
monthly phone bills. See Universal Service Order, 12 FCC
Rcd., at 8957 -- 8958;.104(j) -- (l), 69.117, 69.203(f ) -- (g).
In 1996, Congress overhauled the Act to "promote compe-
tition and reduce regulation" in the telecommunications
sector. See Telecommunications Act, 110 Stat. 56. As part
of those reforms, Congress created a new framework for
achieving universal service. The amended Act discarded
the implicit subsidies embedded in ratemaking and substi-
tuted a plan for explicit transfer payments to ensure that
basic communications services extend across the country.
See ; Universal Service Order, 12 FCC Rcd., at 8783 -- 
8784.
Section 254 of the amended statute requires every carrier
providing interstate telecommunications services to "con-
tribute," in line with the statute and FCC rules, to a fund
designed to "preserve and advance universal service.". The FCC must use the money in that fund, now
known as the Universal Service Fund, to pay for subsidy
programs for designated populations and facilities needing
improved access. See, (e); Wisconsin Bell, Inc. v.
United States ex rel. Heath, 604 U. S. ___, ___ (2025). The statute, for example, continues the Lifeline
program aiding low-income individuals. See. It di-
rects the FCC to provide assistance to rural hospitals, as
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

well as to schools and libraries. See (1). And it in-
structs the FCC to expand communications access for con-
sumers in "rural" and other "high cost areas." (3).
The carrier contributions collected to support those pro-
grams, the Act further provides, must be "sufficient" to
carry them out and so to "advance universal service."
-- (e).
The statute also provides detailed guidance for identify-
ing the specific communications services to which the stat-
ute's beneficiaries should have access. On the one hand, the
Act recognizes that those services, given the expected pace
of technological change, are unlikely to stay static: Univer-
sal service, says the statute, is "an evolving level of telecom-
munications services that the Commission shall establish
periodically" as it accounts for "advances in telecommuni-
cations and information technologies and services."
(1). On the other hand, the Act specifies the relevant
criteria in every period. In deciding which communications
services the "definition" of universal service encompasses,
the FCC "shall consider the extent to which" a service (1) is
"essential to education, public health, or public safety"; (2)
has, through market forces, "been subscribed to by a sub-
stantial majority of residential customers"; and (3) is in fact
"being deployed in public telecommunications networks by
telecommunications carriers." (1)(A) -- (C). So too,
the Commission must evaluate whether a service can be
made available at an "affordable rate." (1). Con-
gress thus struck a balance in establishing universal ser-
vice's metes and bounds -- affording the FCC latitude to
adapt to technological developments, but insisting that the
FCC always look to whether services are essential, afforda-
ble, and widely used.
Echoing the provisions just described, Congress also
listed six "principles" on which the FCC "shall base" all its
universal-service policies.. First, "[q]uality ser-
vices should be available at just, reasonable, and affordable
6 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

rates." (1). Second, "all regions of the Nation"
should have access to those services. (2). Third, all
consumers, "including low-income consumers and those in
rural, insular, and high cost areas," should have access to
services that are "reasonably comparable" in quality and
price to those in urban areas. (3). Fourth, every
carrier should make "an equitable and nondiscriminatory
contribution" to the achievement of universal service.
(4). Fifth, the subsidies given to advance that goal
should be "specific, predictable[,] and sufficient."
(5). And sixth, "schools," "libraries," and "health
care providers" should have access to services. (6).
That list concludes with a provision enabling the FCC to
add "other principles" found both "consistent with" the Act
and "necessary and appropriate for the protection of the
public interest, convenience, and necessity." (7).
The Commission now operates, under the terms of the
Act, four universal-service programs. Lifeline, which pre-
dated the Act, gives low-income consumers a markdown on
their monthly phone bills, usually of $9.25 per month. See
; 47 CFR.400 -- 54.424 (2024); supra, at 4. The
High Cost program, which similarly built on a pre-1996 ex-
plicit subsidy program, furnishes carriers with funds ena-
bling them to provide basic communications services in "ru-
ral, insular, and [other] high cost areas" at costs
comparable to those charged in urban areas. (3);.302 -- 54.322; supra, at 4. The E-Rate program subsi-
dizes communications services for schools and libraries
across the country, with greater discounts going to facilities
in rural or low-income areas. See (6), (h)(1)(B);.500 -- 54.523; Wisconsin Bell, 604 U. S., at ___. And finally, the Rural Health program supports rural
hospitals and other health care facilities, enabling them to
use telemedicine in caring for far-flung patients and ensur-
ing that they receive the needed communications services
at roughly the rates urban facilities pay. See (6),
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

(h)(1)(A);.600 -- 54.633.
To calculate how much carriers must contribute to the
Fund for those programs, the FCC has devised a formula,
known as the "contribution factor." 47 CFR.709(a).
That factor is a fraction, expressed as a percentage, whose
numerator is the Fund's projected expenses for the upcom-
ing quarter (the subsidy payments it will make plus over-
head) and whose denominator is the total projected revenue
of contributing carriers during that same period. See.709(a)(2). A carrier must pay into the Fund an amount
equal to its own projected revenue multiplied by the contri-
bution factor. See.709(a)(3). So, for example, if the FCC
forecasts that it will need, in a given quarter, 25% of all car-
rier revenues to cover the costs of its universal-service pro-
grams, a carrier expecting to generate $100 million in rev-
enue in that quarter will have to contribute $25 million.
The carrier may then pass along to its customers the cost of
its contributions. See.712(a). Every quarter, the FCC
updates its expense and revenue projections, comes up with
a new contribution factor, and announces it in a public no-
tice. See.709(a)(2) -- (3). During the next 14 days, the
FCC may revise the factor as it thinks proper. See.709(a)(3). If the FCC takes no action within that pe-
riod, the factor is "deemed approved by the Commission"
and goes into effect. Ibid. Carriers must then kick in to the
Fund accordingly.
The FCC in 1998 appointed the Universal Service Admin-
istrative Company as the Fund's "permanent Administra-
tor.".701(a). The Administrator, as we will call it, is a
private, not-for-profit corporation owned by an association
of carriers. See.5; Wisconsin Bell, 604 U. S., at ___. It manages the day-to-day operations of the
Fund, "bill[ing] and collect[ing] contributions from carriers"
and "distribut[ing] the resulting pot of money, as FCC rules
provide, to program beneficiaries." Id., at ___ ; see.702. More relevant here, the Administrator
8 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

plays a role each quarter in producing the financial projec-
tions that end up determining the contribution factor. See.709(a)(2) -- (3). Specifically, the Administrator esti-
mates the Fund's expenses (again, the costs of the programs
plus overhead) and adds up the estimates it receives from
individual carriers about their revenues. See ibid. The Ad-
ministrator then submits those figures, along with support-
ing documentation, to the Commission for approval and
eventual use in calculating required contributions. See
ibid.
B
In December 2021, the FCC proposed a contribution fac-
tor of 25.2% for the first quarter of 2022. Respondents -- the
non-profit organization Consumers' Research, a carrier,
and several consumers (collectively, Consumers' Re-
search) -- filed comments (during the 14-day, post-notice pe-
riod described above) requesting that the FCC instead set
the contribution factor at 0%. In support of that submis-
sion, Consumers' Research argued that the universal-ser-
vice contribution scheme violates the Constitution's non-
delegation rule. The Commission took no action in
response, so the 25.2% contribution factor went into effect.
Consumers' Research then petitioned for review in the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The en banc court
granted the petition, replacing a panel decision to the con-
trary. See 109 F. 4th 743 (2024); 63 F. 4th 441 (2023). In
the full Fifth Circuit's view, the universal-service contribu-
tion mechanism is unconstitutional because of its so-called
"double-layered delegation." 109 F. 4th, at 782.
The court's analysis proceeded by expressing "skep-
tic[ism]" about each of two aspects of the contribution
scheme, while declining to rule on either one. Id., at 778.
First, the court stated, Congress in Section 254 "may have
delegated legislative power" to the FCC by giving it "the
power to tax" carriers "without supplying an intelligible
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

principle to guide [its] discretion." Id., at 756. The court
described Section 254's limits on the Commission's author-
ity as "minimal," "contentless," and "amorphous." Id., at
760, 761, 767. Nonetheless, the court decided not to decide
whether Congress had impermissibly transferred authority
to the Commission. Id., at 767. Second, the court contin-
ued, the Commission "may have impermissibly delegated
the taxing power to private entities" by involving the Ad-
ministrator in setting contribution amounts. Id., at 756.
The court posited that the FCC had "de facto abdicate[d]"
governmental responsibilities to the Administrator by giv-
ing it the "final say" on how much carriers pay into the
Fund. Id., at 771. Again, however, the court demurred as
to the bottom line, reserving judgment on whether the Ad-
ministrator's role in the contribution scheme violates the
Constitution. See id., at 778.
The dispositive constitutional problem, the Fifth Circuit
ultimately held, is "the combination of Congress's sweeping
delegation to FCC and FCC's unauthorized subdelegation"
to the Administrator. Ibid. (emphasis in original). Relying
heavily on this Court's decision in Free Enterprise Fund v.
Public Company Accounting Oversight Bd., 
(2010), the court opined that "two or more things that are
not independently unconstitutional can combine to violate
the Constitution's separation of powers." 109 F. 4th, at 778
(emphasis in original). And that was true here for a pair of
reasons. The "double-layered delegation," the court
thought, had "no foothold in history or tradition." Id., at
782. And, the court went on, that delegation "undermine[s]
democratic accountability" by obscuring whether Congress,
the FCC, or the Administrator bears responsibility for the
amount of contributions. Id., at 783 -- 784.
10 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

We granted certiorari, 604 U. S. ___ (2024), and now re-
verse the decision below.1 In this Court, Consumers' Re-
search separates what the Fifth Circuit combined. It con-
tends (as it did below) that Congress's delegation to the
FCC violates the Constitution, and that the FCC's delega-
tion to the Administrator does so too. We reject each argu-
ment, and also reject the Fifth Circuit's combination theory.
II
Article I of the Constitution provides that "[a]ll legislative
Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the
United States.". Accompanying that assignment of
power to Congress is a bar on its further delegation: Legis-
lative power, we have held, belongs to the legislative
branch, and to no other. See Whitman v. American Truck-
ing Assns., Inc., (2001). At the same

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 When we granted certiorari, we asked the parties to address whether

this case is moot. The parties agree that it is not moot, and we do too.
The relevant facts are as follows. Consumers' Research filed suit to avoid
payments arising from the contribution factor that the FCC set for the
first quarter of 2022. But by now Consumers' Research has made those
payments, and a court might not be able to order a refund. Assuming
not, the case would be moot -- except that it qualifies as "capable of repe-
tition, yet evading review." Kingdomware Technologies, Inc. v. United
States, (2016). A given contribution factor is in effect
for only three months, a period "too short to complete judicial review of
[its] lawfulness." Ibid. And "it is reasonable to expect" that Consumers'
Research will have to make the same kind of payments again. Ibid. So
the case, as the Fifth Circuit concluded, is not moot. See 109 F. 4th 743,
753 (2024). Several other courts of appeals would have arrived at the
opposite conclusion, because they require a party to seek preliminary re-
lief in order to avail itself of the capable-of-repetition rule. See, e.g., New-
dow v. Roberts, 603 F. 3d 1002, 1008 -- 1009 (CADC 2010), cert. denied,
(2011). But our decisions have never hinted at such a
requirement. See, e.g., Kingdomware Technologies, 579 U. S., at 170;
SEC v. Sloan, -- 110 (1978). And for good reason: The
"capable of repetition" rule applies because of the nature of some contro-
versies, not because of the parties' litigating decisions.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

time, we have recognized that Congress may "seek assis-
tance" from its coordinate branches to secure the "effect in-
tended by its acts of legislation." J. W. Hampton, Jr., & Co.
v. United States, (1928). And in particu-
lar, Congress may "vest discretion" in executive agencies
to implement and apply the laws it has enacted -- for exam-
ple, by deciding on "the details of [their] execution." Ibid.;
see Wayman v. Southard, 10 Wheat. 1, 46 (1825) ("[T]he
maker of the law may commit something to the discretion
of the other departments"); Whitman, 531 U. S., at 474 -- 475
(A "degree of policy judgment" can "be left to those execut-
ing or applying the law").
To distinguish between the permissible and the imper-
missible in this sphere, we have long asked whether Con-
gress has set out an "intelligible principle" to guide what it
has given the agency to do. J. W. Hampton, 276 U. S., at
409. Under that test, "the degree of agency discretion that
is acceptable varies according to the scope of the power con-
gressionally conferred." Whitman, 531 U. S., at 475. The
"guidance" needed is greater, we have explained, when an
agency action will "affect the entire national economy" than
when it addresses a narrow, technical issue (e.g., the defi-
nition of "country [grain] elevators"). Ibid. But in examin-
ing a statute for the requisite intelligible principle, we have
generally assessed whether Congress has made clear both
"the general policy" that the agency must pursue and "the
boundaries of [its] delegated authority." American Power &
Light Co. v. SEC, (1946). And similarly,
we have asked if Congress has provided sufficient stand-
ards to enable both "the courts and the public [to] ascertain
whether the agency" has followed the law. OPP Cotton
Mills, Inc. v. Administrator of Wage and Hour Div., Dept. of
Labor, (1941). If Congress has done so -- 
as we have almost always found -- then we will not disturb
its grant of authority.
12 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

A
Although the intelligible-principle standard has focused
our nondelegation doctrine for a century, Consumers' Re-
search and the dissent primarily argue that we must apply
a different test here. Section 254, as just described, author-
izes the Commission to raise revenue in the form of carrier
"contribut[ions]" for universal-service programs. ;
see supra, at 4. Consumers' Research views those required
contributions as taxes. See Brief for Respondents 25 -- 29;
see also post, at 12 -- 13, 29 -- 30 (GORSUCH, J., dissenting).
And it argues that tax statutes -- and probably all revenue-
raising statutes -- have to satisfy a special nondelegation
rule. For those statutes, Congress must set a "definite" or
"objective limit" on how much money an agency can col-
lect -- a numeric cap, a fixed rate, or the equivalent. Brief
for Respondents 32, 36; see id., at 33 -- 35; see also post, at
14 -- 16 (stating that a "tax rate" is likely required, but a
"cap" may also suffice). Without such a limit, Consumers'
Research claims, no intelligible principle (however con-
straining) will do. See Brief for Respondents 46, 66. And
all agree that Section 254 contains no determinate cap or
formula. So, on Consumers' Research's telling, it effects an
unconstitutional delegation.2
But this Court's precedents foreclose that argument.
Twice before, we have rejected a party's request to create a
special nondelegation rule for revenue-raising legislation.
In J. W. Hampton, a taxpayer contended that when Con-
gress is "exercis[ing] the power to levy taxes and fix customs
duties," it lacks the usual leeway to confer discretion on
agencies. 276 U. S., at 409. "The [legal] authorities," the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Although endorsing the same rule as Consumers' Research, the dis-

sent claims that the rule is merely an application of the intelligible-prin-
ciple test. See post, at 14. That is mistaken: The intelligible-principle
test requires an intelligible principle, not a "prescribed... tax rate."
Ibid. So what we say about the Consumers' Research position generally
goes as well for the dissent's.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

Court responded, "make no such distinction." Ibid. And
then the Court set out the "intelligible principle" standard
as the universal method for assessing delegations. Ibid.
More than sixty years later, we reiterated that holding. In
Skinner v. Mid-America Pipeline Co., 
(1989), another litigant urged that "Congress' taxing
power" can be delegated only "with much stricter guide-
lines" than are normally used. Citing J. W. Hampton, we
again -- and unanimously -- rejected that "two-tiered theory
of nondelegation." 490 U. S., at 220 -- 221. "[N]othing" in the
Constitution's text or structure, Skinner explained, "distin-
guish[es] Congress' power to tax from its other enumerated
powers" "in terms of the scope and degree of discretionary
authority that Congress may delegate to the Executive."
Ibid. Nor, the Court added, did history at all distinguish
the two. See id., at 221 ("From its earliest days to the pre-
sent, Congress, when enacting tax legislation," has at times
delegated "discretionary authority" to the Executive). So
whether or not a tax is at issue -- so say our cases -- the
usual nondelegation standard applies. And that standard
is, again, trained on intelligible principles, not on numeric
caps and "mathematical formula[s]." United States v. Rock
Royal Co-operative, Inc., (1939); see su-
pra, at 11.3
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The dissent's attempt to deal with these precedents is not successful.

Relegating discussion of J. W. Hampton to a footnote, the dissent refuses
to acknowledge that decision's categorical rejection of a different non-
delegation standard for tax statutes than for others. See post, at 28,. The dissent contends that the tax at issue there could have met
its own rate-or-cap test, but glosses over that the Court instead asked
only about intelligible principles. See ibid. And although the dissent
suggests otherwise, J. W. Hampton's holding that the statute had an in-
telligible principle in no way hinged on the existence of a numeric rate
or cap. See 276 U. S., at 404 -- 405. The dissent's discussion of Skinner is
not much better. Our holding there compels the dissent to say that it is
not proposing a "different and stricter" test for "when Congress delegates
the power to tax." Post, at 14. But in the same paragraph, the dissent
14 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

The alternative test Consumers' Research and the dis-
sent propose also would throw a host of federal statutes into
doubt. Relying on this Court's nondelegation precedents,
Congress has often enacted statutes empowering agencies
to raise revenue without specifying a numeric cap or tax
rate. See Reply Brief for Federal Petitioners 7 -- 9 (listing
nine "example[s]"). Indeed, such statutes are endemic in
the sphere of financial regulation. The Federal Reserve
Board, for instance, funds its operations by levying on Fed-
eral Reserve Banks "an assessment sufficient to pay its es-
timated expenses." 12 U. S. C.. The Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) likewise "collect[s]"
from OCC-chartered banks an "assessment, fee, or other
charge" as the Office "determines is necessary or appropri-
ate to carry out [its] responsibilities.". And the Deposit
Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-
tion (FDIC), which protects the savings of millions of Amer-
icans, is financed through charges on banks "which the Cor-
poration may by regulation prescribe, after giving due
consideration to the need to establish and maintain the
[Fund's] reserve ratio." (1). In none of those (or
many other) revenue-raising statutes does a number ap-
pear. So all would be on the constitutional chopping block
under Consumers' Research's reasoning.
Consumers' Research is conflicted about how to approach
that problem, but sometimes tries to draw a line between
taxes and fees. Our decision in National Cable Television
Assn., Inc. v. United States, (1974) (NCTA),
recognized that distinction, as Consumers' Research notes.
See Brief for Respondents 28. We there described "fees" as
"bestow[ing]" a reciprocal "benefit on the [payor], not
shared by other members of society." NCTA, 415 U. S., at
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
does just that: It asserts that a delegation involving the taxing power
"must supply more significant limits on an agency's discretion" than one
involving other Government powers. Ibid. And so the dissent collides
with both J. W. Hampton and Skinner.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

341. By contrast, "taxes" are expected to "inure to the
benefit" of the wider public. Id., at 343. In its brief, Con-
sumers' Research argues that its numeric-cap standard ap-
plies to both taxes and fees: As to either, Congress's delega-
tion to an agency must include an "objective upper limit."
Brief for Respondents 37; see id., at 36 -- 38. At argument,
however, Consumers' Research relied on the tax vs. fee dis-
tinction to get out from under the long list of statutes its
position places in jeopardy. Most of those statutes, it ar-
gued, involve not taxes but fees, where the charge reflects
simply "the value of the benefit to the" payor. Tr. of Oral
Arg. 134; see id., at 148. So, Consumers' Research sug-
gested, if we label carrier contributions "taxes" and then
make only taxes subject to the numeric-limit requirement,
there would be minimal fallout from adopting its position.
See ibid. The dissent joins Consumers' Research in press-
ing that argument. See post, at 25 -- 30.
But the problems with going down that road are substan-
tial. First and as already shown, precedent forecloses it.
Indeed, in rejecting a stricter test for delegations made "un-
der Congress' taxing power," Skinner specifically noted that
its position rendered irrelevant the question (which, we
noted, "so exercised the District Court") whether the
charges there were "user fees" or a "form of taxation." 490
U. S., at 223. Either way, the Court held, the delegation
inquiry was just the same, and just the usual one. See ibid.4

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The dissent once again does not know what to do with Skinner. See

supra, at 13 -- 14,. According to the dissent, Skinner "did not invite
courts" to "disregard the basic distinction" between fees and taxes in con-
sidering the permissibility of delegations. Post, at 28. But we do not
know what else the Skinner Court did when it said the following: "In
light of th[e] conclusion" that the usual nondelegation test applies to tax
legislation, "we need not concern ourselves with the threshold question"
whether the "pipeline safety users 'fees' " at issue "are more properly
thought of as a form of taxation." 490 U. S., at 223. Fees or taxes -- it
just did not matter. And that was so, contra the dissent, irrespective of
16 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

Second, Consumers' Research offers no argument for why
categorizing something as a fee rather than a tax should
matter for delegation purposes. To the contrary, its brief
suggests the difference should make no difference -- that in-
stead all revenue-raising measures should be treated the
same. Brief for Respondents 36 -- 38; Tr. of Oral Arg. 132 -- 
133 (repeating the point). The distinction is proposed only
as an artificial method for limiting the effects of a holding
in Consumers' Research's favor, should the court be too
squeamish to go all the way.
And third, the distinction between taxes and fees, even if
occasionally needed, is a morass -- or as the Government
(which levies both) puts it, "unbelievably murky in prac-
tice." Tr. of Oral Arg. 52. A charge is a "fee," according to
NCTA, when it is for a "benefit" granted to the payor that
is "not shared by other members of society." 415 U. S., at
341. But articulating that test is a fair bit easier than ap-
plying it, because it is often hard to say whether a benefit
is so "shared." Consider the charge that banks pay to obtain
FDIC Deposit Insurance. See supra, at 14. The banks ben-
efit from that insurance (it helps them attract money and
prevents bank runs). So maybe the charge looks like a fee?
But then again, depositors also benefit (because the insur-
ance protects their money) and so does the wider public (be-
cause everyone gains from having a stable banking system).
So maybe the charge instead looks like a tax? Or take an-
other example: the OCC's assessments on banks. See ibid.
Are they fees because a bank must pay them to hold an
OCC-issued charter? Or are they taxes because the OCC
uses the funds collected for regulatory programs benefiting
the public? Consumers' Research does not know. See Tr. of
Oral Arg. 134 (describing the OCC statute as "kind of on the

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
whether the charge at issue was numeric -- a feature that Skinner's treat-
ment of the purported fee/tax distinction never thought to mention.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

line," "tough," and "maybe... questionable").5
Or finally and most relevantly: What category do carriers'
contributions belong in? Universal service is of course a
public benefit. But carriers gain in tangible ways from hav-
ing an all-inclusive network, and they often receive direct
subsidies from the FCC's universal-service programs. For
those reasons, the carriers' main trade associations view
the contributions as fees. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 76, 80. The
Government, by contrast, sees "genuine ambiguity" on the
issue, but "assum[es]" they are taxes. Id., at 52 -- 53. It is a
good thing for the state of the law that we do not have to
decide between the two, in this case or others raising a del-
egation challenge.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The dissent responds by replacing the test from NCTA -- our leading

case on the subject -- with a different one, which asks as well whether a
charge is for a cost imposed by the payor. Post, at 29. That alternative
test, the dissent promises, reveals that all the financial charges we have
discussed are fees, whereas universal-service contributions are taxes.
But even spotting the dissent its preferred test, the guaranteed clarity
fails to emerge. Take the dissent's description of the OCC's assessments:
They are fees because they "offset the costs the OCC incurs in fulfilling
its statutory mandate to supervise, regulate, and charter national
banks." Post, at 27,. Yet much the same can be said of universal-
service contributions: They pay for the costs of the programs the FCC is
mandated by statute to implement. Or similarly, consider the dissent's
description of Federal Reserve levies: They are fees because they pay for
"regulatory costs," rather than providing general Government revenues.
Ibid. But again, that is also what carriers' contributions do, in funding
the costs of universal-service regulatory programs. So the dissent's new
test does not much clear away the mire.
6 The dissent's case for characterizing contributions as taxes only un-

derscores the difficulty. Carriers, the dissent first says, "do not gain any
special benefit" from the contributions they make. Post, at 29. But as
just noted, that would be news to the carriers: Although they pay the bill,
they are lined up here to defend universal service, because (in their law-
yer's words) they "benefit quite considerably" from the program. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 76. So next the dissent tries this one: The statutory scheme
creates a tax because it "takes money from some (carriers) and gives it to
others (libraries, schools, and the like)." Post, at 29 -- 30. But again, car-
riers both give and receive; the program, as it has from its beginnings,
18 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

And yet a greater problem inheres in the shared position
of Consumers' Research and the dissent: Whatever it ap-
plies to (just taxes or fees as well), its focus on numeric lim-
its produces absurd results, divorced from any reasonable
understanding of constitutional values. Under that view, a
revenue-raising statute containing non-numeric, qualita-
tive standards can never pass muster, no matter how much
guidance those standards provide and how tight the con-
straints they impose. But a revenue-raising statute with a
numeric limit will always pass muster, even if it effectively
leaves an agency with boundless power. Consider a hypo-
thetical raised at oral argument: Congress tells the FCC it
can demand payments from carriers of any amount it wants
up to $5 trillion. (The actual cost of universal service is, of
course, a tiny fraction of that amount.) According to Con-
sumers' Research, that statute is permissible because...
well, because Congress has set the $5 trillion figure. See
id., at 124 ("[T]hen we would know that Congress itself has
made that determination"); see id., at 123 -- 127; Brief for Re-
spondents 5, 63, 66; see also post, at 34 -- 35. But so what?
The purpose of the nondelegation doctrine is to enforce lim-
its on the "degree of policy judgment that can be left to those
executing or applying the law." Mistretta v. United States,
(1989) (Scalia, J., dissenting). The any-
where-up-to-$5-trillion tax statute would not do that,
whereas a statute with qualitative limits well might. In ap-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
reallocates money among them. See supra, at 3 -- 4. And even putting
that fact aside, the dissent's test would turn some things it labels fees
into taxes. Consider FDIC insurance charges: They are funds the FDIC
takes from some (banks) and gives to others (depositors of failed banks).
See post, at 26, 29, 30,. The dissent asserts in response that the
FDIC's redistribution is different because "[t]he FDIC program is an in-
surance plan." Post, at 30,. But in proposing yet one more distinc-
tion to get everything lined up right, the dissent unwittingly proves the
point: The fee/tax distinction is a difficult one, and Skinner was right not
to make the nondelegation inquiry ride on it.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

proving the former and precluding the latter, the Consum-
ers' Research approach does nothing to vindicate the non-
delegation doctrine or, more broadly, the separation of pow-
ers.
B
We therefore return to the usual intelligible-principle
test to decide whether the universal-service contribution
scheme violates the Constitution's nondelegation rule. The
question is, again, whether Section 254 adequately guides
the FCC in requiring contributions from carriers -- whether
it expresses the "general policy" the FCC must pursue in
setting contribution amounts, as well as the "boundaries" it
cannot cross. American Power & Light, 329 U. S., at 105.
Here, that inquiry into the nature of the FCC's discretion
involves what turn out to be two closely related questions.
First, how much money can the FCC raise through contri-
butions? And second, on what things can it spend those
funds? We consider each in turn, and find that Congress
answered both. Congress, that is, imposed ascertainable
and meaningful guideposts for the FCC to follow when car-
rying out its delegated function of collecting and spending
contributions from carriers.
1
As Consumers' Research notes, Section 254 imposes no
quantitative but only qualitative limits on how much
money the FCC can raise from carriers for universal ser-
vice. There is not a number or a rate in sight. Instead, the
statute directs the FCC to collect the amount that is "suffi-
cient" to support the universal-service programs Congress
has told it to implement. (5), (d), (e). That lan-
guage replicates or resembles the statutory terms Congress
has used in other revenue-raising statutes, as described
above. See supra, at 14; see, e.g., 12 U. S. C. (instruct-
20 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

ing the Federal Reserve Board to levy on banks "an assess-
ment sufficient to pay its estimated expenses").
Consumers' Research argues that, even under our usual
nondelegation test, the term "sufficient" does not do
enough. That is because, in the Consumers' Research view,
it sets only "a floor -- not a ceiling -- on the FCC's revenue-
raising power." Brief for Respondents 56. Or to put the
point differently, Consumers' Research thinks that the stat-
ute gives the FCC power, all on its own, to raise our hypo-
thetical $5 trillion. See supra, at 18 -- 19. And not unrea-
sonably, it thinks that would pose a constitutional problem.
But in fact the word "sufficient" sets a floor and a ceiling
alike. An amount of money is "sufficient" for a purpose if it
is "[a]dequate" or "necessary" to achieve that purpose.
Black's Law Dictionary 1447 (7th ed. 1999). That means, of
course, that the FCC cannot raise less than is adequate or
necessary to finance the universal-service programs Con-
gress wants. But it also means that the FCC cannot raise
more than that amount. Were the FCC to raise, say, twice
as much as needed, the revenue would not be "sufficient"
but instead excessive. Cf. Whitman, 531 U. S., at 475 -- 476
(similarly understanding the term "requisite" to mean "not
lower or higher than is necessary"). Take another hypothet-
ical from oral argument. If you told a friend to order a "suf-
ficient" amount of food for five people and 500 boxes of pizza
showed up at your house, you would not think he had fol-
lowed instructions. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 135. So too with
Congress and the Commission. Budgeting, to be sure, is not
an exact science, so in one quarter the Commission may col-
lect a bit more than it needs and in another a bit less. See
47 CFR.709(b), (c) (telling the Administrator that if it
collects "excess" or "inadequate" funds in a given quarter, it
should compensate in the next one). But the Commission's
mandate is to raise what it takes to pay for universal-ser-
vice programs; if the Commission raises much beyond, as if
it raises much below, it violates the statute.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

And the Commission has long viewed the statute in just
that way. For many years, the Commission has construed
the sufficient-funding directive to call for raising "an afford-
able and sustainable amount of support that is adequate,
but no greater than necessary, to achieve the goals of the
universal service program." In re High-Cost Universal
Serv. Support, 25 FCC Rcd. 4072, 4074 (2010); see Tr. of
Oral Arg. 4 (Solicitor General explaining that Congress has
authorized the FCC to collect "only what's sufficient to
achieve universal service, so no more than needed to sup-
port specified programs"). The Commission, in other words,
sets the contribution factor to raise just enough money -- a
"sufficient" amount -- to implement universal service as
Congress directed.
2
To say that much, though, takes us only halfway, because
it raises the question: Sufficient for what? If Section 254's
universal-service program is itself indeterminate -- so that
the FCC can turn it into anything the FCC wants -- then the
"sufficiency" ceiling will do no serious work. The FCC could
operate -- and collect contributions "sufficient" for -- either
the most barebones or the most extravagant program. But
if Congress has given appropriate guidance about the na-
ture and content of universal service, then that plus the
"sufficiency" ceiling will defeat this challenge to the contri-
bution system. For Congress will have provided intelligible
principles to guide the FCC as it raises funds.
On this further, "for what" question, our nondelegation
precedents provide context -- showing what kinds of statu-
tory schemes have passed, and what kinds have failed, the
demand that Congress give adequate guidance. Those that
have failed are fewer in number -- in fact, only two -- but of-
fer object lessons about the amount of latitude Congress can
confer. In one case, the statute empowered the President
22 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

to bar the transport of petroleum products while "estab-
lish[ing] no criterion" and "declar[ing] no policy" for
whether, when, or how he should do so. Panama Refining
Co. v. Ryan, (1935). The statute in the
second case was even worse. It authorized the President to
approve "codes of fair competition" for "the government of
trade and industry throughout the country," yet imposed
"few restrictions" and "set up no standards" aside from a
"statement of the general aims of rehabilitat[ing], cor-
rect[ing,] and expand[ing]" the economy. A. L. A. Schechter
Poultry Corp. v. United States, -- 522, 541 -- 
542 (1935). The law thus gave the President "virtually un-
fettered" authority to govern the Nation's trades and indus-
tries. Id., at 542.
At the same time, we have found intelligible principles in
a host of statutes giving agencies significant discretion. So,
for example, we upheld a provision enabling an agency to
set air quality standards at levels "requisite to protect the
public health." Whitman, 531 U. S., at 472. We sustained
a delegation to an agency to ensure that corporate struc-
tures did not "unfairly or inequitably distribute voting
power" among security holders. American Power & Light,
329 U. S., at 104. And we affirmed authorizations to regu-
late in the "public interest" and to set "just and reasonable"
rates, because we thought the discretion given was not un-
bridled. See, e.g., National Broadcasting Co. v. United
States, -- 226 (1943); FPC v. Hope Natural
Gas Co., (1944); see supra, at 3. Of
course, our cases did not examine those statutory phrases
in isolation but instead looked to the broader statutory con-
texts, which informed their interpretation and supplied the
content necessary to satisfy the intelligible-principle test.
See, e.g., National Broadcasting, 319 U. S., at 226 ("It is a
mistaken assumption" that the phrase "public interest" is
"a mere general reference to public welfare without any
standard to guide determinations"; rather, "[t]he purpose of
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

the Act, the requirements it imposes, and the context of the
provision in question show the contrary"); see also infra, at
29.
Section 254, for its part, provides the FCC with determi-
nate standards for operating the universal-service pro-
gram. The statute makes clear whom the program is in-
tended to serve: those in rural and other high-cost areas
(with a special nod to rural hospitals), low-income consum-
ers, and schools and libraries. See (3), (6), (h)(1);
see supra, at 4 -- 6. And in provisions defining universal ser-
vice and stating the program's core "principles," the statute
provides specific criteria for which services those statutory
beneficiaries should receive., (c)(1). In deciding
whether a service falls within the program's ambit, the FCC
must consider whether the service has "been subscribed to
by a substantial majority of residential customers."
(1)(B). If that objective criterion is not met, the FCC
generally may not subsidize the service. So too, the service
must be one that can be made available to all consumers in
all regions at "reasonable and affordable rates" -- so more
a basic than a budget-busting good. (1), (3).7 And
still more, the service must be "essential to education, pub-
lic health, or public safety" -- a necessity, not a luxury, in
order to live in the world. (1)(A). The conditions,
each alone and together, have bite, creating a bounded pro-
gram. Section 254 instructs the Commission to provide to
an identified set of recipients a defined sort of benefit -- 
widely used, generally affordable, and essential telecommu-
nications services.
That limited conception of universal service is rooted in
its history -- except that the new statute, as compared with
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Of course, if a subsidy were high enough, even a luxury service could

be provided to the Act's beneficiaries at an "affordable" rate. But that
would require setting contributions so high as to interfere with carriers'
ability to provide other services, to other customers, affordably. The af-
fordability principle precludes that result. See (1), (3).
24 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

the old, holds the FCC to more specific requirements. As
earlier explained, the 1934 Act charged the FCC with pur-
suing universal service -- that is, with making available to
all Americans telecommunications services "at reasonable
charges.". As then understood, that objective did not
reach for the stars: Though quite important, it was also "rel-
atively modest." Benjamin, Telecommunications Law and
Policy.2, at 863. The idea was to "reduc[e] the costs of
basic telephone service and, in that way, increas[e] national
subscribership." Ibid. By the time of the 1996 amend-
ments, though, new telecommunications technologies and
services had emerged. And so Congress enabled the FCC,
in carrying out universal-service programs, to do more. See
id., at 863 -- 864; see, e.g., (6), (h)(1). But still the
statute's policy was a circumscribed one: to provide to all
(especially, the rural and poor) the services that most al-
ready had, if those services were both necessary and afford-
able. The key difference between the original statute and
the amended one is a matter of means, and on that score,
the latter provides far greater congressional guidance. Un-
der the 1934 Act, the FCC gave implicit (and often obscure)
subsidies under its general (i.e., "just and reasonable") rate-
making authority. See supra, at 3; see also post, at 3 (ex-
plaining that in the pre-1996 regime, "[r]egulators manipu-
lated rates" to fund universal service). Under the 1996 Act,
the FCC gives explicit (and transparent) subsidies in accord
with the detailed criteria described above. See supra, at 4,
23. So today, when the FCC carries out Congress's century-
old commitment to universal service, the statutory policy is
clear and the statutory boundaries specific.
The proof is in the pudding: Each of the four programs
the FCC now operates under Section 254 reflects Congress's
choices about universal service's scope and content. The
Lifeline program, which began under the original Act, ad-
vances a basic commitment. Now codified, it helps make
phone service affordable to all Americans by providing a
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

Opinion of the Court

modest monthly subsidy. See ; 47 CFR.400 -- 
54.424; supra, at 4, 6. The High Cost program similarly
implements a longstanding principle -- to integrate rural
communities into the Nation's communications network.
See ;.302 -- 54.322; supra, at 3 -- 4, 6. And it does so
now in accordance with the statutory directive to ensure
that rural and other high-cost areas have access to roughly
the same needed services, at the same affordable prices, as
urban areas do. (3). The Commission's other two
programs, E-Rate and Rural Health, are of a piece. Specif-
ically authorized in the amended Act, they underwrite ser-
vices essential to education and healthcare, with a focus on
underserved populations. (1);.500 -- 54.523,
54.600 -- 54.633; supra, at 6 -- 7. Not one of those important
but decidedly ordinary programs suggests an agency vested
with unbridled discretion. Each provides communications
services satisfying the Act's listed criteria to the Act's iden-
tified beneficiaries. And maybe surprisingly (given what
we are used to when it comes to government programs),
they have done so at roughly constant inflation-adjusted
dollars. Compare USAC, 2000 Annual Report 5 (charging
carriers $7.4 billion in 1999 when so adjusted), with USAC,
2024 Annual Report 18 (charging carriers $8.4 billion in
2024).8 That is because in the amended Act, Congress made
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The dissent's more dramatic figures rely on using the wrong baseline

year -- 1998 instead of 1999. According to the dissent: "In 1998, univer-
sal-service disbursements totaled about $2.29 billion" whereas in 2024
they were about $8.59 billion -- "nearly double, adjusted for inflation."
Post, at 9, 17. But that is because in 1998, some of the new statute's
universal-service programs were just getting off the ground. The Rural
Health program, for example, did not even begin accepting applications
for funding until May of that year. USAC, 1999 Annual Report 6. The
right benchmark instead comes from the next year, when the programs
Congress authorized were up and running. Only after that point can the
increase in costs provide information about whether Congress ade-
quately guided the FCC's discretion -- or instead allowed the FCC to run
rampant -- going forward.
26 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

clear the parameters of the programs, and the FCC has op-
erated within them.9
Consumers' Research and the dissent tell a different
story -- that the Act gives the FCC boundless authority -- 
but the provisions they point to show nothing of the kind.
They first pluck out a few words to argue that the criteria
for subsidizing services, described above, are not "real
limit[s]." Brief for Respondents 55; supra, at 23. On afford-
ability, both contend that because Section 254(b) states that
services "should" -- rather than "shall" -- be made available
at "reasonable and affordable rates," there is in fact no
such requirement. Brief for Respondents 47 -- 48; see post,
at 20 -- 21. But that reading starts in the middle. The pro-
vision, starting from the start, says that the FCC "shall"
base all universal-service policies on the principle (among
others) that services "should be available" at "reasonable
and affordable rates." (1). The mandatory "shall"
requires the FCC to follow the affordability principle -- 
which means providing all services at "reasonable and af-
fordable rates." And similarly as to whether a service is
widely used and essential. Per Consumers' Research and
the dissent, Section 254(c)(1) says only that the FCC must
"consider" those criteria and thus establishes no more than
a "weak procedural requirement." Brief for Respondents
54; see post, at 6 -- 7, 19 -- 22. But the list of criteria the FCC
"shall" consider resides in the very "definition" of the "ser-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 Two provisions of Section 254 authorize the FCC to fund "advanced"

and "additional" services. (3), (h)(2); see post, at 7, 17, 23 -- 24.
We have no occasion to address any nondelegation issues raised by Sec-
tions 254(c)(3) and (h)(2) in particular. Consumers' Research does not
argue that Sections 254(c)(3) and (h)(2) are unconstitutional, and it does
not advance any arguments that are specific to those provisions. Instead,
it argues that the contribution scheme generally is unconstitutional, and
that the contribution factor should be set to zero. The Fifth Circuit
adopted that view as well, and to decide this case, we need say no more
than that those conclusions are wrong.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

Opinion of the Court

vices" it can subsidize. (1). The statute, read sensi-
bly, does not tell the FCC to muse on those criteria before
developing its own. Rather, it tells the FCC to "consider,"
as to any given service, whether it satisfies the listed crite-
ria (and therefore can be subsidized). And that is, indeed,
how the Solicitor General, representing the FCC, under-
stands the provision. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 10, 27 -- 29, 177 -- 
178.
The dissent therefore fails in its related claim that the
FCC can balance different universal-service criteria
against each other -- so, for example, fund a service because
it is "essential to education" even though it has not been
adopted "by a substantial majority" of customers. Post, at
6 -- 7; see post, at 18 -- 19; supra, at 23. Again, the Solicitor
General has represented in this Court that each of the cri-
teria has to be met. Tr. of Oral Arg. 10, 27 -- 29, 177 -- 178. In
any event, and yet more important, we must "exercise [our]
independent judgment in deciding" what power Congress
has conferred. Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, (2024). And for all the reasons given above,
we view the statutory criteria -- which, contra the dissent,
post, at 18, define universal service -- as separately manda-
tory. See (1); supra, at 23, 26 -- 27. Of course, the
Commission may still have to strike balances in addressing
those criteria, along with the statute's other provisions. It
may, for example, have to decide whether to make a service
more affordable (by giving a larger subsidy) or instead ex-
tend it to a broader swathe of recipients. But that kind of
discretion -- balancing or no -- does not raise a constitutional
problem: A "degree of policy judgment," as we have ex-
plained, "can be left to those executing or applying the law."
Whitman, 531 U. S., at 474 -- 475.
We likewise see no constitutional issue in Section
254(c)(1)'s description of universal service as an "evolving
level of telecommunications services that the Commission
28 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

shall establish periodically" in light of "advances in telecom-
munications and information" services. According to Con-
sumers' Research and the dissent, that language enables
the FCC to "redefine universal service" over time as it and
only it "sees fit." Brief for Respondents 8, 54; see post, at
18. But Congress's statement that universal service should
"evolve" is itself a direction -- and a near-inevitable one,
given the reality of technological change. If universal ser-
vice did not evolve -- if Congress had defined it as, say, a
landline in every home (or, as the dissent would have it,
"touch-tone [phone] service," post, at 19) -- the program
would have long since become obsolete. The Act's embrace
of evolution -- the permission it gives the FCC to subsidize
different services now than 30 years ago -- ensures that the
universal-service program will be of enduring utility. But
that conferral of discretion does not strip the statute of
standards and constraints. The Commission still may fund
only essential, widely used, and affordable services, for the
benefit of only designated recipients. See supra, at 23. So
Congress has ensured that the Commission will continue to
carry out the same objectives according to the same criteria
and principles, even as it has allowed adaptation to a
changing technological landscape.
Finally, we do not view as Consumers' Research does the
provision in Section 254 enabling the FCC to articulate
"[a]dditional principles," beyond the six listed, to guide its
universal-service programs. (7); see supra, at 6. Re-
call that the added principles are ones the FCC "deter-
mine[s] are necessary and appropriate for the protection of
the public interest, convenience, and necessity and are con-
sistent with this chapter." See supra, at 6. As Consumers'
Research sees it, the FCC can, through devising those prin-
ciples, "rewrite its own authority." Brief for Respondents
50 (capitalization altered); see post, at 18. But that is not
so because, again, the added principles must be "consistent
with" the rest of the statute. They cannot change any of the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

Opinion of the Court

statute's other principles, much less its conditions on what
subsidies can go toward and who can receive them. The
new principles can only operate, within those statutory pa-
rameters, to further channel the FCC's discretion. So they
are a way to superimpose self-restraint on congressional re-
straint, which is hardly improper. And the provision's
broadly framed reference to the "public interest" suggests
nothing to the contrary. The public-interest requirement
lies on top of the consistency requirement -- connected with
an "and," not an "or" -- and anyway is complementary to it.
For we have long held that "the words 'public interest' in a
regulatory statute" do not encompass "the general public
welfare" but rather "take meaning from the purposes of the
regulatory legislation." NAACP v. FPC, 
(1976); see New York Central Securities Corp. v. United
States, -- 25 (1932); see supra, at 22 -- 23. So
the whole of the "[a]dditional principles" provision supplies
a means of further implementing, rather than dispensing
with, Congress's instructions.
In a sense, each of the arguments Consumers' Research
and the dissent make about Section 254 suffers from the
same flaw. At every turn, they read Section 254 extrava-
gantly, the better to create a constitutional problem. As
earlier seen, "sufficient" means to Consumers' Research as
much as the FCC wants, a floor without a ceiling. See su-
pra, at 20. The statute's mandatory conditions on funding
services are instead mere suggestions, for the FCC to ob-
serve or not as it chooses. See supra, at 26 -- 27. The phrase
"evolving level" of service licenses the FCC to create a whole
new program, unhindered by the statute's existing stand-
ards and boundaries. See supra, at 27 -- 28. And the possi-
bility of "[a]dditional principles" coming from the FCC
somehow subverts the limiting principles Congress put on
the FCC, so that everything about universal service is up
for grabs. See supra, at 28 -- 29. All in all, the arguments do
not show statutory construction at its best. Nor, relatedly,
30 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

do they show proper respect for a coordinate branch of Gov-
ernment. Statutes (including regulatory statutes) should
be read, if possible, to comport with the Constitution, not to
contradict it. See, e.g., Ashwander v. TVA, (1936) (Brandeis, J., concurring); Industrial Union
Dept., AFL -- CIO v. American Petroleum Institute, (1980) (plurality opinion); West Virginia v. EPA,
-- 723 (2022). That disposition nowhere
appears in the efforts Consumers' Research and the dissent
make to force Section 254 past the Constitution's breaking
point.
Properly understood, the universal-service contribution
scheme clears the nondelegation bar. The policy it ex-
presses is clear and limiting. If, says the statute, a substan-
tial majority of Americans has access to a communications
service that is both affordable and essential to modern life,
then other Americans should have access to that service too.
And to make that happen, the statute continues, carriers
should kick in the needed funds. At bottom, that is all the
contribution scheme challenged here accomplishes.
Through that statutory mechanism, the FCC raises suffi-
cient funds (neither more nor less than needed) to bring to
underserved Americans, mainly in rural and low-income
communities, a bounded and commonplace set of communi-
cations services. The FCC no doubt exercises significant
discretion in carrying out that charge. But it is discretion
tethered to legislative judgments about the scope and con-
tent of the universal-service program. And so the main del-
egation at issue here, from Congress to the Commission,
does not offend the Constitution.
III
The next question Consumers' Research raises is whether
a different delegation, now from the Commission to the Ad-
ministrator (which, recall, is a private, not-for-profit corpo-
ration), independently flouts a constitutional command.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

Opinion of the Court

Here, Consumers' Research invokes what is commonly
called the private nondelegation doctrine. See Brief for Re-
spondents 74 -- 75. In the leading case of Carter v. Carter
Coal Co., -- 311 (1936), this Court struck
down a statute authorizing certain coal producers to set
maximum hours and minimum wages for the rest of the in-
dustry. We explained that the statute involved "delegation
in its most obnoxious form" because it was made to "private
persons whose interests" are often "adverse to the interests
of others." Id., at 311; see Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at
537. Consumers' Research contends that the FCC has in
like manner conferred governmental power on a private
party, by (in its description) giving the Administrator carte
blanche to set the contribution factor, which then deter-
mines what individual carriers pay into the Fund. See Brief
for Respondents 3 -- 4, 75; supra, at 7 -- 8.
Carter Coal, though, has a counterpart case, addressing
how Government agencies may rely on advice and assis-
tance from private actors. In Sunshine Anthracite Coal Co.
v. Adkins, (1940), this Court considered
a statute, enacted in response to Carter Coal, permitting
boards of coal companies to propose minimum coal prices to
a Government agency for "approv[al], disapprov[al], or mod-
ifi[cation]." That arrangement, we held, was "unquestiona-
bly valid." 310 U. S., at 399. After all, we explained, the
private boards "function[ed] subordinately to" the agency
and were subject to its "authority and surveillance." Ibid.
As long as an agency thus retains decision-making power,
it may enlist private parties to give it recommendations.
Here, the Administrator is broadly subordinate to the
Commission. The FCC appoints the Administrator's Board
of Directors and approves its budget. See 47 CFR.703(b) -- (c), 54.715(c). The Administrator "may not
make policy," and must carry out all its tasks "consistent
with" the FCC's rules, "orders, written directives, and other
instructions.".702(c); Memorandum of Understanding
32 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

Between the Federal Communications Commission and the
Universal Service Administrative Company 2 (Oct. 17,
2024) (Memorandum of Understanding). And anyone ag-
grieved by an action of the Administrator may seek de novo
review by the Commission..719 -- 54.725. So in the re-
lationship between the two, the Commission dominates.
And critically, that is as true in determining the contri-
bution factor as in other matters: Although the Administra-
tor plays an advisory role, the Commission alone has deci-
sion-making authority. Recall that each quarter's
contribution factor is a function of the carriers' projected
revenues and the Fund's projected expenses. See supra, at
7. The Administrator makes the initial projections. On the
revenue side, that means just doing arithmetic: The carri-
ers submit their projections on FCC forms and the Admin-
istrator adds them up. See.709(a)(2) -- (3), 54.711(a).
On the expense side, the Administrator's estimates involve
considerably greater effort -- but still no policy-making. The
FCC's rules implementing the Act dictate the programs'
scope: For example, they set eligibility criteria for benefi-
ciaries, provide formulas for calculating subsidies, and im-
pose some funding caps. See, e.g.,.410, 54.507, 54.604 -- 
54.606.10 Working within those rules, the Administrator es-
timates the programs' cost. It then publicly reports those
projections, along with supporting documents, to the Com-
mission -- on the revenue side, at least 30 days before a
quarter starts, on the expense side, at least 60. See.709(a)(3). That gives the Commission a chance to re-
view -- and, if needed, to revise -- the projections before ap-
proving final figures. See ibid. When the review process is
complete, the Commission sets the contribution factor and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 If anything in the rules, or the Act itself, is "unclear, or do[es] not

address a particular situation, the Administrator shall seek guidance
from the Commission." 47 CFR.702(c). So if the Administrator con-
fronts an unsettled issue as it makes projections, it must ask the Com-
mission rather than resolve the problem itself.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

Opinion of the Court

posts it in a public notice. See ibid. The Commission then
has 14 days to make additional changes before the factor is
"deemed approved." Ibid. So the Commission is, through-
out, the final authority -- just as the agency was in Sunshine
Anthracite. The Administrator, following the FCC's rules,
makes recommendations. But the Commission decides
whether or how to use them in setting the contribution fac-
tor.
In contending otherwise, Consumers' Research misun-
derstands the regulatory scheme. Its primary argument
rests on the words "deemed approved" in the FCC's regula-
tions. Consumers' Research takes that to mean that the
Administrator's projections can "take legal effect" just by
the "deem[ing]" mechanism -- that is, without receiving "for-
mal FCC approval." Brief for Respondents 80. But that
account ignores everything that happens before the 14-day
period following public notice. Prior to that time, the Com-
mission reviews the Administrator's projections, and either
revises or approves them. Then, the Commission sets the
contribution factor based on the vetted projections and is-
sues it to the public. So the Administrator's projections can
have only the legal (or, indeed, practical) effect the Commis-
sion decides they should. Not the Administrator, but the
Commission endorses final projections, converts them into
a contribution factor, and formally promulgates them. At
the end of all that action, the "deemed approved" provision
just operates to shut off an additional two-week opportunity
the Commission has to revise the published contribution
factor -- because something (including public comments like
Consumers' Research submitted) has caused it to change its
mind. That provision does nothing to negate the Commis-
sion decision-making that has already taken place.
The alternative argument Consumers' Research makes
does not fare any better. Here, Consumers' Research ap-
pears to concede that the FCC approves the projections go-
ing into the contribution factor; the problem instead is that
34 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

the approval is too often automatic -- simply "rubber-
stamp[ing]." Id., at 82. But the relevant legal question is
not how often the FCC revises the Administrator's projec-
tions, just as in Sunshine Anthracite it was not how often
the agency rejected the coal companies' pricing advice. It is
sufficient in such schemes that the private party's recom-
mendations (as is true here) cannot go into effect without
an agency's say-so, regardless of how freely given. See 310
U. S., at 399. This case suggests at least one reason why:
It may not be clear what the ratio of approvals to rejections
actually means. On the view of Consumers' Research, the
infrequency with which the Commission changes the Ad-
ministrator's publicly submitted projections shows that it
simply is not paying attention. But an amicus brief submit-
ted by former FCC Commissioners offers an alternative ex-
planation -- that the Administrator "informally shares its
projections" with the Commission before it publicly submits
them, so that much of the discussion between the two occurs
behind the scenes. See Brief for Bipartisan Former Com-
missioners of the FCC as Amici Curiae 11; see also Memo-
randum of Understanding 7 (establishing that informal
procedure). And yet a third account might suggest that the
absence of frequent dispute reflects the limited role the Ad-
ministrator performs in estimating the expenses of pro-
grams whose contours FCC regulations precisely define.
See supra, at 32 -- 33. The explanation, that is, would lie in
the narrow scope of the assignment the FCC has given to
the Administrator.
So the Commission's transfer of accounting functions to
the Administrator offers no reason for holding the univer-
sal-service contribution scheme invalid. In every way that
matters to the constitutional inquiry, the Commission, not
the Administrator, is in control.
IV
Consumers' Research almost wholly ignores the basis of
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

Opinion of the Court

the decision below: that the "combination" of Congress's
grant of authority to the FCC and the FCC's reliance on the
Administrator for financial projections violates the Consti-
tution, even if neither one does so alone. See 109 F. 4th, at
778 (emphasis in original). But because that theory ac-
counts for the decision we are reviewing, we cannot close
without addressing it briefly.
The Fifth Circuit, as noted earlier, founded its combina-
tion theory -- that a constitutional non-violation plus a con-
stitutional non-violation may equal a constitutional viola-
tion -- on this Court's decision in Free Enterprise Fund. See
supra, at 9. There, we struck down a statute because it gave
an executive officer two "layers of protection" from the Pres-
ident's removal authority: The President was "restricted in
his ability to remove a principal officer, who [was] in turn
restricted in his ability to remove an inferior officer." 561
U. S., at 483 -- 484. Even granting that each layer of good-
cause protection was alone permissible, we thought the
combination was too much. The two together, more than
either alone, insulated the officer from the President's fir-
ing power, thus super-charging the officer's "independ-
ence." Id., at 496. That holding, in the Fifth Circuit's view,
gave rise to a "general principle": "[T]wo constitutional
parts do not necessarily add up to a constitutional whole."
109 F. 4th, at 779. And the court thought that principle
applied here. Even if Congress lawfully conferred discre-
tion on the Commission and the Commission lawfully
sought assistance from the Administrator, the combination
was both "unprecedented" and "incompatible" with "demo-
cratic accountability." Id., at 779, 783 -- 784. So what the
Fifth Circuit called "the universal service contribution
mechanism's double-layered delegation" had to go. Id., at
784.
But the court's analogy and associated logic do not work.
In Free Enterprise Fund, each of the two layers of for-cause
protection limited the same thing -- the President's power to
36 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

Opinion of the Court

remove executive officers. And when combined, each com-
pounded the other's effect, so that the President was left
with no real authority. Or otherwise said, the two layers of
restrictions operated on a single axis with the one exacer-
bating (we thought exponentially) the other. But that rea-
soning has no bearing here. A law violates the traditional
(or call it, for comparison's sake, "public") nondelegation
doctrine when it authorizes an agency to legislate. And a
law -- whether a statute or, as here, a regulation -- violates
the private nondelegation doctrine when it allows non-gov-
ernmental entities to govern. Those doctrines do not oper-
ate on the same axis (save if it is defined impossibly
broadly). So a measure implicating (but not violating) one
does not compound a measure implicating (but not violat-
ing) the other, in a way that pushes the combination over a
constitutional line. "Two wrong claims do not make one
that is right." Pacific Bell Telephone Co. v. linkLine Com-
munications, Inc., (2009). If a regulatory
scheme authorizes neither executive legislation nor private
governance, it does not somehow authorize an unlawful
amalgam. Contra the Fifth Circuit, a meritless public non-
delegation challenge plus a meritless private nondelegation
challenge cannot equal a meritorious "combination" claim.
And indeed Sunshine Anthracite as well as said so before.
As earlier noted, that case involved a private nondelegation
challenge -- that a board of coal companies advising an
agency played too great a role in setting industry prices.
See 310 U. S., at 399; supra, at 31. In addition, the case
involved a public nondelegation challenge -- that even the
agency could not set prices because Congress had failed to
provide it with sufficient guidance. See 310 U. S., at 397 -- 
399. The Court discussed and rejected the one challenge;
and then it discussed and rejected the other. See ibid. And
then the Court stopped. It did not think some further "com-
bination" analysis was required. That was because (1) an
executive agency exercising only executive power, plus (2) a
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 37

Opinion of the Court

private entity exercising no government power (but merely
giving advice) equals (3) a permissible constitutional ar-
rangement.
V
When Congress amended the Communications Act in
1996, it provided the Commission with clear guidance on
how to promote universal service using carrier contribu-
tions. Congress laid out the "general policy" to be achieved,
the "principle[s]" and standards the FCC must use in pur-
suing that policy, and the "boundaries" the FCC may not
cross. J. W. Hampton, 276 U. S., at 409; American Power &
Light, 329 U. S., at 105. Our precedents do not require
more. Nor do they prevent the Commission, in carrying out
Congress's policy, from obtaining the Administrator's assis-
tance in projecting revenues and expenses, so that carriers
pay the needed amount. For nearly three decades, the work
of Congress and the Commission in establishing universal-
service programs has led to a more fully connected country.
And it has done so while leaving fully intact the separation
of powers integral to our Constitution.
We accordingly reverse the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit and remand for further proceed-
ings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 24 -- 354 and 24 -- 422
_________________

FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION, ET AL.,
PETITIONERS
24 -- 354 v.
CONSUMERS' RESEARCH, ET AL.

SCHOOLS, HEALTH & LIBRARIES BROADBAND
COALITION, ET AL., PETITIONERS
24 -- 422 v.
CONSUMERS' RESEARCH, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring.
This case presents a narrow but important nondelegation
question: May Congress authorize the Federal
Communications Commission to determine the monetary
amount "sufficient" to fund certain telecommunications
services, which in turn is the amount that
telecommunications carriers must contribute to the
Universal Service Fund? Applying the longstanding
"intelligible principle" test set forth by this Court's
precedents, the Court today upholds that congressional
delegation to the FCC. See Skinner v. Mid-America
Pipeline Co., (1989); J. W. Hampton, Jr., &
Co. v. United States, (1928).
I join the Court's opinion and write separately to make
two points. First, I will briefly outline what I understand
to be the background and rationale behind the intelligible
principle test that the Court has long used to assess
2 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

congressional delegations of authority to the Executive
Branch. Second, I will explain why congressional
delegations to independent agencies -- as distinct from
delegations to the President and executive agencies -- raise
substantial questions under Article II of the Constitution.
I
A
From the start in 1789, Congress has delegated to the
President the power to exercise discretion and
policymaking authority when implementing legislation.1
Those delegations have been a regular feature of American
Government ever since.2
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In this opinion, I will refer to congressional delegations to the

President, although statutes sometimes delegate to executive officers or
agencies rather than to the President. Those delegations to executive
officers and agencies, in my view, are not analytically distinct for present
purposes from delegations to the President because the President
controls, supervises, and directs those executive officers and agencies.
See Myers v. United States, -- 164 (1926). Delegations to
executive officers and agencies are thus de facto delegations to the
President.
2 Delegations of various kinds began almost immediately after the new

Congress first convened in 1789 -- although, to be sure, the Federal
Government did not regulate private conduct in as many areas or as
extensively as it does today. See, e.g., Act of Sept. 29, 1789, ch. 24, 1 Stat.
95 (directing the payment of military pensions to wounded Revolutionary
War soldiers "under such regulations as the President of the United
States may direct"); Act of Apr. 10, 1790, ch. 7, 1 Stat. 109 -- 110
(authorizing the Secretary of State, Secretary of War, and Attorney
General to issue patents "if they shall deem the invention or discovery
sufficiently useful and important"); Act of July 22, 1790, ch. 33, 1 Stat. 137 (authorizing executive officials to issue licenses "to carry on
any trade or intercourse with the Indian tribes... to any proper person,"
and stipulating that the officials and licensees "shall be governed in all
things touching the said trade and intercourse, by such rules and
regulations as the President shall prescribe"); Act of Feb. 20, 1792, 1 Stat. 234 (granting the Postmaster General discretion to choose among
post roads and means of carrying mail); Act of June 4, 1794, ch. 41, Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

The Court has generally permitted such delegations. As
to the text of the Constitution, the Court has rejected
arguments that the President impermissibly wields
legislative power when exercising discretion or
policymaking authority delegated by Congress. Instead,
the Court has reasoned that the President ordinarily
exercises "executive Power" under Article II when
implementing legislation -- even if he employs discretion or
policymaking authority when doing so and even if the
Executive Branch issues legally binding regulations. See,
e.g., Mistretta v. United States, (1989) ("[R]ulemaking power originates in the Legislative
Branch and becomes an executive function only when
delegated by the Legislature to the Executive Branch"); see
also Loving v. United States, (1996)
(Scalia, J., concurring in part and concurring in judgment)
("What Congress does is to assign responsibilities to the
Executive; and when the Executive undertakes those
assigned responsibilities it acts, not as the 'delegate' of
Congress, but as the agent of the People"); J. Manning, The
Nondelegation Doctrine as a Canon of Avoidance, 2000
S. Ct. Rev. 223, 240, ("The Court apparently believes
that when a statute sets down an intelligible principle, the
agency can be thought of as implementing legislative
directions, rather than exercising legislative authority....
Under that view, the agency is engaged in law 'execution,'

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Stat. 372 (granting the President authority to lay embargoes
"whenever, in his opinion, the public safety shall so require," and "under
such regulations as the circumstances of the case may require"); Act of
May 27, 1796, ch. 31, 1 Stat. 474 (authorizing the President to direct
officers "to aid in the execution of quarantine... in such manner as may
to him appear necessary"); Act of July 9, 1798, 1 Stat. 589
(empowering federal tax commissioners to change property tax
assessments "as shall appear to be just and equitable").
4 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

rather than receiving delegated legislative authority").3
The history of congressional delegations and the Court's
understanding of Article II's text correspond to what the
Court has described as the practicalities of legislative and
executive action. Congress delegates at least in part
because it must adapt legislation to "complex conditions
involving a host of details with which the national
legislature cannot deal directly." A. L. A. Schechter Poultry
Corp. v. United States, (1935); Panama
Refining Co. v. Ryan, (1935). And the
Constitution "has never been regarded as denying to
Congress the necessary resources of flexibility and
practicality." Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at 530; Panama
Refining, 293 U. S., at 421. That flexibility enables
Congress "to perform its function in laying down policies
and establishing standards, while leaving to selected
instrumentalities the making of subordinate rules within
prescribed limits and the determination of facts to which
the policy as declared by the legislature is to apply."
Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at 530; Panama Refining, 293
U. S., at 421. Even when the legislature might want to
legislate more specifically in certain circumstances, a
"certain degree of discretion, and thus of lawmaking,
inheres in most executive... action." Whitman v.
American Trucking Assns., Inc., (2001)
(quotation marks omitted).
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 In INS v. Chadha, the Court similarly explained the point: The

"Attorney General acts in his presumptively Art. II capacity when he
administers the Immigration and Nationality Act. Executive action
under legislatively delegated authority that might resemble 'legislative'
action in some respects is not subject to the approval of both Houses of
Congress and the President for the reason that the Constitution does not
so require. That kind of Executive action is always subject to check by
the terms of the legislation that authorized it; and if that authority is
exceeded it is open to judicial review as well as the power of Congress to
modify or revoke the authority entirely." -- 954, 
(1983).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

Although the Court has ruled that congressional
delegations to the President are permissible as a matter of
constitutional text and history, the Court has not said that
"anything goes" with respect to those delegations. As
JUSTICE GORSUCH rightly says, Congress may not give "the
President or an executive agency a blank check to legislate."
Post, at 12 (dissenting opinion). So "Members of Congress
could not, even if they wished, vote all power to the
President and adjourn sine die." Mistretta, 488 U. S., at 415
(Scalia, J., dissenting). Congress likewise cannot merely
assign the President to take over the legislative role as to a
particular subject matter. See Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S.,
at 537 -- 542; Panama Refining, 293 U. S., at 430. Rather,
the Court has said, any congressional grant of authority
must supply some guidance to the President -- otherwise
the President would no longer be exercising "executive
Power" when implementing legislation.
But the question of where to draw that line can be
difficult: At what point does a broad statutory delegation
transform from (i) a permissible grant of discretion or
policymaking authority for the President to exercise when
implementing legislation into (ii) an impermissible
delegation of legislative power? Justice Scalia phrased the
issue this way: "Once it is conceded, as it must be, that no
statute can be entirely precise, and that some judgments,
even some judgments involving policy considerations, must
be left to the officers executing the law..., the debate over
unconstitutional delegation becomes a debate not over a
point of principle but over a question of degree." Mistretta,
488 U. S., at 415 (dissenting opinion).
To address that question of degree and ensure that the
President is exercising executive power when
implementing legislation, the Court in 1928 adopted the
"intelligible principle" test. In its unanimous opinion in
J. W. Hampton, Jr., & Co. v. United States, the Court
speaking through Chief Justice (and former President) Taft
6 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

stated: "If Congress shall lay down by legislative act an
intelligible principle to which the person or body authorized
to [act] is directed to conform, such legislative action is not
a forbidden delegation of legislative power." (1928). Rather, when implementing
legislation that contains an intelligible principle, the
President is exercising executive power. The inverse is also
true: When Congress grants authority to the President
without an intelligible principle to confine his action,
Congress has impermissibly delegated legislative power,
although the Court has found that to occur only "rarely."
Mistretta, 488 U. S., at 419 (Scalia, J., dissenting).
The intelligible principle test recognizes that "[a]t some
point the responsibilities assigned can become so extensive
and so unconstrained that Congress has in effect delegated
its legislative power." Loving, 517 U. S., at 777 (Scalia, J.,
concurring in part and concurring in judgment). But "until
that point of excess is reached there exists... no
delegation" of legislative power "at all." Ibid.
For 97 years, the intelligible principle test set forth in
J. W. Hampton has formed the foundation of the Court's
nondelegation doctrine. Under the test, as then-Justice
Rehnquist succinctly framed it, Congress may "lay down
the general policy and standards that animate the law,
leaving the agency to refine those standards, 'fill in the
blanks,' or apply the standards to particular cases."
Industrial Union Dept., AFL -- CIO v. American Petroleum
Institute, (1980) (opinion concurring in
judgment).
To be clear, the intelligible principle test is not toothless.
But it does operate in a way that respects the President's
Article II authority to execute the laws -- that is, to exercise
discretion and policymaking authority within the limits set
by Congress and without undue judicial interference. See,
e.g., Whitman, 531 U. S., at 472 -- 476; Youngstown Sheet &
Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952) (Jackson, J.,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

concurring) ("When the President acts pursuant to an
express or implied authorization of Congress, his authority
is at its maximum, for it includes all that he possesses in
his own right plus all that Congress can delegate").
Notably, the intelligible principle test was accepted and
applied over the years by Justice Scalia, Chief Justice
Rehnquist, and Chief Justice Taft -- three jurists who, based
on their Executive Branch experience and judicial
philosophies, deeply appreciated the risks of undue judicial
interference with the operations of the Presidency. See
Whitman, 531 U. S., at 472 -- 476 (Scalia, J., joined by
Rehnquist, C. J., among others); Mistretta, 488 U. S., at
371 -- 379 (majority opinion joined by Rehnquist, C. J.); id.,
at 415 -- 416 (Scalia, J., dissenting); Industrial Union, 448
U. S., at 673 -- 676, 685 -- 686 (Rehnquist, J., concurring in
judgment); J. W. Hampton, 276 U. S., at 409 (Taft, C. J.); cf.
W. Kelley, Justice Scalia, the Nondelegation Doctrine, and
Constitutional Argument, 92 Notre Dame L. Rev. 2107
(2017). The intelligible principle test has had staying
power -- perhaps because of the difficulty of agreeing on a
workable and constitutionally principled alternative, or
because it has been thought that a stricter test could
diminish the President's longstanding Article II authority
to implement legislation.4
In any event, there of course can be difficult questions
about how to apply the intelligible principle test to
particular statutes. See Industrial Union, 448 U. S., at 646
(plurality opinion of Stevens, J.); id., at 685 -- 686

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Presidents of varying policy views and political affiliations have

accepted or advocated in favor of the intelligible principle test. See, e.g.,
Reply Brief for United States 3 -- 6 (Trump); Brief for United States 19 -- 
38 (Biden); Brief for United States in Gundy v. United States, O. T. 2018,
No. 17 -- 6086, pp. 14 -- 22 (Trump); Brief for United States in Whitman v.
American Trucking Assns., Inc., O. T. 2000, No. 99 -- 1257 etc., pp. 21 -- 26
(Clinton); Brief for United States in Mistretta v. United States, O. T.
1988, No. 87 -- 7028 etc., pp. 20 -- 25 (Reagan).
8 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

(Rehnquist, J., concurring in judgment). But I agree with
how the Court has applied the test in this case.
B
I see no need in this case to try to spell out a definitive
guide for applying the intelligible principle test, and it
would probably not be possible to do so anyway. It is
important, however, to emphasize three points.
First, as both the Court and JUSTICE GORSUCH agree,
under the intelligible principle test, "the degree of agency
discretion that is acceptable varies according to the scope of
the power congressionally conferred." Whitman, 531 U. S.,
at 475; see ante, at 11; post, at 12 (dissenting opinion).
Congressional delegations of authority to the President
"must be judged 'according to common sense and the
inherent necessities of the governmental co-ordination.' "
Industrial Union, 448 U. S., at 675 (Rehnquist, J.,
concurring in judgment).
Second, many of the broader structural concerns about
expansive delegations have been substantially mitigated by
this Court's recent case law in related areas -- in particular
(i) the Court's rejection of so-called Chevron deference and
(ii) the Court's application of the major questions canon of
statutory interpretation. Cf. Paul v. United States, 589
U. S. ___ (2019) (statement of KAVANAUGH, J., respecting
denial of certiorari).
To elaborate: Although the nondelegation doctrine's
intelligible principle test has historically not packed much
punch in constricting Congress's authority to delegate, the
President generally must act within the confines set by
Congress when he implements legislation. So the
President's actions when implementing legislation are
constrained -- namely, by the scope of Congress's
authorization and by any restrictions set forth in that
statutory text. See Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

-- 396, 404 (2024).
On top of that, when interpreting a statute and
determining the limits of the statutory text, courts presume
that Congress, in the domestic sphere, has not delegated
authority to the President to issue major rules -- that is,
rules of great political and economic significance -- unless
Congress clearly says as much. See West Virginia v. EPA,
-- 724 (2022). Courts "presume that
Congress intends to make major policy decisions itself, not
leave those decisions to agencies." Id., at 723 (quotation
marks omitted). That major questions canon reflects both
background separation of powers understandings and the
commonsense interpretive maxim that Congress does not
usually "hide elephants in mouseholes" when granting
authority to the President. Whitman, 531 U. S., at 468; see,
e.g., Biden v. Nebraska, -- 506 (2023); FDA
v. Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp., -- 
160 (2000); Industrial Union, 448 U. S., at 645 (plurality
opinion); ICC v. Cincinnati, N. O. & T. P. R. Co., -- 495, 509 (1897).
Third, in the national security and foreign policy realms,
the nondelegation doctrine (whatever its scope with respect
to domestic legislation) appropriately has played an even
more limited role in light of the President's constitutional
responsibilities and independent Article II authority. See
Loving, 517 U. S., at 772 -- 773; Youngstown, 343 U. S., at
636, (Jackson, J., concurring); Zemel v. Rusk, -- 18 (1965); United States v. Curtiss-Wright Export
Corp., -- 322 (1936); Marshall Field & Co.
v. Clark, (1892). In "the area of foreign
affairs, Congress 'must often accord to the President a
degree of discretion and freedom from statutory restriction
which would not be admissible were domestic affairs alone
involved.' " Industrial Union, 448 U. S., at 684 (Rehnquist,
J., concurring in judgment).
10 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

In addition, the major questions canon has not been
applied by this Court in the national security or foreign
policy contexts, because the canon does not reflect ordinary
congressional intent in those areas. On the contrary, the
usual understanding is that Congress intends to give the
President substantial authority and flexibility to protect
America and the American people -- and that Congress
specifies limits on the President when it wants to restrict
Presidential power in those national security and foreign
policy domains. See Youngstown, 343 U. S., at 635 -- 638
(Jackson, J., concurring); see also Hamdi v. Rumsfeld, (2004) (plurality opinion); Dames & Moore v.
Regan, -- 679 (1981); Zemel, 381 U. S., at
8 -- 9; Al -- Bihani v. Obama, 619 F. 3d 1, 38 -- 41, 48 -- 52 (CADC
2010) (Kavanaugh, J., concurring in denial of rehearing en
banc); C. Bradley & J. Goldsmith, Foreign Affairs,
Nondelegation, and the Major Questions Doctrine, 172
U. Pa. L. Rev. 1743, 1789 -- 1801 (2024). The canon does not
translate to those contexts because of the nature of
Presidential decisionmaking in response to ever-changing
national security threats and diplomatic challenges.
Moreover, in those areas, the President possesses at least
some independent constitutional power to act even without
congressional authorization -- that is, in Youngstown
category 2.5
II
Congressional delegations to independent agencies, as
distinct from delegations to the President and executive
agencies, raise substantial Article II issues.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The Youngstown category 2 situation is distinct from the far narrower

set of circumstances where a President can lawfully act even over a
congressional prohibition -- that is, in Youngstown category 3. See
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld, -- 639 (2006) (Kennedy, J.,
concurring in part); Youngstown, 343 U. S., at 637 -- 638, 640 -- 647
(Jackson, J., concurring).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

Critiques of broad congressional delegations sometimes
focus on officials described as "unaccountable bureaucrats."
But that label does not squarely fit delegations to executive
agencies. In those circumstances, the President and his
subordinate executive officials maintain control over the
executive actions undertaken pursuant to a delegation.
And the President is elected by and accountable to all the
American people. See Myers v. United States, (1926).
Rather, the problems with delegations to "unaccountable"
officials primarily arise from delegations to independent
agencies. Independent agencies are headed by officers who
are not removable at will by the President and who thus
operate largely independent of Presidential supervision
and direction. Those independent agency heads are not
elected by the people and are not accountable to the people
for their policy decisions. Unlike executive agencies
supervised and directed by the President, independent
agencies sit uncomfortably at the outer periphery of the
Executive Branch. Although this Court has thus far
allowed such agencies in certain circumstances, they belong
to what has been aptly labeled a "headless Fourth Branch."
Freytag v. Commissioner, (1991) (Scalia,
J., concurring in part and concurring in judgment)
(quotation marks omitted); see Humphrey's Executor v.
United States, -- 629 (1935); see also In re
Aiken Cty., 645 F. 3d 428, 439 -- 446 (CADC 2011)
(Kavanaugh, J., concurring).
This case involves a congressional delegation of authority
to the FCC. The FCC has commonly been viewed as an
independent agency headed by five Commissioners. But at
oral argument in this case, the Government correctly
pointed out that the FCC formally is not an independent
agency because "the FCC does not have statutory for-cause
removal protections" -- in other words, no statutory text
restricts the President's authority to remove FCC
12 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

Commissioners at will. Tr. of Oral Arg. 54. And as the
Government indicated, this Court's usual practice, given
the text and structure of Article II, is not to infer for-cause
removal protections from statutory silence. See Kennedy v.
Braidwood Management, Inc., 606 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025)
( -- 20); Shurtleff v. United States, -- 315 (1903). For those reasons, I tend to agree with the
Government that the FCC, in light of the statutory text,
should not be considered an independent agency.
If the FCC were an independent agency, however, then a
serious Article II delegation problem would arise, in my
view. When Congress delegates authority to the President
or an executive agency, the exercise of that delegated
authority is controlled by the President who was elected by
and is accountable to the people. See Myers, 272 U. S., at
123, 163 -- 164. But when Congress delegates authority to
an independent agency, no democratically elected official is
accountable. Whom do the people blame and hold
responsible for a bad decision or policy adopted by an
independent agency? Such a system of disembodied
independent agencies with enormous power over the
American people and American economy operates in
substantial tension with the principle of democratic
accountability incorporated into the Constitution's text and
structure, as well as historical practice and foundational
Article II precedents. "The Constitution requires that a
President chosen by the entire Nation oversee the execution
of the laws." Free Enterprise Fund v. Public Company
Accounting Oversight Bd., (2010); see
Myers, 272 U. S., at 163 -- 164; see also Morrison v. Olson,
-- 727 (1988) (Scalia, J., dissenting).
There are at least two possible solutions to the problem
caused by congressional delegations of authority to
independent agencies. One is to overrule (or significantly
narrow) Humphrey's Executor so that the heads of all or
most independent agencies are removable at will by the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

President, and thus supervised and directed by the
President. A second option would be to apply a more
stringent version of the nondelegation doctrine to
delegations to independent agencies. For example, to take
one possibility, independent agencies might need to first
submit proposed rules to Congress for approval in the
legislative process before the rules can take effect.
I will not prolong the point here. Congressional
delegations of policymaking authority to independent
agencies raise significant Article II issues. In an
appropriate case, this Court should address that problem.
* * *
As the Court explains, Congress has delegated authority
to the FCC with respect to the Universal Service Fund in
accordance with the longstanding intelligible principle test.
If the FCC were an independent agency, however, the
question would be more difficult. Because that issue is not
presented in this case, I join the Court's opinion in full.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

JACKSON, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 24 -- 354 and 24 -- 422
_________________

FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION, ET AL.,
PETITIONERS
24 -- 354 v.
CONSUMERS' RESEARCH, ET AL.

SCHOOLS, HEALTH & LIBRARIES BROADBAND
COALITION, ET AL., PETITIONERS
24 -- 422 v.
CONSUMERS' RESEARCH, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, concurring.
Respondents in this case have challenged the Federal
Communications Commission's universal-service program
under both the traditional nondelegation doctrine and the
private nondelegation doctrine. The Court properly rejects
both challenges today, and I join the Court's opinion in full.
I write separately to express my skepticism that the private
nondelegation doctrine -- which purports to bar the Govern-
ment from delegating authority to private actors -- is a via-
ble and independent doctrine in the first place. Nothing in
the text of the Constitution appears to support a per se rule
barring private delegations. And recent scholarship high-
lights a similar lack of support for the doctrine in our his-
tory and precedents. See, e.g., A. Volokh, The Myth of the
Federal Private Nondelegation Doctrine, 99 Notre Dame
L. Rev. 203 (2023).
2 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

JACKSON, J., concurring

In today's case, none of the parties addressed these con-
cerns, and the Court had no reason to consider them
sua sponte because respondents' private nondelegation
claim failed on its own terms. But we should tread carefully
before entertaining challenges under this theory in the fu-
ture. "When the Constitution's text does not provide a limit
to a coordinate branch's power, we should not lightly as-
sume that Article III implicitly directs the Judiciary to find
one." Consumer Financial Protection Bureau v. Community
Financial Services Assn. of America, Ltd., (2024) (JACKSON, J., concurring).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 24 -- 354 and 24 -- 422
_________________

FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION, ET AL.,
PETITIONERS
24 -- 354 v.
CONSUMERS' RESEARCH, ET AL.

SCHOOLS, HEALTH & LIBRARIES BROADBAND
COALITION, ET AL., PETITIONERS
24 -- 422 v.
CONSUMERS' RESEARCH, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS and
JUSTICE ALITO join, dissenting.
Within the federal government, Congress "alone has ac-
cess to the pockets of the people." The Federalist No. 48, p.
334 (J. Cooke ed. 1961) (J. Madison). The Constitution af-
fords only our elected representatives the power to decide
which taxes the government can collect and at what rates.
See Art. I, cl. 1. Throughout the Nation's history, Con-
gress has almost invariably respected this assignment. As
this Court observed some decades ago, it would represent
"a sharp break with our traditions" for Congress to abdicate
its responsibilities and "besto[w] on a federal agency the
taxing power." National Cable Television Assn., Inc. v.
United States, (1974).
Today, the Court departs from these time-honored rules.
When it comes to "universal service" taxes, the Court con-
cludes, an executive agency may decide for itself what rates
2 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

to apply and how much to collect. In upholding that ar-
rangement, the Court defies the Constitution's command
that Congress "may not transfer to another branch 'powers
which are strictly and exclusively legislative.' " Gundy v.
United States, (2019) (plurality opinion)
).
Still, things could be worse. Because today's misadven-
ture "sits unmoored from surrounding law," I have reason
to hope its approach will not stand the test of time. Loper
Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, (2024)
(GORSUCH, J., concurring) (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). And even as the Court swallows a delegation beyond
anything yet seen in the U. S. Reports, it also signals, un-
mistakably, that there are some abdications of congres-
sional authority, including in the very statute before us,
that the present majority isn't prepared to stomach.
I
If you look closely at your phone bill, you will likely notice
a charge for "universal service." Perhaps you have won-
dered what that is and why you are paying for it. As it turns
out, in 47 U. S. C., Congress has authorized the Fed-
eral Communications Commission (FCC) to subsidize a
number of disparate programs under the umbrella of "uni-
versal service." The FCC selects which programs to pursue
and how much they should cost. To fund them, the agency
taxes telecommunications companies at a rate it controls.
By regulation, those companies are then free to pass the
charges along to consumers like you. This case involves a
challenge to that scheme. To appreciate the questions it
poses for us, some background helps.
A
The phrase "universal service" has carried different
meanings at different times. Originally, it referred to "a
telephone network that covers all of a country." M. Mueller,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Universal Service: Competition, Interconnection, and Mo-
nopoly in the Making of the American Telephone System 1
(1997). And it meant one network in particular: the Bell
System owned by the American Telephone and Telegraph
Company (AT&T). AT&T's president coined the slogan in
1907 -- "One System, One Policy, Universal Service" -- to
boost Bell's nascent monopoly. Id., at 4, 96. "Universal," as
AT&T used it, focused less on telephone service for all than
on making sure AT&T provided all the service. And the
slogan proved apt: By the 1920s, the Bell System, fighting
"under the banner of universal service," had conquered the
U. S. telephone market. Id., at 146.
Over time, "the term 'universal service' took on a new
meaning." P. Huber, M. Kellogg, & J. Thorne, Federal Tel-
ecommunications Law.1.1.2 (3d ed. Supp. 2022) (Huber).
For much of the 20th century, it referred to a policy aimed
at making landline local phone service "available to all con-
sumers at a reasonable cost." Ibid. Even so, AT&T's mo-
nopoly remained at the heart of it all. As with other mo-
nopolistic public utilities, federal and state governments
regulated the rates the Bell System could charge. See Ver-
izon Communications Inc. v. FCC, 
(2002). And, for decades, that was the key to universal ser-
vice: Regulators manipulated rates to expand Americans'
access to telephones. See Huber.1.1.2. So, for example,
"[l]ong-distance rates were used to subsidize local rates,
business rates to subsidize residential rates, and urban
rates to subsidize rural rates." Ibid.
That system of implicit subsidies worked as long as the
same family of companies served all telephone customers.
See Verizon Communications, 535 U. S., at 480 -- 481. But
the scheme began to falter in the 1970s and 1980s, as new
long-distance carriers entered the picture, and an antitrust
consent decree spun off AT&T's long-distance business into
a separate company, with newly independent "Baby Bells"
now providing local service. See NYNEX Corp. v. Discon,
4 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Inc., -- 131 (1998); Bell Atlantic Corp. v.
Twombly, (2007). At that point, regula-
tors could no longer depend on the Bell System to subsidize
local rates by inflating long-distance rates. See Huber.2.1.2.
Still, parts of the old universal-service regime hung on.
Because the Baby Bells continued to enjoy regional monop-
olies over local phone service, regulators could still rely on
them to provide some implicit subsidies, charging higher
rates to some customers while offering below-cost service to
others. See id.,.2.1. The FCC pitched in, too, by requir-
ing long-distance carriers to subsidize local providers, and
by establishing a "Lifeline" program to help low-income
households afford local phone service. See Rural Telephone
Coalition v. FCC, 838 F. 2d 1307, 1311 -- 1312 (CADC 1988);
Huber.2.2.3; ante, at 4.
Eventually, however, Congress decided that universal
service had to be "ripped apart and rebuilt afresh." Huber.10. In the Telecommunications Act of 1996, 110 Stat. 56,
Congress "fundamentally restructure[d]" the local tele-
phone market. AT&T Corp. v. Iowa Utilities Bd., (1999). No more, Congress declared, should the
Baby Bells enjoy regional monopolies over local phone ser-
vice; now, they must face competition, too. See ibid. To
achieve that objective, Congress required the Baby Bells to
share their networks with new entrants seeking to offer
landline local phone services. See Twombly, 550 U. S., at
549.1 But Congress also recognized that its new approach

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 That solution may seem quaint today, when three quarters of Ameri-

can adults live in households without a landline telephone. See S. Blum-
berg & J. Luke, National Center for Health Statistics, Wireless Substi-
tution 2 (June 2024). But in 1996, things looked different. Local phone
service depended on a network of copper wires connecting each home and
business. See Huber.2.2. That network seemed impossible to dupli-
cate, and for decades, "local phone service was thought to be a natural
monopoly." AT&T Corp. v. Iowa Utilities Bd., (1999).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

would deal "a fatal blow" to "the preexisting system of uni-
versal service," for there would no longer be monopolies
whose rates regulators could adjust to subsidize some cus-
tomers at the expense of others. R. Krotoszynski, Reconsid-
ering the Nondelegation Doctrine: Universal Service, the
Power To Tax, and the Ratification Doctrine, 80 Ind. L. J.
239, 282 (2005).
So Congress had to reimagine "universal service" again.
In of the Telecommunications Act, Congress used the
term "universal service" for the first time and invested it
with a new meaning. See Huber.3. Gone was Bell's old
idea that universal service meant a single network of wires
covering the country. Gone, too, was the idea that the Bell
monopoly should subsidize basic telephone service by inflat-
ing other customers' rates. Repurposing the slogan of uni-
versal service once more, Congress told the FCC to decide
for itself what the concept meant and to fund programs con-
sistent with its understanding. See (1). And to pay
for those programs, Congress authorized the agency to tax
a broad base of interstate "telecommunications carrier[s]"
and "provider[s].".
B
1
To understand how the scheme works, start with the pro-
grams the FCC may fund. Section 254 describes "universal
service" as "an evolving level of telecommunications ser-
vices" that the agency must both "preserve" and "advance."
(5), (c)(1). To determine which specific services to
fund and at what level, (1) directs the FCC to "con-
sider" four factors. Those factors look to "the extent to
which" a service (A) is "essential to education, public health,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Congress responded by requiring the Baby Bells to share their infra-
structure with new rivals. See Huber.11.2. As it turned out, of course,
cell phones soon became ubiquitous, and that web of copper became less
relevant. See id.,.1.
6 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

or public safety," (B) has "been subscribed to by a substan-
tial majority of residential customers," (C) is "being de-
ployed... by telecommunications carriers," and (D) is "con-
sistent with the public interest, convenience, and
necessity." (1)(A) -- (D).
On top of those four factors, the statute supplies six fur-
ther "principles" in. So, for instance, the agency
must "base" its funding decisions on the principles that
"[q]uality services should be available at just, reasonable,
and affordable rates," (1), and that "[a]ccess to ad-
vanced telecommunications and information services
should be provided in all regions of the Nation," (2).
In addition, the FCC may adopt other new "principles" that
it "determine[s]" to be "necessary and appropriate."
(7). To date, the FCC has exercised that authority
twice. One new principle requires "competitive neutrality"
among providers and technologies,2 and the other encour-
ages "support for advanced services" including "broadband
networks."3
From this mash of four factors and six (now eight) princi-
ples, the FCC must discern which programs it wishes to
fund and to what degree. And it falls to the FCC to " 'bal-
ance' " these "factors" and " 'principles' " " 'against one an-
other when they conflict.' " Reply Brief for Federal Petition-
ers 11 -- 12 ). So, for instance, if the FCC finds that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 "COMPETITIVE NEUTRALITY -- Universal service support mecha-

nisms and rules should be competitively neutral. In this context, com-
petitive neutrality means that universal service support mechanisms
and rules neither unfairly advantage nor disadvantage one provider over
another, and neither unfairly favor nor disfavor one technology over an-
other." In re Federal-State Joint Bd. on Universal Serv., 12 FCC Rcd.
8776, 8801 (1997).
3 In re Connect America Fund, 26 FCC Rcd. 17663, 17679 (2011); see

also ibid. (" 'Support for Advanced Services -- Universal service support
should be directed where possible to networks that provide advanced ser-
vices, as well as voice services' ").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

a particular service is "essential to education,"
(1)(A), but not "subscribed to by a substantial major-
ity of residential customers," (1)(B), the agency must
pick which part of the statute prevails. As the FCC has long
put it: "[A]ll four criteria enumerated in section 254(c)(1)
must be considered, but not each necessarily met." In re
Federal-State Joint Bd. on Universal Serv., 12 FCC Rcd.
8776, 8809 (1997).
Still, that is not quite the end of it. At least when it comes
to schools, libraries, and healthcare providers, two addi-
tional provisions -- (3) and (2) -- permit the
agency to pay for "advanced" and "additional" services that
go "above the baseline of what's been considered universal
service." Tr. of Oral Arg. 42, 47. Consistent with these pro-
visions, the FCC has funded programs without regard to
whether they satisfy the four factors outlined in (1).
See 12 FCC Rcd., at 9008 -- 9011.
Over time, the services the agency has funded have
evolved considerably. So, for example, in 1996 the FCC de-
bated whether to subsidize "touch-tone service," not just old
rotary phones. 61 Fed. Reg. 10503 (1996). (The answer:
Yes. 12 FCC Rcd., at 8809.) By 2011, the FCC "comprehen-
sively reform[ed] and modernize[d]" its universal-service
goals to include expanding access to internet services na-
tionwide. In re Connect America Fund, 26 FCC Rcd. 17663,
17667 (2011). More recently, the agency has announced
that the Universal Service Fund will help put Wi-Fi on
school buses. In re Modernizing the E-Rate Program for
Schools and Libraries, FCC No. 23 -- 84 (2023) (declaratory
ruling).
2
Once the FCC decides which programs to support, it must
figure out how to pay for them. On that score, offers
this instruction: "Every telecommunications carrier that
8 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

provides interstate telecommunications services shall con-
tribute, on an equitable and nondiscriminatory basis, to the
specific, predictable, and sufficient mechanisms established
by the Commission to preserve and advance universal ser-
vice." ; see (4). In addition to those "manda-
tory" contributions from common carriers, the statute also
grants the FCC "permissive" authority to compel contribu-
tions from "[a]ny other provider of interstate telecommuni-
cations," including noncommon carriers, "if the public inter-
est so requires." ; 12 FCC Rcd., at 9178. Essentially,
the agency must figure out whom to tax and how much.
Taking up the question whom to tax, the agency has said
that every telecommunications carrier must "contribute" a
share of its revenue from interstate and international tele-
communications services (think long-distance calls). 47
CFR.706 (2024). But over time, the FCC has also ex-
panded the roster of companies who must contribute, so
that it now includes providers of prepaid calling cards and
internet-based calling. See 71 Fed. Reg. 38781, 43667
(2006). Currently, the FCC does not tax carriers' broad-
band revenues (think internet). But some have suggested
that, too, should change. See In re Report on the Future of
the Universal Serv. Fund, 37 FCC Rcd. 10041, 10088 -- 10094
(2022).
After deciding whom to tax, the agency must determine
how much to collect from each carrier. For that, the FCC
relies on the Universal Service Administrative Company, a
Delaware not-for-profit corporation. Congress has not ex-
pressly authorized the FCC to outsource its responsibilities
under. But in 1997, the FCC directed an association
of carriers to create the Administrative Company, and the
agency has assumed the task of defining that company's
structure and role. See Brief for Federal Petitioners 4; 47
CFR.703, 54.705; ante, at 7 -- 8. Among other things,
FCC regulations ensure that a supermajority of the Admin-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

istrative Company's board consists of directors who repre-
sent industry insiders (like carriers) and groups that bene-
fit financially from universal-service programs (like librar-
ies and schools)..703(b)(1).
How does the Administrative Company help calculate the
tax each carrier must pay? Each quarter, the company es-
timates the upcoming expenses of the FCC's universal-ser-
vice programs..709(a)(3). Once the FCC approves that
figure, the company next estimates carriers' total revenues
from interstate telecommunications, based on their self-re-
ported figures. This is known as the "contribution base."
Ibid. Finally, the FCC calculates the ratio of projected ex-
penses to the contribution base, which yields the "contribu-
tion factor," or the percentage of its revenue each carrier
must pay..709(a)(2); ante, at 7.
As the scope of the FCC's programs has expanded, so
have the taxes the agency collects to fund them. In 1998,
universal-service disbursements totaled about $2.29 bil-
lion. Universal Service Administrative Co., 1999 Annual
Report 2. In 2024, that figure swelled to about $8.59 bil-
lion -- nearly double, adjusted for inflation. Universal Ser-
vice Administrative Co., 2024 Annual Report 4. To pay for
that increase, the "contribution factor" (or tax rate) has
risen, too. In 1998, carriers paid less than 4% of their rev-
enue from interstate and international telecommunica-
tions. 63 Fed. Reg. 35931 (1998). Today, that figure is
nearly 37%. FCC, Public Notice, DA 25 -- 223 (Mar. 13,
2025).4
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The skyrocketing contribution factor is attributable in part -- but only

in part -- to a shrinking contribution base. To fund its programs, remem-
ber, the FCC presently taxes revenue from interstate and international
telecommunications, such as long-distance calling. Over time, carrier
revenue from phone service has shrunk. As a result, tax rates must rise
just to keep receipts constant. But this is only a partial explanation for
the rising contribution factor. As we have seen, FCC receipts have done
far more than keep constant. Seeking to downplay the growth of the
FCC's programs, the Court fiddles with the figures. It suggests that we
10 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

One might wonder why the Administrative Company,
dominated as it is by industry insiders, has allowed univer-
sal-service contributions to grow so dramatically. FCC reg-
ulations supply at least a partial explanation: "Federal uni-
versal service contribution costs may be recovered...
through a line item on a customer's bill." 47 CFR.712(a). So, in the end, it is consumers who pay for the
agency's universal-service programs.
II
A
In 2022, a carrier, a non-profit group, and several con-
sumers (collectively, respondents) challenged the present
universal-service scheme. Under the Constitution, they ob-
served, Congress must set the federal government's tax pol-
icies. And, they argued, offends that rule because it
allows the FCC and the Administrative Company to decide
how much tax to collect and at what rate. The Fifth Circuit
largely agreed with respondents' submissions. See 109
F. 4th 743 (2024) (en banc). The FCC, an association of car-
riers, and others (collectively, petitioners) then sought our
review.
As the dispute comes to us, it presents three questions.
First, did Congress violate the Constitution by delegating
to the FCC the power to tax? Second, did the FCC violate
the Constitution by subdelegating some of its authority to
the private Administrative Company? And third, even if

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
should treat 1999, rather than 1998, as the baseline, "because in 1998,
some of the new statute's universal-service programs were just getting
off the ground." Ante, at 25, and. But I would have thought that's
the point. To assess whether the FCC's program contains anything re-
sembling a "cap" on total tax collections, as the Court maintains, surely
it helps to understand exactly how much the agency has grown that pro-
gram in the years since Congress acted. See ante, at 21 -- 26. Really, using
1998 as the baseline spots the FCC a good bit of ramp-up time, too: After
all, Congress enacted the Telecommunications Act in 1996.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

neither of those features independently offends the Consti-
tution, does their combination? As I see it, this case begins
and ends with the first question. Section 254 impermissibly
delegates Congress's taxing power to the FCC, and knowing
that is enough to know the Fifth Circuit's judgment should
be affirmed.5
Even when it comes to that first question, there is much
we need not address. Elsewhere, I have urged the Court to
reconsider its approach to assessing legislative delegations
in light of the Constitution's original meaning and historic
practice. See Gundy, 588 U. S., at 149 (dissenting opinion).
But respondents tell us we need not do so here. Instead,
they argue, 's delegation of authority to the FCC can-
not survive even the most forgiving standard this Court has
devised for analyzing delegations: The modern version of
the "intelligible principle" test. See Brief for Respondents
65 -- 66. So I will focus on that test, how it applies here, and
why fails it.6

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 When granting certiorari, we also asked the parties to address

whether this dispute is moot. I agree with the Court that it is not. See
ante, at 10,.
6 Before proceeding further, note some of the questions this case does

not present. First, while respondents argue that the FCC's subdelega-
tion to the Administrative Company offends the Constitution, they do not
press a statutory argument that the FCC lacks authority under to
pass some of its responsibilities on to a private corporation. See 109
F. 4th 743, 774 -- 777, and (CA5 2024) (en banc). Second, the Admin-
istrative Company's directors overwhelmingly represent entities with a
financial stake in expanding universal service: those who benefit from
universal-service programs (like schools and hospitals) and those who
get paid to supply the benefits (the carriers). See Part I -- B -- 2, supra.
Some amici suggest that seemingly conflicted arrangement may offend
the Fifth Amendment's Due Process Clause. See, e.g., Brief for Reason
Foundation as Amicus Curiae 18 -- 23. But neither the court of appeals
nor respondents took up that argument. See 109 F. 4th, at 768,.
Third, one might ask whether the Administrative Company's leaders
qualify as officers of the United States and, if so, whether their role com-
plies with the Appointments Clause, U. S. Const., Art. II, cl. 2. See
12 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

The Court and I approach our task from common ground.
As the Court acknowledges, the Constitution vests "[a]ll"
federal legislative power in Congress. Art. I, ; see ante,
at 10. Necessarily, that assignment means "no other"
branch of government may exercise legislative power. Ante,
at 10. To enforce that rule, this Court has developed the
"intelligible principle" test. Ante, at 11 ; cf. J. W. Hampton, Jr., & Co. v. United
States, (1928). All agree, too, that the test
must do something to stop Congress from giving the Presi-
dent or an executive agency a blank check to legislate. See
ibid.
On top of all that, the Court and I agree that the intelli-
gible principle test is not one size fits all. Ante, at 11. In-
stead, "contex[t]" matters. Ante, at 22. Among other things,
that means that the " 'degree of agency discretion that is ac-
ceptable' " depends on " 'the scope of the power congression-
ally conferred.' " Ante, at 11 ). So, for
instance, Congress might permissibly give an agency wide
leeway in designing a tax stamp. See In re Kollock, (1897). But Congress must give far more de-
tailed instructions if it wants an agency to regulate an en-
tire industry. See A. L. A. Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United
States, -- 542 (1935).
B
From that common ground, however, my path and the
Court's begin to diverge. I would start by examining the
nature of the power Congress assigned to the FCC. Under, the FCC may compel carriers to "contribute" money
to support what everyone agrees is a government program.
See Wisconsin Bell, Inc. v. United States ex rel. Heath, 604
U. S. ___, ___ (2025). That is a quintessential
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Brief for Reason Foundation as Amicus Curiae 13 -- 18. But, again, nei-
ther the court of appeals nor the parties addressed those questions.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

tax -- a "compulsory contribution to the support of govern-
ment." 17 Oxford English Dictionary 677 (2d ed. 1989) (de-
fining "tax"). Several FCC commissioners, including at
least two FCC chairmen, have seen it the same way, refer-
ring to universal-service "contributions" as "taxes."7 So
have academics and other informed commentators.8 Before
us, as well, the FCC has said that it is "willing" to have this
Court treat universal-service contributions "as a tax." Tr.
of Oral Arg. 53. Really, if this compulsory contribution is
not a tax, "[w]hat else would you call it?" Bondi v. VanDer-
Stok, 604 U. S. ___, ___ (2025).
Taxation ranks among the government's greatest powers.
Indeed, it is arguably the federal government's "most im-
portant... authorit[y]." The Federalist No. 33, p. 205 (A.
Hamilton). As this Court has put it, the "power to tax is the
one great power upon which the whole national fabric is
based." Nicol v. Ames, (1899); see also
McCulloch v. Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316, 431 (1819) ("[T]he
power to tax involves the power to destroy"). Reflecting as
much, the Constitution provides that all legislation "for
raising Revenue" must "originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives," the only popularly elected chamber at the time
of the Constitution's adoption. Art. I, cl. 1; see Amdt.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 See, e.g., B. Carr, Ending Big Tech's Free Ride, Newsweek, May 24,

2021, https://www.newsweek.com/ending-big-techs-free-ride-opinion-
1593696; In re Lifeline and Link Up Reform and Modernization, 31 FCC
Rcd. 3962, 4165 (2016) (Comm'r Pai, dissenting); In re Federal-State
Joint Bd. on Universal Serv., 13 FCC Rcd. 14915, 14980 (1998) (Comm'r
Furchtgott-Roth, dissenting).
8 See, e.g., S. Benjamin, B. Richman, & J. Speta, Internet and Telecom-

munications Regulation 225 -- 226 (2d ed. 2023); T. Narechania & E. Stall-
man, Internet Federalism, 34 Harv. J. L. & Tech. 547, 612 (2021); W.
Rogerson, New Economic Perspectives on Telecommunications Regula-
tion, 67 U. Chi. L. Rev. 1489, 1502 -- 1503 (2000); G. Gekas & J. Harper,
Annual Regulation of Business Focus: Regulation of Electronic Com-
merce, 51 Admin. L. Rev. 769, 782 (1999).
14 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

17. As the framers saw it, "the Chamber that is more ac-
countable to the people should have the primary role in
raising revenue." United States v. Munoz-Flores, (1990).
That context matters. To survive the intelligible princi-
ple test, a delegation involving such a significant power
must supply more significant limits on an agency's discre-
tion than when Congress confers some lesser authority.
That is not to say some "different and stricter" test applies
when Congress delegates the power to tax. See Skinner v.
Mid-America Pipeline Co., -- 223 (1989).
It is instead to recognize that what qualifies as an intelligi-
ble principle depends on "context" and "the nature of the
particular constitutional powers" at issue. Lichter v. United
States, (1948).
What exactly does the intelligible principle test require
in this context? Surely, history must count for something.
And it supplies at least one clear standard. As far as I can
tell, and as far as petitioners have informed us, this Court
has never approved legislation allowing an executive
agency to tax domestically unless Congress itself has pre-
scribed the tax rate. See, e.g., Michigan Central R. Co. v.
Powers, (1906) (suggesting that "a direct
legislative determination of the rate" avoids "abdication of
the legislative function"); 1 T. Cooley & C. Nichols, Law of
Taxation 194 (4th ed. 1924) (Cooley & Nichols) ("The non-
delegable powers... include... the fixing of the rate of tax-
ation"); J. Hines & K. Logue, Delegating Tax, 114 Mich.
L. Rev. 235, 239 (2015) (Hines & Logue) ("[D]elegating
some control over income tax rates... would be unprece-
dented in U. S. history"); cf. Tr. of Oral Arg. 39 -- 40, 57, 78.9
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The first federal income tax statute, the Revenue Act of 1861, created

a flat tax of 3% on income exceeding $800. 12 Stat. 309. The first income
tax created after the Sixteenth Amendment's ratification provided for
progressive rates ranging from 1% to 7%. 38 Stat. 166. Income tax rates
have become more complicated over time, but Congress still sets them.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Applying that insight here poses petitioners with a seri-
ous problem. "[A]ll agree" that Congress has not set the
rate at which the FCC may exact contributions. Ante, at 12.
Instead, delegates to the FCC the power to determine
which services to fund and thus the amount of money to
collect. See Part I -- B -- 1, supra. To secure those funds, the
agency uses the Administrative Company to set a "contri-
bution factor" -- i.e., the percentage of its revenues a carrier
must pay. See Part I -- B -- 2, supra. That's a tax rate. And,
remember, that rate has grown from less than 4% of carri-
ers' applicable revenues in 1998 to nearly 37% today -- all
based on the agency's say-so and without any change to the
statute. Ibid. Nothing in the U. S. Reports suggests that
an executive agency may exercise that kind of power over
taxation.
To be sure, petitioners identify an exception to the his-
toric rule that only Congress may set tax rates. Sometimes,
they point out, Congress has declined to supply a rate and
instead opted to cap the total sum the Executive may col-
lect. See Brief for Petitioner SHLB Coalition et al. 38 -- 39;
Brief for Respondents 33 -- 36; Reply Brief for Federal Peti-
tioners 6 -- 7; see Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 8 Wall. 533, 542
(1869). But none of this solves petitioners' problem. For
one thing, petitioners identify no example of a lump-sum
delegation outside of direct taxes on property -- a unique
context where the Constitution's apportionment require-
ment makes it practically impossible for Congress to set
taxes by rate.10 For another, and even setting aside that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
See, e.g., 26 U. S. C.. The same pattern holds true for other kinds of
taxes. In 1791, for instance, the first federal excise on distilled spirits
set rates to the penny. 1 Stat. 202 -- 203. So do excise taxes today. See,
e.g., -- (b) (imposing a 3% excise tax on local telephone service).
In some cases, Congress has set the tax as a dollar amount rather than
a percentage rate. See, e.g., ($550 tax on the use of highway
motor vehicles with a gross weight over 75,000 pounds).
10 Congress must apportion direct taxes among the States according to

population. Art. I, cl. 3;, cl. 4. That requirement makes it difficult
16 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

difficulty, the lump-sum exception still would not save. As the Court acknowledges, the statute before us
"contains no determinate cap." Ante, at 12. Instead, the
FCC gets to decide for itself how much to collect -- and, over
time, has exercised that authority to double that amount.
See Part I -- B, supra.
III
Having failed to identify a single example where this
Court has approved a tax delegation like this one, petition-
ers and the Court propose a workaround. Yes, they con-
cede, "imposes no quantitative... limits on how much
money the FCC can raise." Ante, at 19. But, they contend,
Congress has provided guidance that amounts to a "quali-
tative" cap. Ibid.; see, e.g., Brief for Federal Petitioners 29 -- 
30. To support that claim, petitioners and the Court em-
phasize that requires the FCC to collect taxes "suf-
ficient... to preserve and advance universal service." The
word "sufficient," they submit, "imposes an obligation" on
the FCC "to ensure that the [Universal Service] Fund is
large enough, but not too large, to achieve the statutory

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
to set uniform tax rates across the Nation, since a State's share of the
national population rarely corresponds to its share of wealth. See Moore
v. United States, (2024). But that challenge does not
extend to "indirect" taxes, such as the tax before us, which need not be
apportioned. See id., at 582 -- 583. And because the Uniformity Clause,
Art. I, cl. 1, requires indirect taxes to apply "at the same rate" across
the country, United States v. Ptasynski, (1983), it is not
clear that Congress could simply cap receipts from an indirect tax, with-
out also providing guidance to ensure it applies equally everywhere.
That uniformity requirement might explain why petitioners have identi-
fied no historical example, outside the direct tax arena, where Congress
declined to set a tax rate. Note, too, that even when Congress has em-
ployed a lump-sum approach, it has usually supplied significant guid-
ance in addition to the cap. See N. Parrillo, A Critical Assessment of the
Originalist Case Against Administrative Regulatory Power, 130 Yale L.
J. 1288, 1324, 1449 -- 1455 (2021).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

goals" Congress supplied. Brief for Petitioner SHLB Coali-
tion et al. 23. And, they continue, Congress has laid out
those goals in a "detailed" way that "cabin[s] the FCC's ex-
ercise of delegated authority." Id., at i.
Even taken on its own terms, I find that response unper-
suasive. For argument's sake, assume that, instead of fix-
ing the rate at which the FCC can tax, Congress may per-
missibly impose a numerical limit on receipts. Assume, too,
that "qualitative" instructions may sometimes provide
guidance functionally equivalent to a numerical limit.
Even then, 's "qualitative" instructions hardly measure
up. Really, the numbers speak for themselves. Recall that
in 1998, the FCC disbursed about $2.29 billion. Part I -- B -- 
2, supra. A quarter century later, that figure hit about
$8.59 billion. Ibid. Even adjusting those figures for infla-
tion, the FCC has nearly doubled the amount of tax it col-
lects. Ibid. Far from supplying "qualitative" directions
akin to a numerical cap, supplies little more than a
blank check.
Truth be told, the Court does not find its own response
entirely persuasive, either. It upholds the ability of the
FCC to tax and spend for universal-service programs under
(1). See ante, at 21 -- 26. But, recall, (3) and
(h)(2) also allow the FCC to support "advanced" and "addi-
tional" services without regard to (1)'s factors. See
Part I -- B -- 1, supra. And in a remarkable footnote, the Court
scruples to say those two provisions sufficiently constrain
the agency's taxing power. See ante, at 26,. All the
Court is willing to defend, in other words, is whatever level
of taxation suffices to support universal service as defined
under (1), and no more. Consider each of these
moves in turn.
A
Start with the parts of the Court does defend -- the
18 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

programs the FCC supports pursuant to (1). To-
gether with, that provision merely tells the FCC to
tax carriers in an amount "sufficient" to "preserve and ad-
vance universal service." To my eyes, it's hard to see how
that direction might be fairly analogized to a numerical cap.
The statute, remember, does not say what "universal ser-
vice" is, and the phrase bears no established meaning. To
be sure, I have a good sense of what "universal service"
meant when the Bell System used it to protect its monopoly.
See Part I -- A, supra. I have an idea, too, of what the phrase
came to mean later, as a shorthand for the practice of regu-
lating rates so most Americans could afford basic phone ser-
vice. See ibid. But, as we have seen, the 1996 Act "ripped
apart" the old notion of universal service. Huber.10. Go-
ing forward, Congress declared, the meaning of universal
service would "evolv[e]." (1). In what directions?
Congress left that for the FCC to work out.
Of course, the statute proceeds to offer some direction to
the agency about what qualifies as "universal service," and
thus how much it can tax and spend. But, even viewed
charitably, that guidance can hardly be described as the
functional equivalent of a numerical cap. Just recall what
the statute actually says. It instructs the FCC to discern
the "evolving" meaning of "universal service" from the pri-
mordial soup of four factors found in (1), as supple-
mented by six principles discussed in (1) -- (6), as
well as whatever further principles (two and counting) the
agency chooses to devise under (7). See Part I -- B -- 1,
supra. Many of these factors and principles address com-
peting goods, and any effort to weigh them all can yield no
more certainty than asking " 'whether a particular line is
longer than a particular rock is heavy.' " National Pork Pro-
ducers Council v. Ross, (2023) (plurality
opinion). Recognizing as much, the FCC acknowledges that
it falls to the agency to decide how best to proceed (and
therefore how much to tax) when the statute's abundance
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

of factors and principles "conflict." Brief for Federal Peti-
tioners 31. In no way
can this "preface of generalities as to permissible aims" be
fairly compared to a firm cap. Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S.,
at 537.
Experience proves the point. In 1996, recall, the hot de-
bate was whether to subsidize "touch-tone service." 61 Fed.
Reg. 10503. But in 2011, the FCC steered the Universal
Service Fund away from simply making basic telephone
service available and toward expanding access to "broad-
band, both fixed and mobile." 26 FCC Rcd., at 17670. By
2019, the FCC's Connect America Fund was spending
nearly $5 billion annually on high-speed internet services
for "rural or remote areas that are costly to serve." GAO,
A. Von Ah, Telecommunications, FCC Should Enhance Per-
formance Goals and Measures for Its Program To Support
Broadband Service in High-Cost Areas 1 (GAO -- 21 -- 24, Oct.
2020). And why stop there? Nothing, it seems, would pre-
vent the FCC from choosing to tax and spend to provide a
mobile satellite internet device (like Starlink) to everyone
who owns a business, home, or hunting cabin in rural Amer-
ica. Cf. In re Application for Review of Starlink Servs., LLC,
38 FCC Rcd. 12201, 12205 -- 12206 (2023) (revoking a previ-
ous $885 million award to Starlink).
Searching for some way (any way) to support the notion
that (1) contains a "qualitative" cap on how much the
FCC can tax and spend, the Court eventually resorts to re-
writing the statute. Now, it says, the FCC can fund a ser-
vice only if it meets all of subsection (c)(1)'s four factors.
Ante, at 23, 27. So, the Court stresses, subsection (c)(1)(B)
asks whether a particular service "has 'been subscribed to
by a substantial majority of residential customers.' " Ibid.
As a result, the Court reasons, the FCC cannot fund any
service unless most Americans already have it. Ibid. Like-
wise, the Court asserts, 's instruction that the FCC
20 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

"shall base" its funding decisions on the principles dis-
cussed there means that the FCC "must" satisfy all of those
principles before funding any program. See ante, at 23, 26.
It's a nice theory. But it bears no resemblance to the law
Congress adopted. By its terms, (1) requires the
FCC only to "consider the extent to which" each factor ap-
plies. The statute nowhere says each (or any) of those cri-
teria "has to be met" before the agency can fund a particular
service. Ante, at 27. In fact, the FCC has long and consist-
ently understood the statute to mean the opposite: "[A]ll
four criteria enumerated in section 254(c)(1) must be con-
sidered, but not each necessarily met." 12 FCC Rcd., at 8809.11
The same goes for subsection (b). It says that the FCC
"shall base" funding decisions on various "principles." But
each of those principles is framed as a "should," not a
"must." So, for example, subsection (b)(1) provides that the
FCC "should" make "[q]uality services.... available at...
affordable rates." And subsection (b)(2) says that the FCC
"should" ensure "[a]ccess to advanced... services" is "pro-
vided in all regions of the Nation." In this context, "[t]he
term 'should' indicates a recommended course of action, but
does not itself imply the obligation associated with 'shall.' "
Qwest Corp., 258 F. 3d, at 1200. Reflecting that under-
standing, the FCC has long read as requiring it to
consult all of that provision's various principles, but not as
"impos[ing] inflexible requirements" on universal-service
programs. Connect America Fund Phase II Auction, 33 FCC

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 That statement reflects the FCC's consistent reading of the statute

over nearly two decades. See, e.g., FCC, Public Notice, Rural Digital Op-
portunity Fund Phase I Auction, 35 FCC Rcd. 6077, 6121, and 
(2020); In re Uniendo a Puerto Rico Fund and Connect USVI Fund, 34
FCC Rcd. 9109, 9184 -- 9185, and (2019); In re Connect America
Fund, 32 FCC Rcd. 1624, 1631 (2017); In re Requests for Waiver of Deci-
sions, 31 FCC Rcd. 7731, 7734, (2016); In re Federal-State Joint Bd.
on Universal Serv., 18 FCC Rcd. 15090, 15091 (2003).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Rcd. 1428, 1468, (2018). Instead, each provision sup-
plies " 'only a principle, not a statutory command,' " which
the agency may " 'ignore' " in service of other principles
found in the statute. Rural Digital Opportunity Fund
Phase I Auction, 35 FCC Rcd. 6077, 6119, (2020)
); see also In re Lifeline & Link Up Re-
form & Modernization, 27 FCC Rcd. 6656, 6759, 
(2012); Rural Cellular Assn. v. FCC, 588 F. 3d 1095, 1103
(CADC 2009).12
In its zeal to save subsection (c)(1) programs (why else
ignore what the statute actually says?), the Court throws
all that aside and seizes the drafting pen. So the meaning
of "universal service" evolves once more. Only now, it is the
Court's creation through and through. And if that were not
bad enough, the Court's late-night rewrite hardly helps its
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 The Court suggests that, at oral argument, the government endorsed

its novel reading of subsections (b) and (c). Ante, at 27. But what does
that prove? Courts must exercise independent judgment when interpret-
ing the law. Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, 
(2024). Traditionally, too, this Court has accorded special respect not to
advocacy from the podium, but to a coordinate branch's "consistent" and
"contemporaneous construction" of a law. See id., at 386; id., at 430
(GORSUCH, J., concurring). And here, the FCC's historic understanding
of is the only one the statute's language tolerates. Notably, too, the
government's arguments before us ran both ways. See, e.g., Reply Brief
for Federal Petitioners 11 ("The word 'should' [in ] allows the FCC
to balance the principles against one another when they conflict" (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted)); id., at 12 ("The FCC [has] argued that it
need not implement a particular principle in light of other valid statutory
objectives.... That comports with the government's position here" (em-
phasis deleted; alteration and internal quotation marks omitted)). Nor
can I discern any sensible reason why we should prefer one strand of the
government's present (inconsistent) submissions over the FCC's
longstanding (consistent) views that honor the statute's actual terms.
"[W]hen the government (or any litigant) speaks out of both sides of its
mouth, no one should be surprised if its latest utterance isn't the most
convincing one." Bittner v. United States, -- 98, 
(2023).
22 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

cause. Even as revised, the statute still falls well short of
imposing anything like a numerical cap on how much the
FCC can tax and spend. Suppose tomorrow the agency de-
cides to ensure "every American [has] a cell phone and a cell
phone plan." Tr. of Oral Arg. 62 -- 63. Could anyone com-
plain that "a substantial majority of residential customers"
do not use cell phones? (1)(B). I doubt it.
Not only does the Court's new statute fail to deliver on its
only assignment, it promises to backfire, too. Rather than
preserve the status quo, as the Court so clearly desires, its
revisions threaten to render existing programs illegal -- all
while leaving the FCC (and program beneficiaries) guessing
about the implications for future initiatives. Take an ex-
ample. Back in 2017, the FCC launched a multibillion-dol-
lar effort to promote "broadband service in unserved high-
cost areas." In re Connect America Fund, 32 FCC Rcd. 1624
(2017). Among other things, the program subsidizes certain
high-speed services that, the FCC has acknowledged, are
not yet embraced by "a substantial majority of residential
customers." Id., at 1631.
If we had simply confessed the obvious -- that this statute is
unconstitutional -- Congress could have responded easily
with the simple addition of a rate or, perhaps, a cap. But
now? Now, the FCC can fund a program only if it satisfies
all subsection (b) principles and all subsection (c) factors -- 
a novel requirement that calls existing programs into ques-
tion and promises profound implications for future ones as
well. Far from avoiding any short-term disruption, the
Court's new statute promises plenty of chaos of its own.13

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 By interpreting "shall consider the extent to which," (1), to

mean "shall ensure that," the Court threatens chaos well beyond univer-
sal service, too. "As a general rule," courts have long thought that "when
a statute requires an agency to 'consider' a factor, the agency must reach
an express and considered conclusion about the bearing of the factor, but
need not give any specific weight" to it. Central Vermont R., Inc. v. ICC,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

B
So much for the Court's renovation of (1). Now
consider the two provisions the Court cannot bring itself to
defend. Sections 254(c)(3) and (h)(2), recall, permit the FCC
to fund "additional" and "advanced" services for "schools, li-
braries, and health care providers." See Part I -- B -- 1, supra.
Even the Court is unwilling to say that these provisions im-
pose a "qualitative" cap -- and understandably so. When it
comes to deciding what programs to fund under (3)
and (2), the FCC is unconstrained by any of the sub-
section (c)(1) factors the Court rewrites and leans on so
heavily today. See In re Federal-State Joint Bd. on Univer-
sal Serv., 12 FCC Rcd., at 9008 -- 9011; Tr. of Oral Arg. 42,
47. Subsection (c)(3) makes that explicit: The FCC may des-
ignate services for support under that provision "[i]n addi-
tion to the services included in the definition of universal
service under paragraph (1)."
Here, too, experience illustrates just how uncapped the
FCC's (3) and (2) programs really are. For
some years, the FCC has relied on those provisions to fund
internet access at schools and libraries. 89 Fed. Reg.
67304 -- 67305 (2024). But, in 2024, the FCC announced that
it would also begin funding "Wi-Fi hotspots and services to
be used off-premises by students, school staff, and library
patrons." Id., at 67304, 67318. As far as the FCC sees it,
subsections (c)(3) and (h)(2) might allow it to collect enough
taxes to supply take-home hotspots to anyone with a library
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
711 F. 2d 331, 336 (CADC 1983) (internal quotation marks and altera-
tion omitted); see Covad Communications Co. v. FCC, 450 F. 3d 528, 539
(CADC 2006) ("[W]hen the [FCC] is obligated to consider certain factors,
that means only that the FCC must reach an express and considered
conclusion about the bearing of a factor, but is not required to give any
specific weight to it" (internal quotation marks and alteration omitted)).
Does all that case law now get thrown out the window? Has the Court
transformed every instruction to "consider" some criterion into a man-
date the agency must satisfy? What a gift to regulated industries, or at
least to their lawyers.
24 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

card. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 43 -- 44. Or maybe even take-home
Starlink devices for library patrons nationwide, to help
shrink the "digital divide between [Americans] with access
to broadband at home and those without." In re Addressing
the Homework Gap Through the E-Rate Program, FCC No.
24 -- 76, p. 12 (2024).
Rather than address the constitutionality of the FCC's
power to tax and spend for (3) and (2) pro-
grams, the Court dodges the question. Buried in a footnote
midway through its opinion, it offers this: "We have no oc-
casion to address any nondelegation issues raised by Sec-
tions 254(c)(3) and (h)(2)," the Court says, because while re-
spondents challenged "the contribution scheme generally,"
they did not name those provisions "in particular." Ante, at
26,.
It is a perplexing maneuver, and I suspect the parties will
find it quite the surprise. Not one of them suggested cleav-
ing off portions of the statute in this way. Still, the Court's
late-breaking move is, in one sense, to its credit. Though it
is unwilling to say aloud that any part of fails the in-
telligible principle test, neither can the Court bring itself to
bless such a lavish delegation of taxing authority. As a re-
sult, respondents remain free on remand, or in a future pro-
ceeding, to renew their attack on the constitutionality of
whatever contributions the FCC demands for its subsection
(c)(3) and (h)(2) programs. And that in itself is a notable
development: Today marks the first time in a long time that
the Court has confronted a statutory delegation and found
no way to save it.
IV
Return, now, to the portion of the Court is willing to
defend -- the programs the FCC supports pursuant to sub-
section (c)(1). No one disputes that part of the statute lacks
a tax rate or a numerical cap. And rewritten or not, that
provision lacks anything approaching a "qualitative" cap as
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

well. Faced with these difficulties, in the end petitioners
and the Court resort to changing the conversation. Now,
they say, look to other fields. The Court has allowed agen-
cies "to raise revenue" through fees "without specifying a
numeric cap or... rate." Ante, at 14. The Court has al-
lowed agencies to set " 'just and reasonable' rates" and to
regulate in the " 'public interest.' " Ante, at 22. And, peti-
tioners and the Court reason, if those delegations are per-
missible, this one must be, too. Ante, at 22 -- 23; Brief for
Federal Petitioners 11. Failing all else, petitioners and the
Court add that they see no practical value in requiring Con-
gress to speak more clearly about the scope of permissible
universal-service taxes. Ante, at 18 -- 19; Tr. of Oral Arg. 8 -- 
9.
But the Court's comparisons disregard its own insight
that context matters in applying the intelligible principle
test. Ante, at 11, 22. Nor, in my view, is it any answer to
say that legislation supplying a rate or real cap might still
leave the FCC with some measure of discretion. Though
the Constitution does not require Congress to make every
decision, there are some choices that belong to Congress
alone -- including setting a tax's rate or, at least, capping
receipts.
A
Start with the Court's assertion that "Congress has often
enacted statutes empowering agencies to raise revenue
without specifying a numeric cap or tax rate." Ante, at 14.
To sustain that point, the Court relies on a list of nine ex-
amples offered by the government. Ibid.. The private petitioners high-
light the same provisions, which, it seems, provide "the best
precedents" for. Tr. of Oral Arg. 82 -- 84; see id., at 8,
31, 37 -- 38.
Those provisions all have something in common: Each de-
scribes a fee. And that makes them poor benchmarks for a
26 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

tax delegation. Fees, by definition, are payments made in
"compensation for a service provided to, or alternatively
compensation for a cost imposed by, the person charged the
fee." Mueller v. Raemisch, 740 F. 3d 1128, 1133 (CA7 2014);
accord, Pace v. Burgess, -- 376 (1876). For
that reason, fees carry a built-in intelligible principle: The
government cannot collect more money than it needs to off-
set a real-world cost or benefit. See National Cable Televi-
sion Assn., 415 U. S., at 341 -- 342.
Consider one of the government's examples, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). See ante, at 16.
The FDIC finances its Deposit Insurance Fund through
"[i]nsurance fees" paid by FDIC-insured banks. 12 U. S. C.. By statute, the fee each bank pays must be
"keyed to the risk of the bank's insolvency." M. Ricks,
Money as Infrastructure, 2018 Colum. Bus. L. Rev. 757, 803
). In other words, the fees offset a cost the
banks impose on the FDIC -- namely, their risk of failure,
which the FDIC's insurance must underwrite. That need to
compensate for a particular cost provides an intelligible
principle cabining the FDIC's discretion and limiting the
fees it can charge to what the agency needs to cover insur-
ance payouts. See id., at 803 -- 804.
A similar principle explains the fee-setting authority of
federal courts. See Reply Brief for Federal Petitioners 8.
By statute, courts of appeals may charge "fees" in amounts
"prescribed from time to time by the Judicial Conference of
the United States." 28 U. S. C.. As the Judicial Con-
ference has recognized, that provision authorizes courts to
"charg[e] for services provided," such as docketing an ap-
peal or admitting an attorney to practice. Report of the Pro-
ceedings of the Judicial Conference of the United States 12,
14 (Sept. 16, 2008). So here, too, fee levels reflect a cost
imposed or a benefit received by the payor.
Take one more example from the government's brief. See
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Reply Brief for Federal Petitioners 8 -- 9. Congress has au-
thorized the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service to
charge fees "sufficient" "to cover the cost of providing agri-
cultural... inspection" for certain "commercial aircraft."
21 U. S. C. (1)(A). That provision might sound
broad because it lacks a numerical limit. In context,
though, it leaves little for the agency to do except arithme-
tic: To set the fee, it "divid[es] the total costs of inspecting
Commercial Aircraft by the total number of Commercial
Aircraft." Air Transp. Assn. of Am., Inc. v. United States
Dept. of Agriculture, 37 F. 4th 667, 675 (CADC 2022).14
Petitioners and the Court would set all that to the side.
In their telling, this Court's decision in Skinner "rendered
irrelevant" the question whether a particular exaction in-
volves a tax or a fee. Ante, at 15.
Not so. Skinner, to be sure, indicated that the intelligible
principle test applies to tax delegations. Id., at 223. And
under that test, Skinner presented an easy case. The stat-
ute at issue there told the government (numerically) how
much money it could raise. Id., at 219 -- 220 ("the ceiling on
aggregate fees... is set at 105 percent of the aggregate ap-
propriations made by Congress for that fiscal year"). In

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 The Court discusses two other examples from "the sphere of financial

regulation." Ante, at 14. Both follow a by-now familiar pattern. Con-
gress has authorized the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
to fund its operations by "collect[ing] an assessment, fee, or other charge"
from the banks it supervises. 12 U. S. C.. While these fees are not
assessed in exchange for specific transactions, they offset the costs the
OCC incurs in fulfilling its statutory mandate to supervise, regulate, and
charter national banks. See, 21, 24. Funding for the Federal Reserve
Board reflects a similar dynamic. The Board may levy upon Federal Re-
serve Banks "an assessment sufficient to pay its estimated expenses...
for the half year succeeding the levying of such assessment.".
Again, such fees offset the Federal Reserve Board's regulatory costs. Cf.
Trump v. Wilcox, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (noting the his-
torically exceptional structure of the Federal Reserve).
28 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

light of that and other instructions, the Court held, the stat-
ute provided an intelligible principle regardless of whether
it imposed a tax or a fee. Id., at 220 -- 223. That is all the
decision held. It certainly did not invite courts to ignore
relevant context or disregard the basic distinction between
fees (which incorporate an intelligible principle by nature)
and taxes (which do not).15
Perhaps sensing as much, the Court ultimately retreats
from precedent into pragmatism. Trying to distinguish
taxes from fees, it contends, would risk plunging the Court
into "a morass." Ante, at 16. But the job is hardly some feat
fit for Hercules alone. Courts must, and do, routinely dis-
tinguish between taxes and fees in many contexts. See, e.g.,
United States v. United States Shoe Corp., -- 370 (1998) (distinguishing between fees and taxes for
purposes of the Export Clause, U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 5).
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
15 The Court charges me with downplaying J. W. Hampton. Ante, at

13,. But I do not see how casting a spotlight on that decision im-
proves the picture for the Court. To start, J. W. Hampton involved a
tariff, which arguably raises distinct nondelegation questions from do-
mestic taxes. See J. W. Hampton, Jr., & Co. v. United States, (1928);, infra. Even setting that complication aside, the
statute in question imposed a tariff on barium dioxide at four cents per
pound -- and thus employed a straightforward tax rate. 42 Stat. 860. Af-
ter setting the rate, Congress then authorized the President to adjust it
by up to 50%, as needed to " 'equalize... differences in costs of produc-
tion' " between the United States and " 'competing foreign countries.' "
J. W. Hampton, 276 U. S., at 401. In other words,
the statutory rate could move only within numerically defined bounds
and only if the President found specific facts. That is what sufficed to
provide an "intelligible principle" when the Court first used the phrase.
And nobody could compare that arrangement to 's open-ended tax-
and-spend scheme. See Gundy v. United States, -- 159
(2019) (GORSUCH, J., dissenting) (observing the traditional rule that Con-
gress may make the effect of statutes conditional on facts found by the
Executive). If lining this case up against J. W. Hampton proves any-
thing, it is only that the phrase "intelligible principle" has taken on an
entirely different meaning than it once held. See Gundy, 588 U. S., at
163 -- 166 (GORSUCH, J., dissenting).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Besides, any morass here is of the Court's own making.
In its view, the tax/fee distinction depends on whether the
charge "is for a 'benefit' granted to the payor that is 'not
shared by other members of society.' " Ante, at 16. But
that formulation is not the usual one. In defining fees, the
typical question is whether the fee compensates for a bene-
fit or cost that sets the payor apart. See, e.g., United States
v. Sperry Corp., -- 61 (1989); Massachusetts
v. United States, -- 463, and (1978);
Pace, 92 U. S., at 375 -- 376; Mueller, 740 F. 3d, at 1133;
Hines & Logue 257, ; GAO, S. Irving, Federal User
Fees: A Design Guide 4, (GAO -- 08 -- 386SP, May 2008);
1 Cooley & Nichols 97 -- 98, 109 -- 110.16 Think back to the
FDIC. The public undoubtedly benefits from the fees banks
pay for deposit insurance; we all enjoy a safer banking sys-
tem. But banks impose a cost on the FDIC (their risk of
failure) that distinguishes them from the general public.
Insurance fees compensate for that special cost. That is
why they are fees, not taxes.
Once we understand fees correctly, the category plainly
includes all the government's examples and excludes 
contributions. When carriers pay into the Universal Ser-
vice Fund, they do not gain any special benefit, such as per-
mission "to practice law or medicine or construct a house or
run a broadcast station." National Cable Television Assn.,
415 U. S., at 340. (A different provision, 47 U. S. C.,
authorizes "application fees.") Nor do contributions
offset some regulatory cost that carriers impose on the FCC
or on society. (That falls to "regulatory fees" the FCC col-
lects under.) Instead, takes money from some
(carriers) and gives it to others (libraries, schools, and the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
16 In National Cable Television Assn., the Court focused only on the

benefits side of the formulation because that sufficed to make sense of
the statute before it. See 415 U. S., at 342 -- 343 ("The phrase 'value to
the recipient' is, we believe, the measure of the authorized fee").
30 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

like). See In re Incomnet, Inc., 463 F. 3d 1064, 1066 -- 1067
(CA9 2006). In short: Section 254 creates a classic tax-and-
spend scheme, not a fee. Even the FCC does not dispute the
point. Tr. of Oral Arg. 53; see Part II -- A, supra.17
B
Beyond fees, petitioners and the Court offer a second rea-
son to ignore the fact that (1) programs can be
funded through taxes without a rate or fixed cap. After all,
they observe, this Court has rejected nondelegation attacks
on "authorizations to regulate in the 'public interest' and to
set 'just and reasonable' rates." Ante, at 22, and FPC v. Hope Natural Gas Co., (1944)). And, set next to those vague stand-
ards, petitioners and the Court suggest, offers "clear
and limiting" guidance. Ante, at 30.
This argument neglects the Court's own admonition that
the intelligible principle test is context dependent. See
ante, at 11, 22. It begins by asking "what instructions" the
statute in question provides to constrain an agency's discre-
tion. Gundy, 588 U. S., at 136 (plurality opinion). Answer-
ing that question is a matter of statutory interpretation.
Ibid. And "[i]t is a fundamental canon of statutory con-
struction that the words of a statute must be read in their
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
17 The Court never denies that universal-service "contributions" are

taxes, but suggests in a footnote that they are not so different from FDIC
fees because carriers enjoy a "special benefit" from them. See ante, at 17,. I do not see it. The FDIC program is an insurance plan that charges
fees (premiums) in return for a service (payouts in the event of default).
Universal-service contributions are nothing like that. To be sure, the
FCC pays some carriers -- and other vendors -- to help it implement uni-
versal-service programs. But those are payments for services rendered,
not a "special benefit" given in proportion to a fee payment, as with a
broadcast license or FDIC insurance. Often, in fact, carriers that "con-
tribute large sums" to the Universal Service Fund receive few universal-
service payments, while those that "contribute little" end up receiving
large ones. App. 98.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

context," West Virginia v. EPA, (2022), because language used
in one setting may carry a meaning it does not have in oth-
ers, see Yates v. United States, (2015)
(plurality opinion). So even if a particular statutory term
evokes "well-known and generally acceptable standards" in
one domain, that does not mean the same term will neces-
sarily supply similar guidance when used in other "un-
charted fields." Fahey v. Mallonee, 
(1947); see also Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at 534 (new
context may give terms "a much broader range and a new
significance").
This Court has recognized this point many times, includ-
ing when it comes to phrases like "public interest." So, for
example, the Court has held that phrase may contain
enough "concrete" meaning to survive the intelligible prin-
ciple test in the "context" of broadcast licensing, where the
government has to allocate a limited spectrum of publicly
owned airwaves. National Broadcasting Co., 319 U. S., at
216, 226 ; see M.
McConnell, The President Who Would Not Be King 334
(2020) (McConnell). But, the Court has also found, the
same "public interest" criterion offers inadequate guidance
to the FCC when it comes to raising revenue. National Ca-
ble Television Assn., 415 U. S., at 341.
The same goes for the phrase " 'just and reasonable.' "
Ante, at 22. This Court has sometimes found that phrase
satisfies the intelligible principle test when it comes to set-
ting rates for regulated monopolies like public utilities -- a
context where it incorporates "concepts with a long history
at common law." H. Friendly, The Federal Administrative
Agencies: The Need for Better Definition of Standards, 75
32 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Harv. L. Rev. 863, 873, (1962); see, e.g., ICC v. Cincin-
nati, N. O. & T. P. R. Co., (1897).18 Ac-
cordingly, in that sphere, the "traditional regulatory notion
of the 'just and reasonable' rate" may mean something. Ver-
izon, 535 U. S., at 481. But outside that sphere, the same
phrase may amount to little more than an instruction to go
forth and do good. See Schechter Poultry, 295 U. S., at 539 -- 
540; G. Lawson, Delegation and Original Meaning, 88 Va.
L. Rev. 327, 386 (2002).
Here's the point: Just because a phrase carries a well-un-
derstood historic meaning in one context does not mean the
same phrase " 'in the abstract' " will suffice in every other
setting to satisfy the intelligible principle test. Reply Brief
for Federal Petitioners 3. So the fact that petitioners and
the Court can point to past decisions approving the use of a
broad phrase in a different domain proves nothing. In-
stead, it falls to petitioners and the Court to show that the
statutory terms presently before us, properly understood in
their particular context, do in fact provide significant con-
straints on the FCC as it exercises a significant power.
That is a burden petitioners and the Court have not car-
ried and cannot carry. When (1) speaks of "universal
service," it does not invoke " 'concepts with a long history at
common law.' " Supra, at 31. To the contrary, everyone
agrees that "ripped apart" the old understanding of
"universal service" and cleared the ground for a new one.
Huber.10; see Part I -- A, supra; Brief for Federal Petition-
ers 3; Brief for Petitioner SHLB Coalition et al. 3. Worse,
even if one term or another in (1) or (1) -- (7)
might claim some meaning-giving ancestry, the statute's
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
18 As a rule, the "just and reasonable" standard requires agencies to

balance "the investor and the consumer interests," FPC v. Hope Natural
Gas Co., (1944), in order to approximate the "bounds
that would be drawn by market forces in a non-monopolistic market,"
Jersey Central Power & Light Co. v. FERC, 810 F. 2d 1168, 1190 (CADC
1987) (Starr, J., concurring).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

mix of four factors and six (or more) principles lacks any
such pedigree. Whether those factors and principles need
only be considered, as the statute says, or whether they
must always be met, as the Court now suggests, the FCC
truly must blaze its own trail.
Notice, too, where trails like this lead. If context could be
cast aside, and a phrase like "just and reasonable" might
suffice in every season, nothing would stop Congress from
granting agencies limitless legislative power. Congress
might delegate to the Secretary of Education the authority
to set a "just and reasonable" tax on university endowments
in order to fund universal education -- defined, of course, ac-
cording to four factors and six (or more) incommensurable
principles. Congress might instruct the Secretary of Health
and Human Services to impose a "just and reasonable" tax
on pharmaceutical sales in order to subsidize "universal
health coverage," defined as an "evolving level" of care that
should be available "at just, reasonable, and affordable
rates" to patients "in all regions of the Nation." Or Con-
gress might let the Treasury Department set whatever "just
and reasonable" income tax rates were needed to trim the
national debt to a level "consistent with the public interest,
convenience, and necessity." If these possibilities strike you
as unhinged, it is because you appreciate that the permis-
sible scope of delegation must depend on context and the
nature and scope of the power conferred.19
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
19 The Court declines to defend two other arguments petitioners ad-

vance. First, petitioners point to a tax enacted in 1798 as an early in-
stance of broad tax delegation. Brief for Federal Petitioners 23; Brief for
Petitioner Competitive Carriers Association et al. 27 -- 28. But the 1798
tax was a direct tax, and it included an explicit numerical cap on total
receipts ($2 million), apportioned by State. 1 Stat. 597 -- 598; see also Part
II -- A;, supra. So it provides no precedent for. Second, peti-
tioners point to statutes "granting the President broad authority to set
or change tariffs." Brief for Federal Petitioners 36; see Reply Brief for
Petitioner Competitive Carriers Association et al. 10 -- 11. But it may be,
as the Court's failure to invoke this argument suggests, that tariffs and
34 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

C
Running out of precedents to work with, the Court sug-
gests, finally, that it would be "absurd" to ask Congress to
provide more guidance than it has. Ante, at 18. The argu-
ment runs this way. Respondents suggest, and I agree, that
Congress could readily cure 's nondelegation problem.
All it needs to do is set a tax rate or (perhaps) specify a nu-
merical cap or its equivalent. The Court does not dispute
that a legislatively defined tax rate would amount to mean-
ingful guidance. But, the Court contends, some hypothet-
ical caps could be pointless. What if Congress capped re-
ceipts at $5 trillion? Ibid. To suggest that such a law would
provide an "intelligible principle," while insisting that
and (c)(1) do not, strikes the Court as mindless for-
malism. Ibid.
Up to a point, I agree. It may well be that a rate is usually
required to give a domestic tax law an intelligible principle
outside the context of direct taxes. See Part II -- A, supra.
Imagine, for instance, that Congress told the IRS to collect
$50 trillion of income tax from the American people and left
it at that. Few, I suspect, would suggest that instruction
supplies sufficient guidance. But even assuming that a cap
alone might be permissible when it comes to, the Court
too readily dismisses its constitutional value.
Forcing Congress to supply some cap, any cap, would ad-
vance the nondelegation doctrine's purpose of ensuring
"that the lines of accountability [remain] clear." Gundy,
588 U. S., at 155 (GORSUCH, J., dissenting). If Congress
adopted the Court's ludicrously hypothetical $5 trillion uni-
versal-service tax, the American people would at least know
whom to thank when the corresponding charges showed up

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
domestic taxes present different contexts when it comes to the problem
of delegation. Cf. Department of Transportation v. Association of Ameri-
can Railroads, (2015) (THOMAS, J., concurring in judg-
ment); Gundy, 588 U. S., at 159 -- 160 (GORSUCH, J., dissenting).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

on their phone bills. Even if the FCC chose to collect only a
fraction of that amount, every Member of Congress would
have to explain to his constituents where he stood on a po-
tential $5 trillion tax. Far more realistically, of course, Con-
gress would never contemplate such a silly law, precisely to
avoid those awkward conversations (and the electoral con-
sequences that could follow).
And that's exactly the point. The framers divided power
among legislative, executive, and judicial branches not out
of a desire for formal tidiness, but to ensure ours would in-
deed be a Nation ruled by "We the People." See id., at 152.
By vesting executive power in a single President, the fram-
ers hoped to ensure vigorous enforcement of the laws. See
United States v. Arthrex, Inc., (2021)
(GORSUCH, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part).
And by vesting judicial power in life-tenured judges, they
hoped to ensure laws would be applied fairly by those insu-
lated from political pressure. See SEC v. Jarkesy, -- 148 (2024) (GORSUCH, J., concurring). But, as the
framers saw it, the power to make the laws that govern our
society belongs to elected representatives more accountable
to the people in whose name they act. See Gundy, 588 U. S.,
at 154 -- 157 (GORSUCH, J., dissenting). And nowhere did the
framers see that principle as applying with greater force
than in the field of taxation. See Part II -- A, supra.
In so many other arenas, this Court vigorously polices the
Constitution's allocation of power. We have refused to tol-
erate congressional intrusions on powers reserved to the
President. See Gundy, 588 U. S., at 168 (GORSUCH, J., dis-
senting). We have prohibited the Executive from encroach-
ing on power vested in Congress. Ibid. We have found un-
constitutional, too, legislation seeking to confer judicial
power on the other branches. Ibid.
Yet there is one exception. When Congress has willingly
surrendered its power to the Executive Branch, this Court's
responses can only be described as feeble. Always, to be
36 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

sure, the Court dutifully recites the creed that "[l]egislative
power... belongs to the legislative branch, and to no
other." Ante, at 10. Too often, though, these professions
amount (at most) to faith without works, and the results are
not hard to see. Today, the "vast majority" of the rules that
govern our society are not made by Congress, but by Presi-
dents or agencies they struggle to superintend. J. Adler &
C. Walker, Delegation and Time, 105 Iowa L. Rev. 1931,
1975 (2020). Those rules reflect not the public deliberations
of elected representatives, but the concerns of small cadres
of elites. And as those cadres turn over from administration
to administration, the rules revolve, too, inflicting whiplash
on those who must live under them. If there is any con-
sistency over time, it may be because Presidents and their
deputies do not always call the shots: Lower level officials,
unknown to the public and sometimes even to the White
House, now make many of the rules we live by. See N. Rao,
The Hedgehog & the Fox in Administrative Law, 150 Daed-
alus 220, 228 -- 229 (Summer 2021).
To its credit, the Court has sometimes mitigated its fail-
ure to police legislative delegations by deploying other tools,
like the major questions doctrine and de novo review of stat-
utory terms, to ensure the Executive "act[s] within the con-
fines set by Congress." Ante, at 8 (KAVANAUGH, J., concur-
ring); see Gundy, 588 U. S., at 166 -- 168 (GORSUCH, J.,
dissenting). But every doctrine has its limits. What hap-
pens when Congress, weary of the hard business of legislat-
ing and facing strong incentives to pass the buck, cedes its
lawmaking power, clearly and unmistakably, to an execu-
tive that craves it? See id., at 156. No canon of construction
can bar the way. Then, our anemic approach to legislative
delegations leaves the Court with a choice. It can permit
the delegation to stand and move us all one step further
from being citizens in a self-governing republic and one step
closer to being subjects of quadrennial kings and long-ten-
ured bureaucrats. Or the Court can, as it does today, usurp
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 37

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

legislative power, rewrite the statute, and dictate its own
terms for Congress's surrender. Either way, we wind up in
much the same place, only now with judges, rather than
Presidents or bureaucrats, making our laws.
There is another way. The Constitution promises that
our elected representatives in Congress, and they alone,
will make the laws that bind us. To honor that commit-
ment, historical practice and our cases suggest other
guides, beyond the intelligible principle test, for assessing
when Congress has impermissibly ceded legislative power,
as I have pointed out before. See id., at 157 -- 162. As I have
observed, too, when Chief Justice Taft first used the phrase
"intelligible principle," he did not aim to displace those tra-
ditional guides, only to summarize them. Id., at 162 ; see also, supra.
Someday, soon, we should find our way back. By employing
the modern, enfeebled form of the intelligible principle test,
we do the Constitution no favors. And by approving a dele-
gation of Congress's taxing power unprecedented in this
Court's history, we risk making matters worse yet.20

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
20 JUSTICE KAVANAUGH submits that delegations to the President "have

been a regular feature of American Government" since the founding.
Ante, at 2 (concurring opinion). But in drawing conclusions from those
precedents, precision matters. Like the modern intelligible principle
test, traditional nondelegation doctrine paid close attention to the kind
of power at stake. For instance, delegations posed fewer problems in the
field of foreign affairs, where many "powers are constitutionally vested
in the president under Article II." Gundy, 588 U. S., at 159 (GORSUCH,
J., dissenting); see ante, at 9 (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring). More gener-
ally, while Congress could not delegate "powers which are strictly and
exclusively legislative," Wayman v. Southard, 10 Wheat. 1, 42 -- 43 (1825),
it could assign other branches "certain non-legislative responsibilities,"
particularly powers historically within the Executive's prerogative.
Gundy, 588 U. S., at 159 (GORSUCH, J., dissenting); see McConnell 328 -- 
335. So, for instance, Congress could give the President broad "authority
to lay embargoes" during a congressional recess. Ante, at 2 -- 3, 
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring) ; see
38 FCC v. CONSUMERS' RESEARCH

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Still, there is room for some optimism. The Court today
cannot bring itself to say that (3) and (h)(2) survive
even its milquetoast version of the intelligible principle
test. The Court also refuses to sustain (1) as en-
acted, feeling obliged instead to rewrite that provision be-
fore upholding it. I can imagine worse outcomes than those
small steps toward home. But we can and should do better.
When it comes to other aspects of the separation of powers,
we have found manageable ways to honor the Constitution's
design. This one requires no less of us.
Respectfully, I dissent.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
McConnell 99. Likewise, Congress could grant the President broad dis-
cretion over "military pensions," "patents," and "post roads" -- for none of
those things implicated traditionally legislative functions. Ante, at 2,
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring); see McConnell 154, 331 -- 333. And even
within the heartland of legislative power, Congress could authorize the
executive to find facts and " 'fill up the details' " of whatever policies Con-
gress had set. See Gundy, 588 U. S., at 157 -- 159 (GORSUCH, J., dissent-
ing); cf. G. Lawson, A Private-Law Framework for Subdelegation, in The
Administrative State Before the Supreme Court: Perspectives on the
Nondelegation Doctrine 123 (P. Wallison & J. Yoo eds. 2022). So, histor-
ically, Congress could empower the executive and judicial branches to do
quite a lot -- except make the laws that govern us.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 1
Pages 124 -- 186

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
March 15, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
124 OCTOBER TERM, 2023

Syllabus

PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the eighth circuit
No. 22 -- 340. Argued October 2, 2023 -- Decided March 15, 2024
After pleading guilty to distributing at least 50 grams of methamphet-
amine, petitioner Mark Pulsifer faced a mandatory minimum sentence
of 15 years in prison. At sentencing, he sought to take advantage of
the "safety valve" provision of federal sentencing law, which allows a
sentencing court to disregard the statutory minimum if a defendant
meets fve criteria. Among those is the requirement, set out in Para-
graph (f)(1), that the sentencing court fnd that -- 
(1) the defendant does not have -- 
(A) more than 4 criminal history points, excluding any criminal
history points resulting from a 1-point offense, as determined
under the sentencing guidelines;
(B) a prior 3-point offense, as determined under the sentencing
guidelines; and

Page Proof Pending Publication
(C) a prior 2-point violent offense, as determined under the sentenc-
ing guidelines.
The Government argued that Pulsifer could not satisfy that requirement
because he had two prior three-point offenses totaling six criminal-
history points. In the Government's view, each of those prior offenses
disqualifed him under Subparagraph B and the six total points disquali-
fed him under Subparagraph A. But Pulsifer claimed he remained
eligible. He pointed out that his criminal record lacked a two-point
violent offense, as specifed in Subparagraph C. And in his view, only
the combination of the items listed in the subparagraphs could prevent
him from getting safety-valve relief. The District Court agreed with
the Government, and the Eighth Circuit affrmed.
Held: A defendant facing a mandatory minimum sentence is eligible for
safety-valve relief under 18 U. S. C. (1) only if he satisfes each
of the provision's three conditions -- or said more specifcally, only if he
does not have more than four criminal-history points, does not have a
prior three-point offense, and does not have a prior two-point violent
offense. Pp. 132 -- 153.
(a) Each party offers a grammatically permissible way to read Para-
graph (f)(1). Under Pulsifer's reading, the word "and" joins three fea-
tures of a defendant's criminal history into a single disqualifying charac-
 Cite as: (2024) 125

Syllabus

teristic; accordingly, a defendant is ineligible for the safety valve only if
he has the items listed in Subparagraphs A, B, and C in combination.
In the Government's view, "and" connects three criminal-history condi-
tions, all of which must be satisfed to gain safety-valve relief. In other
words, the court must fnd the defendant does not have A, does not have
B, and does not have C. Each of those readings is possible in the ab-
stract. The choice between the two can sensibly be made only by exam-
ining the content of Paragraph(f)(1)'s three subparagraphs, including
what they say, how they relate to each other, and how they ft with
other pertinent law. Pp. 132 -- 141.
(b) The text and context of Paragraph (f)(1), as read against the
Guidelines, yield just one plausible statutory construction. The para-
graph creates an eligibility checklist, and specifes three necessary con-
ditions for safety-valve relief. Reading the paragraph as Pulsifer does
to set out a single condition -- i. e., that the defendant not have the com-
bination of the characteristics listed in Subparagraphs A, B, and C -- 
would create two statutory diffculties that the Government's reading
does not. Pp. 141 -- 149.
(1) Pulsifer's reading would render Subparagraph A superfuous
because a defendant who has a three-point offense under Subparagraph
B and a two-point offense under Subparagraph C will always have more
Page Proof Pending Publication
than four criminal-history points under Subparagraph A. That reading
leaves Subparagraph A with no work to do: removing it from the statute
would make the exact same people eligible (and ineligible) for relief.
That kind of superfuity, in and of itself, refutes Pulsifer's reading.
When a statutory construction "render[s] an entire subparagraph mean-
ingless," this Court has noted, the canon against surplusage applies with
special force. National Assn. of Mfrs. v. Department of Defense,. That is particularly true when, as here, the subpara-
graph is so evidently designed to serve a concrete function. Pp. 142 -- 146.
(2) Pulsifer's reading would also create a second problem related to
Paragraph (f)(1)'s gatekeeping function. The Guidelines presume that
defendants with worse criminal records -- exhibiting recidivism, lengthy
sentences, and violence -- deserve greater punishment. Under the Gov-
ernment's reading, Paragraph (f )(1) sorts defendants accordingly.
When the defendant has committed multiple non-minor offenses, he can-
not get relief (Subparagraph A). And so too when he has committed
even a single serious offense punished with a lengthy prison sentence
(Subparagraph B) or one involving violence (Subparagraph C). Pulsi-
fer's reading, by contrast, would allow safety-valve relief to defendants
with more serious records while barring relief to defendants with less
serious ones. A defendant with a three-point offense and a two-point
126 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

violent offense would be denied relief. But a defendant with multiple
three-point violent offenses could get relief simply because he happens
not to have a two-point violent offense.
Contrary to Pulsifer's view, that anomalous result cannot be ignored
on the ground that a sentencing judge retains discretion to impose a
lengthy sentence. If Congress thought it could always rely on sentenc-
ing discretion, it would not have created a criminal-history requirement
in the frst instance. Instead, it specifed a requirement that allows
such discretion to operate only if a defendant's record does not reach a
certain level of seriousness. Pulsifer's construction of Paragraph (f)(1)
makes a hash of that gatekeeping function. Pp. 146 -- 149.
(c) The uncontested fact that Congress amended Paragraph (f)(1) as
part of the First Step Act to make safety-valve relief more widely avail-
able does not assist in interpreting the statutory text here. Both par-
ties' views of the paragraph widen the opportunity for safety-valve re-
lief, and Pulsifer's interpretation is not better just because it would
allow more relief than the Government's. "[N]o law pursues its...
purpose[s] at all costs." Luna Perez v. Sturgis Public Schools,. Here, where Congress did not eliminate but only cur-
tailed mandatory minimums, the Court can do no better than examin-
ing Paragraph (f)(1)'s text in context to determine the exact contours
Page Proof Pending Publication
of the defendants to whom Congress extended safety-valve relief.
Pp. 151 -- 152.
(d) The Court rejects Pulsifer's efforts to invoke the rule of lenity.
Lenity applies only when a statute is genuinely ambiguous. For the
reasons explained above, although there are two grammatically permis-
sible readings of Paragraph (f)(1), in context its text is susceptible of
only one possible construction. That leaves no role for lenity to play.
Pp. 152 -- 153.
39 F. 4th 1018, affrmed.

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Thomas, Alito, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ., joined. Gorsuch,
J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Sotomayor and Jackson, JJ., joined,
post, p. 155.

Shay Dvoretzky argued the cause for petitioner. With
him on the briefs were Parker Rider-Longmaid, Kyser
Blakely, and J. Robert Black.
Frederick Liu argued the cause for the United States.
With him on the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, As-
 Cite as: (2024) 127

Opinion of the Court

sistant Attorney General Polite, Deputy Solicitor General
Feigin, and Francesco Valentini.*

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
The "safety valve" provision of federal sentencing law ex-
empts certain defendants from mandatory minimum penal-
ties, thus enabling courts to give them lighter prison terms.
To qualify for safety-valve relief, a defendant must meet var-
ious criteria, one of which addresses his criminal history.
That criterion, in stylized form, requires that a defendant
"does not have A, B, and C" -- where A, B, and C refer to
three ways in which past criminality may suggest future
dangerousness and therefore warrant a more severe sen-
tence. In brief (with details below), A, B, and C are "more
than 4 criminal history points," a "3-point offense," and a
"2-point violent offense."
The question presented is how to understand the criminal-
Page Proof Pending Publication
history requirement. The Government contends that the
phrase "does not have A, B, and C" creates a checklist with
three distinct conditions. On that view, a defendant meets
the requirement (and so is eligible for safety-valve relief) if
he does not have A, does not have B, and does not have C.
Or stated conversely, a person fails to meet the requirement
(and so cannot get relief) if he has any one of the three. The
petitioner here instead contends that the phrase "does not
have A, B, and C" sets out a single, amalgamated condition
for relief. On his reading, a defendant meets the require-
ment (and is eligible for relief) so long as he does not have

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Americans for
Prosperity Foundation by Michael Pepson; for FAMM et. al by David
Debold, Jeffrey T. Green, David D. Cole, Brandon Buskey, Mary Price,
and Peter Goldberger; and for the National Association of Federal Defend-
ers by Vincent J. Brunkow and Michael Holley.
Philip D. Williamson fled a brief for Thomas R. Lee et al. as amici
curiae.
128 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the combination of A, B, and C. Or put conversely, he fails
to meet the requirement (and cannot get relief) only when
he has all three. Today, we agree with the Government's
view of the criminal-history provision.

I
Congress sometimes establishes mandatory minimum pen-
alties for crimes, including drug offenses. Those provisions
put a lower limit on a court's sentencing discretion, refecting
Congress's judgment that specifed conduct demands no less
than a specifed punishment. For drug offenses of the kind
involved here, the existence and length of minimum penalties
typically depend on the type and quantity of the drug at
issue, the harm resulting from the crime, and (relevant here)
the defendant's criminal history.
The safety-valve provision, 18 U. S. C., offers
some defendants convicted of drug offenses an escape from
Page Proof Pending Publication
otherwise applicable mandatory minimums. Under the pro-
vision, a court is to sentence a defendant "without regard to
any statutory minimum" if it fnds that fve criteria are met.
Ibid. Three of the criteria focus on characteristics of the
offense -- in brief, whether the defendant used violence;
whether the crime resulted in death or serious injury;
and whether the defendant acted as a ringleader. See
(2) -- (4). One of the criteria addresses the defend-
ant's cooperation with the Government. See (5).
And one -- the frst listed and the most relevant here -- 
concerns the defendant's criminal history. See (1).
The complete text of the safety-valve provision is set out in
this opinion's appendix.
The criminal-history requirement -- we usually call it Para-
graph (f)(1) -- recently underwent a substantial revision,
making it easier for a defendant to meet. As originally
enacted, the paragraph limited safety-valve relief to defend-
ants who "d[id] not have more than 1 criminal history point,
as determined under the sentencing guidelines." Vio-
 Cite as: (2024) 129

Opinion of the Court

lent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, 108
Stat. 1985. What that meant in practice -- we explain why
just below -- was that anything more than a single minor
crime barred a defendant from gaining relief. But that is
no longer so. In the First Step Act of 2018, Congress re-
laxed the safety-valve provision's criminal-history require-
ment, enabling defendants with more signifcant criminal
records to qualify. Pub. L. 115 -- 391, 132 Stat. 5221. Today,
Paragraph (f)(1) is met if "the court fnds at sentencing"
that:
the defendant does not have -- 
(A) more than 4 criminal history points, excluding
any criminal history points resulting from a 1-point of-
fense, as determined under the sentencing guidelines;
(B) a prior 3-point offense, as determined under the
sentencing guidelines; and
(C) a prior 2-point violent offense, as determined
Page Proof Pending Publication
under the sentencing guidelines.

And if the defendant also meets Section 3553(f)'s other four
criteria, he becomes exempt from a statutory minimum.
As the text makes clear, the new Paragraph (f)(1) (like the
old one) turns on the defendant's criminal-history points
under the Guidelines. In general, the severity of Guidelines
sentencing recommendations increases with the number of
criminal-history points the defendant has (often called his
criminal-history score). And the Guidelines assign more
points to more serious prior offenses. There is a caveat to
that rule, which will become pertinent later. See infra, at
143 -- 146. Some prior convictions, even if for serious offenses,
do not add any points to a defendant's score. That is true, for
example, if the conviction is quite old or if it was rendered
by a foreign court. See U. S. Sentencing Guidelines (USSG).2(e)(3), (h). But putting such exceptions aside, convic-
tions resulting in longer prison sentences add more points
to a defendant's total. As previewed above, the Guidelines
130 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

award one point for minor offenses -- specifcally, for those
resulting in sentences of less than 60 days. In the new
Paragraph (f)(1), those minor sentences do not matter at all:
Because of the "excluding" phrase, they cannot, either alone
or in combination, prevent a defendant from gaining safety-
valve relief. But longer sentences, generating more points,
fall within the paragraph's notice. A prison sentence of be-
tween 60 days and 13 months earns two points under the
Guidelines. See.1(b). So a conviction punished with
that sentence will count, for purposes of the paragraph, as a
"prior 2-point offense," assuming it is also "violent" (as de-
fned in a nearby provision). (1)(C), (g). Moving
up another notch, a sentence exceeding 13 months earns
three points under the Guidelines. See.1(a). So a
conviction giving rise to that greater penalty (whether or not
violent) will qualify under the paragraph as a "prior 3-point
offense." (1)(B).
Page Proof Pending Publication
This case involves a dispute about whether Paragraph
(f)(1) bars petitioner Mark Pulsifer from gaining safety-valve
relief. Pulsifer pleaded guilty in 2020 to distributing at
least 50 grams of methamphetamine. He faced a mandatory
minimum of 15 years in prison unless the safety-valve provi-
sion came to his aid. The Government claimed it did not
because Pulsifer could not meet its criminal-history require-
ment. Pulsifer had two relevant prior convictions, each for
a three-point offense. In the Government's view, that fact
disqualifed Pulsifer from obtaining relief several times over.
He had not just one but two "prior 3-point offense[s]," as
specifed in Subparagraph B of the requirement. And be-
cause three plus three equals six, he also had "more than 4
criminal history points," as specifed in Subparagraph A.
But Pulsifer claimed that was still not enough. He pointed
out that his criminal record lacked a "2-point violent of-
fense," as specifed in Subparagraph C. And in his view,
only the combination of the items listed in the three subpara-
 Cite as: (2024) 131

Opinion of the Court

graphs -- the full package, as it were -- could prevent him
from getting safety-valve relief.
The District Court rejected Pulsifer's argument, ruling
that a defendant is "ineligible for safety valve" relief if he
has any of the "three things" specifed in Paragraph (f)(1).
App. to Pet. for Cert. 35a -- 36a. The mandatory minimum,
the court concluded, thus applied to Pulsifer's sentence.
The Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit affrmed.
The court framed the question as "in what sense the statute
uses the word `and.' " 39 F. 4th 1018, 1021 (2022). In the
abstract, the court stated, the phrase "the defendant does
not have (A), (B), and (C)" might be read in two different
ways. It could mean that the defendant does not have the
combination of the "three elements listed in (A), (B), and
(C)," as Pulsifer urged. Ibid. Or it could mean, as the Gov-
ernment argued, that the defendant does not have every one
of those elements -- in other words, that he does not have
Page Proof Pending Publication
(A), does not have (B), and does not have (C). In choosing
between those readings, the court found a "strong textual
basis" to prefer the Government's. Ibid. If Pulsifer were
right, the court explained, Subparagraph A would be "ren-
dered superfuous" -- without the slightest effect. Ibid. "A
defendant who has a prior three-point offense under [Sub-
paragraph B] and a prior two-point violent offense under
[Subparagraph C] would always meet the criterion in [Sub-
paragraph A], because he would always have more than four
criminal history points." Ibid. That was reason enough to
read Paragraph (f)(1) the other way -- as an "eligibility check-
list" of three distinct conditions, each of which the defendant
must meet to qualify for safety-valve relief. Id., at 1022.
And on that view, the court concluded, Pulsifer could not
escape a mandatory minimum: Because he had a pair of
three-point offenses, it was simply "immaterial" that he did
not also "have a prior two-point violent offense." Id., at
1022 -- 1023.
132 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

We granted certiorari, 598 U. S. -- -- -- (2023), because the
Courts of Appeals have split over how to read the safety-
valve provision's criminal-history requirement.1 Today, we
adopt the Government's view, and so affrm the decision
below. A defendant is eligible for safety-valve relief under
Paragraph (f)(1) only if he "does not have" all three of the
items listed -- or said more specifcally, does not have four
criminal-history points, does not have a prior three-point of-
fense, and does not have a prior two-point violent offense.
The paragraph thus creates an eligibility checklist, and de-
mands that a defendant satisfy every one of its conditions.

II
We start with Paragraph (f)(1)'s grammatical structure,
because Pulsifer's main argument (and initially the dissent's)
is that it resolves this case. See Brief for Pulsifer 16 -- 20;
post, at 161 -- 162 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.).2 Recall that the
Page Proof Pending Publication
paragraph requires a court to fnd that the defendant does
not have the features specifed in Subparagraphs A, B, and
C. "Because Congress used `and' to connect" those subpara-
graphs, Pulsifer contends, "a defendant is ineligible" for
safety-valve relief "only if he has the complete combo" -- i. e.,
more than four criminal-history points plus a prior three-
point offense plus a prior two-point violent one. Brief for
Pulsifer 19. That result follows, Pulsifer claims, simply
1
Compare 39 F. 4th 1018 (CA8 2022) (case below) (holding that a defend-
ant is eligible for relief only if he does not have all three of the items
listed); United States v. Palomares, 52 F. 4th 640 (CA5 2022) (same);
United States v. Haynes, 55 F. 4th 1075 (CA6 2022) (same); United States
v. Pace, 48 F. 4th 741 (CA7 2022) (same), with United States v. Jones, 60
F. 4th 230 (CA4 2023) (holding that a defendant is eligible for relief so long
as he does not have any one of the items listed); United States v. Lopez,
998 F. 3d 431 (CA9 2021) (same); United States v. Garcon, 54 F. 4th 1274
(CA11 2022) (en banc) (same).
2
As later noted, infra, at 140, the dissent ultimately comes around to
the view that the meaning of Paragraph (f)(1) depends on context, see
post, at 168 -- 169.
 Cite as: (2024) 133

Opinion of the Court

from "what ordinary grammar says." Tr. of Oral Arg. 3.
But in fact grammar does not say so much. There are two
grammatically permissible ways to read Paragraph (f)(1).
Yes, one is Pulsifer's. But the other is the Government's -- 
that a defendant is ineligible for relief unless he can satisfy
each of the paragraph's three conditions. The choice be-
tween the two, as this Part shows, is not a matter of gram-
matical rules. It can sensibly be made only by examining,
as the next Part does, the paragraph's content, as read in
conjunction with the Guidelines. Or, as we usually say in
statutory construction cases, by reviewing text in context.
"And," in grammatical terms, is of course a conjunction -- 
a word whose function is to connect specifed items. Both
parties here agree with that elementary proposition. See
Brief for Pulsifer 18; Brief for United States 14. The word
"and," each might say, means... well, and. Indeed, to the
extent elaboration is needed, both parties select the same
Page Proof Pending Publication
defnition from the same dictionary. "And," they recite in
concert, means "along with or together with." Webster's
Third New International Dictionary 80 (1993); see Brief for
Pulsifer 18; Brief for United States 14.
Where things get more complicated is in fguring out what
goes along or together with what -- or otherwise said, what
the "and" in Paragraph (f)(1) connects. As Pulsifer reads
the paragraph, the "and" joins three features of a defendant's
criminal history into a single disqualifying characteristic.
The conjunction of Subparagraphs A, B, and C produces the
thing he labels "the complete combo"; the question then be-
comes whether the defendant has or "does not have" that full
package. Brief for Pulsifer 19; (1). Some grade-
school math notation may help reveal the proposed ordering.
It is as if Pulsifer inserted parentheses into the paragraph,
so that it asks whether "the defendant does not have (A, B,
and C)." Much as a student would solve "5 - (2 + 1)" by frst
adding 2 and 1 and then subtracting the sum from 5, so Pul-
sifer wants a court frst to combine A, B, and C and then to
134 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

determine whether the defendant has the total. By con-
trast, the Government reads the statute without parenthe-
ses, and so arrives at a different conclusion. On its view,
the "does not have" language operates on A, and on B, and
on C consecutively, rather than on the three combined. So
the "and" connects three criminal-history conditions, all of
which must be satisfed to gain safety-valve relief. Or said
another way, Paragraph (f)(1) requires that the defendant
does not have A, and also does not have B, and fnally does
not have C. If he has even one, he cannot complete the req-
uisite checklist and so cannot gain the safety valve's benefts.
The Government's view rests on a routine aspect of
expression -- that an introductory phrase (here, "does not
have") may apply to, or modify, several terms coming after
it, one by one by one. Suppose a person says after visiting
a bookstore, "I bought a novel, a memoir, and a travel guide."
That is just a more effcient way of saying "I bought a novel,
bought a memoir, and bought a travel guide." The verb in
Page Proof Pending Publication
the sentence carries over -- some grammarians use the term
"distribut[es]" -- to every item on the ensuing list. B. Gar-
ner, Dictionary of Legal Usage 639 (3d ed. 2011). That prac-
tice is pervasive, indeed inescapable, in every kind of speech
and writing. Consider this, perhaps half-remembered line
from childhood: "On Saturday he ate through one piece of
chocolate cake, one ice-cream cone, one pickle, one slice of
Swiss cheese, one slice of salami, one lollipop, one piece of
cherry pie, one sausage, one cupcake, and one slice of wa-
termelon." E. Carle, The Very Hungry Caterpillar 15 -- 16
(2018). The introductory words "ate through" apply inde-
pendently and equivalently to each of the ten foodstuffs that
follow. Or if that example seems too trifing, take a couple
from the Constitution. Article III provides that "[t]he judi-
cial Power shall extend to all Cases... arising under this
Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties.". That statement means -- but says more concisely -- that
the judicial power extends to cases arising under the Consti-
tution; extends to cases arising under federal law; and ex-
 Cite as: (2024) 135

Opinion of the Court

tends to cases arising under treaties. The provision does
not (as Pulsifer's view might suggest) limit judges to hearing
the few cases arising simultaneously under all three kinds of
law. Similarly, Article I of the Constitution enables Con-
gress "[t]o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and
among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.",
cl. 3. That authorization goes to commerce involving each
kind of entity, not just to commerce involving the three at
once. So again, the verb phrase operates on each term seri-
atim, not on the combination of the three.3
Pulsifer claims that verb phrases do not work the same
way when "framed in the negative." Reply Brief 2. One
of his favorite examples is "don't drink and drive." Brief
for Pulsifer 16. That "doesn't mean," he observes, "that you
shouldn't drink and that you shouldn't drive, but only
[means] that you shouldn't do both at the same time." Id.,
at 18 (emphasis deleted). So too, he says, for "don't clean
the bathroom with bleach and ammonia." Id., at 12 (empha-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sis deleted). The prohibition does not go to bleach alone
and to ammonia alone; instead, it goes only to the two in
conjunction. To return to math notation, the statement is
best understood as "don't clean with (bleach and ammonia),"
rather than "don't clean with bleach and don't clean with am-
3
The dissent wrongly views this ordinary feature of language as a kind
of uncanny trick. To understand a verb as applying to each of several
ensuing terms (the dissent says) is to choose verbal "gymnastics" over
"natural" meaning. Post, at 164. The dissent's primary proof is that such
phrases can be rendered "with deleted words stricken and new ones added
in bold." Post, at 163. Well, yes, but so what? It is true, as the dissent
might say, that "I bought (1) a novel, (2) a memoir, and (3) a travel guide" is
equivalent in meaning to "I bought (1) bought a novel, (2) bought a memoir,
and (3) bought a travel guide." Cf. post, at 163 -- 164 (similarly representing
Paragraph (f)(1)). But ordinary people still understand the verb to carry
over to all the books in the sentence. The strikeouts and boldface, far
from evidencing manipulation of meaning, just illustrate how expression
can naturally work. And that is so, contra the dissent (post, at 167), when
a sentence's subject is singular (rather than plural) -- as shown by most of
the sentences in the paragraph above, many similar ones to come, see
infra, at 136, and the vast number a reader can make up on her own.
136 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

monia." See supra, at 133 -- 134. And so too, he says, here:
Paragraph (f)(1) conditions relief on a court's fnding that a
defendant "does not have (A, B, and C)," rather than that he
"does not have A, does not have B, and does not have C."
But for every negative statement Pulsifer offers up, an-
other cuts the opposite way (suggesting, as we later discuss,
that here grammar is not the primary determinant of mean-
ing). Consider two sentences discussed in The Cambridge
Grammar of the English Language. If someone says "I'm
not free on Saturday and Sunday," the Grammar notes, he
most likely means "I'm not free on Saturday and I'm not free
on Sunday"; he is not saying that although he cannot go away
for a full weekend, he can make plans on one of those days.
See R. Huddleston & G. Pullum 1298 -- 1299 (2002) (emphasis
deleted). Similarly, if a person says, "I didn't like his
mother and father," he probably means "I didn't like his
mother and I didn't like his father" -- not that he didn't like
the two in combination, but thought that either alone was
Page Proof Pending Publication
fne. Ibid. (emphasis deleted).4 Or take an example raised
in oral argument pertaining, like Paragraph (f)(1), to an
eligibility requirement: A hospital tells you that it can per-
form a medical procedure only if you "don't eat, drink,
and smoke for the preceding 12 hours." See Tr. of Oral Arg.
6 -- 8. Even Pulsifer's counsel agreed that he would not feel
free to have a steak and martini so long as he abstained
from tobacco. See ibid. The "don't" here, unlike in Pulsif-
er's examples, carries over to each action on the list (eating,
drinking, and smoking alike) -- not just to the three in
tandem.
And if those examples of negatively framed statements,
both Pulsifer's and ours, seem a tad conversational, consider

4
So too, a manual of contract drafting observes that "[t]he more natural
meaning" of "Acme shall not notify Able and Baker" is "Acme shall not
notify Able and shall not notify Baker," not that he shall not notify the
two together, but may notify either one. K. Adams, A Manual of Style
for Contract Drafting.16, p. 212 (3d ed. 2013) (emphasis deleted).
 Cite as: (2024) 137

Opinion of the Court

a statute strikingly similar in form to Paragraph (f)(1).
First return to that paragraph to remind yourself of how
it looks and reads. See supra, at 129. Now check out 34
U. S. C. :
As used in this section, the term "offenses against the
United States" does not include -- 
(1) a criminal violation of the Uniform Code of Mili-
tary Justice (10 U. S. C. 801 et seq.);
(2) an offense against the laws of the District of Co-
lumbia; and
(3) an offense triable by an Indian tribal court or
Court of Indian Offenses.

The "does not include" language at the top of course refers
independently to crimes satisfying (1), crimes satisfying (2),
and crimes satisfying (3) -- not to whatever crimes manage to
satisfy (1), (2), and (3) all at once. Or said otherwise, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
statute means exactly what it would mean if Congress had
stripped the phrase "does not include" from the prefatory
line and repeated it three times in the subsequent list. Con-
gress, we recognize, just opted to draft more concisely. And
so too it could have made that choice in drafting Paragraph
(f)(1) -- with the "does not have" phrase referring to every
item that follows. No grammatical principle precludes that
understanding of what Congress wrote.
Pulsifer protests that using the word "or" (instead of
"and") would have better conveyed the Government's read-
ing, but that claim also fails. His basic objection (echoed in
the dissent, see post, at 170 -- 171) is that Congress could have
expressed its intent more clearly. "If the government is
right" about Paragraph (f)(1)'s meaning, Pulsifer asks, "why
didn't Congress just use `or'?"; doing so would have shown
"unequivocally" that a defendant must meet all three of the
specifed conditions. Reply Brief 16; Tr. of Oral Arg. 10.
But to begin with, we do not demand (or in truth expect)
that Congress draft in the most translucent way possible.
138 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

We have "routinely construed statutes to have a particular
meaning even as we acknowledged that Congress could have
expressed itself more clearly." Luna Torres v. Lynch, (2016). And anyway, we doubt
that substituting "or" for "and" would have delivered us
from interpretive controversy. Instead, we would likely
have confronted the mirror image of the dispute before us.
The Government would have read the requirement that a
defendant "does not have A, B, or C" to mean that he "does
not have (A, B, or C)." So a defendant would get safety-
valve relief only if he doesn't have any of the three listed
criminal-history features. But Pulsifer, we suspect, would
have read the same requirement to mean that a defendant
"does not have A, does not have B, or does not have C." So
he would get safety-valve relief as long as he doesn't have a
single one of the listed features. That reading too is possi-
ble when viewed only as a matter of abstract grammar, di-
vorced from any analysis of A, B, and C's content. Even
Page Proof Pending Publication
with Pulsifer's proposed redrafting, then, the grammatical
back-and-forth would continue.5
In fact, we can see why a Congress wishing to express the
Government's view might have chosen to use "and." Sup-
pose that before putting words to the page, Congress had
5
That is not to say, of course, that any negative statement involving the
word "or" is realistically capable of two meanings; the point is only that
context may drive such a statement in either direction. Consider two
examples. First, suppose a restaurant chef decides to buy broccoli if his
supplier "does not have spinach, eggplant, or caulifower." That most
likely means the chef will buy broccoli only when the supplier is out of all
three other vegetables, not when he is out of just one. But second, sup-
pose the same chef typically places a food order if the restaurant "does
not have meat, produce, or bread." That most likely means he'll place an
order when the restaurant runs out of one of those foodstuffs, not wait
until it is lacking all three. The grammar in the two statements is identi-
cal, but their most natural understanding is not. Here, content drives
meaning, so that in the one sentence, the absence of three items -- and in
the other sentence, the absence of one item -- triggers the relevant
purchase.
 Cite as: (2024) 139

Opinion of the Court

decided (as the Government says) to create an eligibility
checklist, requiring a defendant to meet three distinct condi-
tions before getting safety-valve relief. In the subse-
quent drafting process, an "and" could well have seemed in-
tuitive. After all, on the Government's "checklist" view, a
defendant must meet every one of three conditions -- this one
and this one and this one. Or said more concretely, the
defendant must not have "more than 4 criminal history
points" and must not have a "3-point offense" and must not
have a "2-point violent offense." So why not use an...
"and"? It serves to connect the three necessary conditions
coming off the (effcient) prefatory language. In other
words, Congress might have thought that use of the conjunc-
tive word "and" would refect the needed conjunction of
three requirements.
Consider, as a summary of all these points, Pulsifer's own
main example, because it shows why Paragraph (f)(1)'s gram-
matical structure cannot decide this case -- and points to the
Page Proof Pending Publication
kind of analysis needed instead. Pulsifer offers a college
policy, with an "and" connecting three provisions:
All student-athletes are eligible for an academic scholar-
ship, provided that the student during the previous se-
mester did not -- 
(A) miss more than fve classes;
(B) fail to submit a paper in the semesterly, campus-
wide writing competition; and
(C) earn less than a 3.0 GPA.

Brief for Pulsifer 19 (emphasis deleted). In Pulsifer's view,
the policy is clear: A student may retain his scholarship un-
less he funks "all three" of the conditions. Ibid. So a stu-
dent, Pulsifer contends, is in the clear if he "submitted a
paper in the writing competition and earned a 3.4 GPA...
even though he missed seven classes." Ibid. Which sounds
reasonable enough. But how about this one: A student who
misses only four classes, but fails to submit a competition
140 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

paper and "earns" a 1.0 GPA. Or similarly, a student who
submits a (terrible) paper, while missing all his classes and
obtaining the same "D" average. Is it now so clear that the
policy allows a student to funk two of the conditions, rather
than requiring him to satisfy all three? Or is it, at the least,
uncertain? And even supposing not, consider a variation:
All student-athletes are eligible for an academic scholar-
ship, provided that the student during the previous se-
mester did not -- 
(A) fail a course;
(B) commit plagiarism; and
(C) get arrested.

A student would need a lot of confdence to argue that he
remains scholarship-eligible when he (A) failed a course, and
(B) committed plagiarism, but (C) managed to evade arrest.
That reading -- Pulsifer's reading -- is grammatically possible.
Page Proof Pending Publication
But so too is the opposite -- that a student must meet all
three conditions. And when we think about the content of
the policy -- what (A), (B), and (C) actually say -- against the
backdrop of all we know (or perchance all the college hand-
book tells us) about academic scholarships, we cannot read
the revised hypothetical in Pulsifer's way.
The takeaway is this: Paragraph (f)(1) cannot be construed
in the abstract, as if all a reader has to go on is the stripped-
down phrase "the defendant does not have A, B, and C."
That might require the defendant not to have (A, B, and C) -- 
i. e., the combination of the three. Or it might require the
defendant not to have A, and not to have B, and not to have
C -- i. e., each of the three. Really, it all depends. (It is no-
table that even the dissent must in the end concede the point,
noting that whether a speaker "intend[s] for a listener to
distribute words implicitly" depends on the context. See
post, at 168; supra, at 132, and ). The way a reader as-
signs meaning to the phrase is to look at the substance of A,
B, and C -- the items on the list and the way they interact,
 Cite as: (2024) 141

Opinion of the Court

as against relevant background understandings. Recall a
couple of examples. See supra, at 135 -- 136. We interpret
the injunction against drinking and driving in Pulsifer's
way -- "do not (A and B)" -- because the two activities are
usually perilous only in combination. We interpret the in-
junction against eating and drinking before surgery in the
Government's way -- "do not A and do not B" -- because each
activity alone is likely to have adverse consequence. Simi-
larly here, the meaning of Paragraph (f)(1) may become clear
if we examine the content of its three subparagraphs -- what
they say and how they relate to each other -- as well as how
they ft with other pertinent law. Or stated in the usual
language of statutory construction, the answer may lie in
considering the paragraph's text in its legal context.

III
A
Page Proof
And indeed, Pending
that inquiry into text and Publication
context makes Para-
graph (f)(1)'s meaning clear. The paragraph creates an eli-
gibility checklist. It specifes three necessary conditions for
safety-valve relief -- that the defendant not have more than
four criminal-history points, not have a prior three-point of-
fense, and not have a prior two-point violent offense. Read-
ing the paragraph instead to set out a single condition -- that
the defendant not have the combination of the listed char-
acteristics -- would create two statutory diffculties. First,
Subparagraph A would become superfuous -- without any op-
erative signifcance. That is because if a defendant has a
three-point offense under Subparagraph B and a two-point
offense under Subparagraph C, he will always have more
than four criminal-history points under Subparagraph A.
Second, defendants' eligibility for relief would not corre-
spond to the seriousness of their criminal records. Instead,
a defendant with numerous violent three-point offenses could
get relief because he happens not to have a two-point offense.
The content of Subparagraphs A, B, and C, especially as read
142 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

against the Guidelines, thus answers the statutory puzzle
here -- reducing two grammatical possibilities to just one
plausible construction.
Begin with superfuity. Or actually with its absence -- 
because there is none under the Government's reading.
Each subparagraph does independent work, disqualifying de-
fendants from relief even when the others would not. Sub-
paragraph A disqualifes defendants who have more than
four criminal-history points (excluding those from a one-
point offense), even if they do not have a prior three-point
offense or a prior two-point violent offense. So, for exam-
ple, a defendant with three non-violent two-point offenses
will be barred. Subparagraph B, in turn, disqualifes de-
fendants who have any prior three-point offense, even if they
do not have a two-point violent offense or more than four
total points. And fnally, Subparagraph C disqualifes de-
fendants who have a prior two-point violent offense, even if
Page Proof Pending Publication
they do not have a three-point offense or more than four
points. The paragraph thus excludes (A) various repeat of-
fenders, along with anyone having even a single conviction
that (B) resulted in a suffciently long prison sentence or (C)
resulted in a shorter sentence but involved violence. Every
part of the paragraph has a function.
But that is not so under Pulsifer's reading, as a bit of arith-
metic reveals. Pulsifer's view, once again, is that Paragraph
(f)(1) disqualifes only defendants with the combination of the
characteristics in Subparagraphs A, B, and C -- so more than
four criminal-history points, a prior three-point offense, and
a prior two-point violent one. But because 3 + 2 = 5, and
because 5 is more than 4, a defendant with a three-point of-
fense (Subparagraph B) and a two-point violent offense (Sub-
paragraph C) will necessarily have more than four history
points (Subparagraph A). So Subparagraph A becomes
meaningless: It does no independent work. Remove it from
the statute, and what is left will make the exact same people
eligible (and ineligible) for relief.
 Cite as: (2024) 143

Opinion of the Court

And that kind of superfuity, in and of itself, refutes Pulsif-
er's reading. The problem here is no odd word or stray
phrase, which might have escaped Congress's notice. Pulsif-
er's reading would negate one of three -- indeed, the frst of
three -- provisions in the very paragraph he is trying to in-
terpret. When a statutory construction thus "render[s] an
entire subparagraph meaningless," this Court has noted, the
canon against surplusage applies with special force. Na-
tional Assn. of Mfrs. v. Department of Defense, (2018); see Chicago v. Fulton, 
(2021). And still more when the subparagraph is so evi-
dently designed to serve a concrete function. In addressing
eligibility for sentencing relief, Congress specifed three par-
ticular features of a defendant's criminal history -- A, B, and
C. It would not have done so if A had no possible effect.
It would then have enacted: B and C. But while that is the
paragraph Pulsifer's reading produces, it is not the para-
Page Proof Pending Publication
graph Congress wrote.
To escape that quandary, Pulsifer contends that under the
Guidelines a three-point offense and a two-point offense do
not always total fve criminal-history points. (The dissent
reiterates Pulsifer's assertion. See post, at 175 -- 177.) The
argument begins with a point not in dispute: Some prior con-
victions, as noted earlier, add zero points to a defendant's
criminal-history score. See supra, at 129. That is true if
the conviction is quite old; if it was rendered in a military,
tribal or foreign court; or if it merged into another conviction
because, for example, the two arose from "the same charging
instrument.".2(a)(2); see.2(e), (g) -- (i). The key
move in Pulsifer's argument is the next one: He claims that
a prior offense adding zero points to a history score can still
be a three-point or two-point offense under Paragraph (f)(1).
That happens, he says, when the sentence given for the of-
fense was long enough to otherwise add those points -- 
meaning, in the absence of the trait that reduced points to
zero. See Brief for Pulsifer 36 -- 41. Take an example: A
144 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

very old conviction contributes zero points to a defendant's
history score, no matter how long the sentence. Still, Pul-
sifer contends, it is a three-point offense when the sentence
given was suffciently long (over 13 months) to add three
points in a case not very old. And once that proposition is
accepted, Pulsifer says, superfuity disappears. Suppose a
defendant has, along with the old conviction just described,
a newer two-point violent offense. The old conviction, Pul-
sifer maintains, is a three-point offense satisfying Subpara-
graph B. And the new conviction satisfes Subparagraph C.
But the defendant has only two criminal-history points -- zero
from the old offense and two from the new -- which is not
enough to satisfy Subparagraph A. So that subparagraph,
Pulsifer concludes, has an effect: It keeps such a defendant
eligible for safety-valve relief.
But Pulsifer's argument craters because its key move is
wrong: Contrary to his view, there is no such thing under
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Guidelines as a three-point or two-point offense adding
zero points. Under Subparagraphs B and C, the terms "3-
point offense" and "2-point violent offense" are "as deter-
mined under the sentencing guidelines." (1)(B) -- (C).
And the Guidelines assign points to an offense only in the
context, and for the purpose, of "[a]dd[ing]" them to a de-
fendant's "criminal history" "total.".1. So a convic-
tion becomes a three- or two-point offense only when -- only
because -- it adds three or two points to a total history score.
Or said the other way round, only the addition of three or
two points to that score makes the offense a three- or two-
point offense. The corollary is that a conviction adding zero
points -- because, say, it is very old -- cannot be a three-
or two-point offense. It is (unsurprisingly) a zero-point
offense -- whatever would be the case if the conviction were
newer. For that reason, such a conviction cannot aid Pulsif-
er's effort to fnd a function for Subparagraph A. Because
only the addition of three or two points can make an offense
 Cite as: (2024) 145

Opinion of the Court

a three- or two-point offense, a defendant who has a prior
three-point offense and a prior two-point violent offense will
always have (arithmetic again) more than four points total.
The Guidelines' mechanics thus foreclose Pulsifer's effort to
erase the superfuity his reading creates.6
Yet more, Pulsifer's effort founders on the Guidelines'
judgments, refected in Paragraph (f)(1), about which prior
offenses warrant enhanced punishment. Consider what Pul-
sifer's zero-to-three claim entails. Because an offense add-
ing zero points can on his account satisfy Subparagraph B or
C, it can help prevent a defendant from gaining safety-valve
relief. But that result ill comports with the Guidelines.
There are, after all, reasons why the Guidelines decline to
assign points to certain offenses. The specifcs vary, but
each embodies a judgment that some types of prior convic-
tions should not have the usual weight in determining a cur-

Page
6
Proof Pending Publication
The dissent tries to save Pulsifer's effort by offering an account of the
Guidelines' mechanics different from that given in the Guidelines them-
selves. According to the dissent, the Guidelines "set forth a two-step
process" in which a judge frst "assigns points to the defendant's prior
offenses" under.1 and only then "computes the defendant's criminal
history" score under.2. Post, at 175. So, the dissent claims, a court
may frst count two or three points for an old conviction (under.1)
and then exclude those points from the computation of a history score
(under.2). See post, at 175 -- 176. But in fact there are no "two
steps" under the Guidelines. As even the dissent concedes in one self-
contradictory moment, see post, at 176, there is only a single calculation,
with.2 providing the "[d]efnitions and [i]nstructions" for.1's
"add[ing]" and "total[ing]." (Given that relationship, the commentary ex-
plains, the two provisions "must be read together." USSG ch. 4, pt. A,
intro.) And among.2's "[i]nstructions" is that old convictions simply
"not [be] counted" -- rather than, as the dissent would have it, that they
be frst counted and then uncounted. In other words, as.2's com-
mentary states, an old conviction should "receive no criminal history
points" in the.1 calculation. USSG.2 comment.,. So
again: Neither Pulsifer nor the dissent can transform an old conviction
into a two- or three-point offense.
146 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

rent sentence. Maybe the prior conviction is not as reliable
as most. Or maybe it is not so good a measure of the de-
fendant's future dangerousness. Whatever the precise ex-
planation, the Guidelines give zero points to an offense in
order to ensure that it not increase a later punishment. Ex-
cept that under Pulsifer's view it could do just that: Offenses
that the Guidelines deem irrelevant to future sentencing
might end up triggering a mandatory minimum. And like-
wise, Pulsifer's view conficts with a discrete feature of Para-
graph (f)(1). Recall that under that paragraph, an offense
earning one point cannot affect eligibility for relief, either
alone or in combination with any other offense -- presumably
because a one-point offense is just too minor. See
(1); supra, at 129 -- 130. Yet Pulsifer's theory would
allow an offense adding zero points to contribute to a fnding
that relief is barred. That claim is, again, too out-of-sync
with the statutory framework to offer an escape from his "3
Page Proof Pending Publication
+ 2 = 5" superfuity problem.
And beyond that problem lies a second, this one relating
to the way Paragraph (f)(1) precludes safety-valve relief for
defendants with serious criminal histories. The paragraph
operates as a gatekeeper: It helps get some defendants into,
and keeps other defendants out of, a world free of mandatory
minimums. And the criteria for selection, evident on the
paragraph's face, relate to just how bad a defendant's crimi-
nal record is. Pulsifer himself recognizes that fact: In de-
scribing Paragraph (f)(1), he notes that "subparagraph (A)
targets recidivism"; that "subparagraph (B) targets serious
offenses" leading to lengthy prison terms; and that "subpara-
graph (C) targets violent offenses" even though resulting in
lesser sentences. Brief for Pulsifer 25; see id., at 44 (noting
that each subparagraph addresses a "type of behavior sug-
gestive of future dangerousness"). The paragraph thus
focuses on the kinds of past criminal behavior that under
the Guidelines trigger enhanced penalties. Over and over,
the Guidelines presume that defendants with worse crimi-
 Cite as: (2024) 147

Opinion of the Court

nal records -- exhibiting recidivism, lengthy sentences, and
violence -- are "deserving of greater punishment." USSG
ch. 4, pt. A, intro. comment.; see.1; USSG ch. 5, pt. A.
Paragraph (f)(1), in line with its repeated invocation of the
Guidelines, expresses the same understanding. Put simply,
the paragraph sorts defendants for relief (or not) based on
the seriousness of their criminal history.
Under the Government's reading, Paragraph (f)(1) per-
forms that function without a hitch. When the defendant
has committed multiple non-minor offenses, he cannot get
relief (Subparagraph A). And so too when he has com-
mitted even a single offense punished with a lengthy prison
sentence (Subparagraph B) or involving violence (Subpara-
graph C). Only a defendant with none of those markers -- a
defendant who can check off every one of the three "does not
have" requirements -- is eligible for relief. So the paragraph
unerringly separates more serious prior offenders from less
Page Proof Pending Publication
serious ones, allowing only the latter through the gate.
That does not happen under Pulsifer's construction. To
the contrary, his reading would allow relief to defendants
with more serious records while barring relief to defendants
with less serious ones. Or said otherwise, the sorting ac-
complished by Pulsifer's reading does not match what Para-
graph (f)(1) and the Guidelines call for. Consider two hypo-
thetical defendants. One has fve criminal-history points
from a prior three-point offense and a prior two-point violent
offense. The other has 15 criminal-history points from fve
prior three-point offenses, every last one of a violent nature,
but... has no two-point violent offense. (All his crimes
were too serious to wind up in the two-point category.)
Which of the two defendants is the more serious prior of-
fender? The latter of course: His record exhibits greater
recidivism, lengthier sentences, and more violence. But
under Pulsifer's view of Paragraph (f)(1), which of the two
defendants is excluded from relief? The former alone. For
want of a two-point offense, the latter remains eligible to
148 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

avoid a mandatory minimum. The paragraph thus fails to
divide, at the gate for safety-valve relief, more from less seri-
ous prior offenders.7
And contrary to Pulsifer's view, that problem cannot be
solved by resort to a sentencing judge's discretion. Notably,
Pulsifer does not argue that there is any rhyme or reason
to making our serial three-point violent offender eligible for
safety-valve relief. He says only that Congress "had no rea-
son to be concerned" about that outcome because it knew
"that a sentencing court would still have discretion to impose
a proportionate sentence." Brief for Pulsifer 25; see id., at
45; see also post, at 182 -- 183 (Gorsuch, J., dissenting) (simi-
larly relying on judges' ability, even without mandatory min-
imums, to impose lengthy sentences). But that "trust in
discretion" claim cannot here work. If Congress thought it
could always rely on sentencing discretion, it would not have
created a criminal-history requirement in the frst instance.
That requirement, by its terms, confnes such discretion.
Page Proof Pending Publication
More specifcally, it allows discretion to operate only when a
defendant's record does not reach a certain level of serious-
ness. On the Government's reading, the paragraph well
performs that gatekeeping function, separating more serious
from less serious criminal histories. On Pulsifer's reading,
the paragraph does not: As just shown, it allows and denies

7
The dissent labors unsuccessfully to fnd an explanation for this state
of affairs. Here is what it comes up with: Sometimes Congress opts for
"standardized formulas" or bright-line tests even though their "over- and
under-inclusi[on]" will produce statutory "anomalies." Post, at 181 ); see post, at
182 -- 183. That is true enough, but has no application here. Pulsifer's
view of the statute is no more "standardized" than the Government's -- 
and so no more predictable or administrable. The dissent thus remains
without a plausible, or even cogent, explanation for the failure of its inter-
pretation (and its interpretation alone) to perform the statute's gatekeep-
ing role -- in Pulsifer's own words, to separate defendants whose criminal
history is more "suggestive of future dangerousness" from defendants
whose criminal history is less so. Brief for Pulsifer 44.
 Cite as: (2024) 149

Opinion of the Court

relief in ways that do not correspond to the gravity of what
a defendant has previously done. The need for a judge to
correct those results -- which Pulsifer admits -- shows that his
reading is wrong. Once again, his construction of Para-
graph (f)(1) -- however grammatical -- makes a hash of the
scheme Congress devised.
B
Pulsifer tries to tell a competing story (which the dissent
mostly adopts, see post, at 162 -- 163, 171 -- 173). Even suppos-
ing the grammar of Paragraph (f)(1) is a wash, Pulsifer con-
tends that statutory context supports his view of what that
provision means by "and." His argument invokes the "pre-
sumption of consistent usage and the meaningful-variation
canon." Brief for Pulsifer 22. Those are the terms often
given to a generally useful -- but still "defeasible" -- interpre-
tive principle: In a given statute, the same term usually has
the same meaning and different terms usually have different
Page Proof Pending Publication
meanings. A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law 170 -- 171
(2012). The principle is mostly applied to terms with some
heft and distinctiveness, whose use drafters are likely to keep
track of and standardize. See, e. g., IBP, Inc. v. Alvarez, -- 34 (2005) (construing the term "principal activity"
in the same way when used in neighboring provisions); Wis-
consin Central Ltd. v. United States, (2018)
(holding that "money remuneration" must mean something
different from "all remuneration" when used in "companion"
statutes (emphasis deleted)). Pulsifer breaks new ground in
applying the principle to words as ubiquitous and (as shown
above) sometimes context-dependent as "and" and "or." See
supra, at 132 -- 148 and this page. He argues, more specifcally,
that another "and" plus an "or" in Section 3553(f) show that
the "and" in Paragraph (f)(1) must be read his way. But
even accepting that a court can sometimes demand harmoni-
zation of "and"s and "or"s, Pulsifer's argument fails.
Take the other "and" frst. As noted earlier, the criminal-
history requirement is only one of fve conditions for safety-
150 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

valve relief set out in Section 3553(f). See supra, at 128 -- 
129. Those conditions appear in a list -- Paragraphs (f)(1)
through (f)(5) -- with an "and" linking them, just as an "and"
links Paragraph (f)(1)'s three subparagraphs. A look at the
appendix may be helpful here. See infra, at 153. The styl-
ized version of the list in Section 3553(f) (with content re-
moved) goes as follows: The safety valve operates "if the
court fnds" 1, 2, 3, 4, "and" 5.
The problem for Pulsifer is that the meaning of the "and"
in Section 3553(f) does not advance his reading of Paragraph
(f)(1). Everyone, including Pulsifer, agrees that the "and"
in Section 3553(f) connects fve requirements for safety-valve
relief, all of which a defendant must meet. In Pulsifer's
view, the Government has to read Paragraph (f)(1)'s "and"
differently to make each one of its subparagraphs disqualify-
ing. See Brief for Pulsifer 21; Reply Brief 14 -- 15. But that
is just wrong. The "and" in Section 3553(f) works identi-
cally to the "and" in the Government's reading of Paragraph
Page Proof Pending Publication
(f)(1). Section 3553(f)'s "and" creates an eligibility checklist.
A defendant fulflls that provision's requirements if the court
fnds 1, fnds 2, fnds 3, fnds 4, and (fnally) fnds 5. So the
"and" joins fve individually necessary conditions for relief.
Likewise, the "and" in the Government's construction of
Paragraph (f)(1) creates an eligibility checklist. A defend-
ant satisfes that paragraph's requirements if he does not
have A, does not have B, and (fnally) does not have C. So
again, the "and" joins several individually necessary condi-
tions for safety-valve relief. Everything is consistent, in
meaning and operation alike. It is actually Pulsifer who in-
troduces dissonance into the provision. As to the larger list,
he acknowledges that a defendant cannot get relief without
checking off 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 individually. But as to the
smaller list, Pulsifer changes the rule. Now a defendant
need not satisfy A, B, and C individually. Instead, he can
get relief so long as he does not have A, B, and C combined.
In other words, in Pulsifer's world, Section 3553(f) is an eligi-
bility checklist, but Paragraph (f)(1) is not.
 Cite as: (2024) 151

Opinion of the Court

Pulsifer's deployment of another paragraph's "or" fares no
better. Section 3553(f)(4) conditions safety-valve relief on
a fnding that the "defendant was not an organizer, leader,
manager, or supervisor of others in the offense." See supra,
at 128. Congress thus used an "or" to signify that being
any one of those things is disqualifying. Invoking the
meaningful-variation canon, Pulsifer argues that the differ-
ent term "and" in Paragraph (f)(1) must mean the opposite:
that only the combination of the listed things disqualifes a
defendant. See Brief for Pulsifer 21 -- 22. Recall that we
have already rejected Pulsifer's unadorned view that the
word "or" is needed to convey the Government's reading of
Paragraph (f)(1). See supra, at 137 -- 139. Pulsifer's addi-
tional reference to Paragraph (f)(4)'s "or" does not
strengthen his case. As we have shown throughout this
opinion, conjunctions are versatile words, which can work
differently depending on context. Here is yet another ex-
ample. As another glance at the appendix will confrm, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
relevant clause in Paragraph (f)(4) is markedly different in
length and formatting from the material in Paragraph (f)(1),
naturally leading to different choices respecting the use of
conjunctions. And anyway, Congress drafted the current
versions of the paragraphs at different times -- Paragraph
(f)(4) in 1994, Paragraph (f)(1) in 2018. See Violent Crime
Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, 108 Stat. 1985;
First Step Act of 2018, Pub. L. 115 -- 391, 132 Stat. 5221. It
would hardly be surprising if 24 years later, Paragraph
(f)(1)'s drafters did not perfectly harmonize their conjunction
usage with a dissimilar-looking nearby paragraph. There
can be few better illustrations of the "defeasib[ility]" of the
meaningful-variation canon. Scalia, Reading Law, at 171.
Finally, Pulsifer and the dissent make a misguided argument
about legislative purpose. As noted earlier, Congress enacted
the revised version of Paragraph (f)(1) as part of the First
Step Act, a signifcant sentencing reform law. See supra, at
128 -- 129. Pulsifer explains that the new provision was
meant "to make safety-valve relief more widely available."
152 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Brief for Pulsifer 22. And the dissent highlights how many
more defendants would get safety-valve relief under Pulsif-
er's reading than under the Government's. See post, at 160 -- 
161; see also post, at 155 -- 161, 173. We do not doubt the
points. But they do not assist in interpreting the statutory
text before us. Both views of the paragraph -- Pulsifer's and
the Government's -- signifcantly widen the opportunity for
safety-valve relief; recall that under the prior provision, any-
thing more than a single criminal-history point precluded
deviation from a mandatory minimum. See supra, at 128 -- 
129. And Pulsifer's interpretation is not better just because
it would go further than the Government's. "[N]o law pur-
sues its... purpose[s] at all costs." Luna Perez v. Sturgis
Public Schools, (2023). So here, Congress
did not eliminate but only curtailed mandatory minimums -- 
did not extend safety-valve relief to all defendants, but only
to some. And to determine the exact contours of that class,
we can do no better than examine Paragraph (f)(1)'s text in
Page Proof Pending Publication
context. For all the reasons given, that scrutiny reveals
that Pulsifer's view goes too far.
IV
Yet Pulsifer ( joined again by the dissent, see post, at 184 -- 
185) asserts we are not done. At the least, he claims, the
meaning of the criminal-history requirement is uncertain.
And because it is uncertain, he must win. The rule of lenity,
he says, requires courts to read "ambiguous criminal stat-
utes in favor of liberty." Brief for Pulsifer 47.
The problem is that we do not view Paragraph (f)(1) as
genuinely ambiguous.8 There are, to be sure, two grammat-
ically permissible readings of the statute when viewed in the
abstract. It may be read Pulsifer's way -- as stating that a
defendant can get safety-valve relief so long as he does not
8
For that reason, we have no need to address the Government's argu-
ment that the rule of lenity does not apply to Paragraph (f)(1) because it
is not properly considered a "penal law." Brief for United States 46 -- 47.
 Cite as: (2024) 153

Appendix to opinion of the Court

have the combination (A, B, and C). Or it may be read the
Government's way -- as stating that a defendant can get
safety-valve relief only if he does not have A, does not have
B, and does not have C. But the diffculty in choosing be-
tween those two constructions falls away once we consider
the content of Subparagraphs A, B, and C: more than four
criminal-history points (excluding points from a one-point of-
fense), a prior three-point offense, and a prior two-point vio-
lent offense, all as determined under the Sentencing Guide-
lines. Then we discover that Pulsifer's view creates glaring
superfuity, whereas the Government's view does not. And
we discover that only the Government's view renders the
provision capable of sorting more serious from less serious
criminal records, consistent with both the statute's and the
Guidelines' designs. The two possible readings thus reduce
to one -- leaving no role for lenity to play.
In sum, Paragraph (f)(1)'s criminal-history requirement
Page Proof Pending Publication
sets out an eligibility checklist. A defendant is eligible for
safety-valve relief only if he satisfes each of the paragraph's
three conditions. He cannot have more than four criminal-
history points. He cannot have a prior three-point offense.
And he cannot have a prior two-point violent offense. Be-
cause Pulsifer has two prior three-point offenses totaling six
points, he is not eligible. It makes no difference that he
does not also have a prior two-point violent offense. Ac-
cordingly, we affrm the judgment of the Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit.
It is so ordered.
APPENDIX. Imposition of a sentence.....
(f) Limitation on Applicability of Statutory Mini-
mums in Certain Cases. -- Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, in the case of an offense under section 401, 404,
or 406 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U. S. C. 841, 844,
154 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Appendix to opinion of the Court

846), section 1010 or 1013 of the Controlled Substances Im-
port and Export Act (21 U. S. C. 960, 963), or section 70503
or 70506 of title 46, the court shall impose a sentence pursu-
ant to guidelines promulgated by the United States Sentenc-
ing Commission under section 994 of title 28 without regard
to any statutory minimum sentence, if the court fnds at sen-
tencing, after the Government has been afforded the oppor-
tunity to make a recommendation, that -- 
(1) the defendant does not have -- 
(A) more than 4 criminal history points, excluding any
criminal history points resulting from a 1-point offense, as
determined under the sentencing guidelines;
(B) a prior 3-point offense, as determined under the sen-
tencing guidelines; and
(C) a prior 2-point violent offense, as determined under
the sentencing guidelines;
(2) the defendant did not use violence or credible threats
Page Proof Pending Publication
of violence or possess a frearm or other dangerous weapon
(or induce another participant to do so) in connection with
the offense;
(3) the offense did not result in death or serious bodily
injury to any person;
(4) the defendant was not an organizer, leader, manager,
or supervisor of others in the offense, as determined under
the sentencing guidelines and was not engaged in a continu-
ing criminal enterprise, as defned in section 408 of the Con-
trolled Substances Act; and
(5) not later than the time of the sentencing hearing, the
defendant has truthfully provided to the Government all in-
formation and evidence the defendant has concerning the of-
fense or offenses that were part of the same course of con-
duct or of a common scheme or plan, but the fact that the
defendant has no relevant or useful other information to pro-
vide or that the Government is already aware of the informa-
tion shall not preclude a determination by the court that the
defendant has complied with this requirement.
 Cite as: (2024) 155

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Information disclosed by a defendant under this subsection
may not be used to enhance the sentence of the defendant
unless the information relates to a violent offense.

Justice Gorsuch, with whom Justice Sotomayor and
Justice Jackson join, dissenting.
The First Step Act of 2018 may be " `the most signifcant
criminal justice reform bill in a generation.' " Brief for Sen.
Richard J. Durbin et al. as Amici Curiae in Terry v. United
States, O. T. 2020, No. 20 -- 5904, p. 9. Through the 1980s and
1990s, Congress adopted an ever-increasing number of ever-
longer mandatory minimum prison sentences. In part due
to these policies, the federal prison population grew by more
than 100% in less than a decade. In the First Step Act, Con-
gress sought to recalibrate its approach. It did so by prom-
ising more individuals the chance to avoid one-size-fts-all
mandatory minimums and receive instead sentences that ac-
Page Proof Pending Publication
count for their particular circumstances and crimes.
This dispute concerns who is eligible for individualized
sentencing and who remains subject to mandatory minimums
after the First Step Act. Before the Act, a defendant seek-
ing to avoid a mandatory minimum had to satisfy fve strin-
gent statutory tests. After the Act, all those tests remain,
only the frst is now less demanding. As revised, it provides
that a defendant may be eligible for individualized sentenc-
ing if he "does not have" three traits: (A) more than 4 crimi-
nal history points, (B) a 3-point offense, and (C) a 2-point
violent offense. In lower court proceedings, the govern-
ment admitted that this new test is "most natural[ly]" read
to mean what it says: A defendant may be eligible for indi-
vidualized sentencing unless he possesses all three listed
traits -- A, B, and C. Brief for United States in No. 19 -- 
50305 (CA9), p. 7 (Government CA9 Brief); id., at 10 -- 11; ac-
cord, Brief for United States in No. 21 -- 1609 (CA8), p. 11
(Government CA8 Brief). Despite its admission, however,
the government urges us to adopt a different construction.
156 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

It asks us to read the First Step Act as promising a defend-
ant a chance at individualized sentencing only when he does
not have any of the three listed traits -- A, B, or C.
If this difference seems a small one, it is anything but.
Adopting the government's preferred interpretation guaran-
tees that thousands more people in the federal criminal jus-
tice system will be denied a chance -- just a chance -- at an
individualized sentence. For them, the First Step Act offers
no hope. Nor, it seems, is there any rule of statutory inter-
pretation the government won't set aside to reach that re-
sult. Ordinary meaning is its frst victim. Contextual
clues follow. Our traditional practice of construing penal
laws strictly falls by the wayside too. Replacing all that are
policy concerns we have no business considering. Respect-
fully, I would not indulge any of these moves.

I
A
Page Proof Pending Publication
In approaching the dispute before us, some background
helps. Before the 1980s, federal judges generally enjoyed
broad discretion at sentencing. Often, they could impose
punishments ranging from probation up to statutorily speci-
fed maximum prison terms. Mistretta v. United States, (1989). In exercising that discretion, judges
had to "consider every convicted person as an individual" and
pick punishments that "ft the offender and not merely the
crime." Pepper v. United States, -- 488
(2011).
Today, many defendants still receive individualized sen-
tences. In the mine run of federal cases, a court will start
with sentencing guidelines the United States Sentencing
Commission has prepared at Congress's direction. The
guidelines help a court identify a range of presumptively rea-
sonable sentences tailored to the defendant and his crime.
See Rita v. United States, (2007). That
 Cite as: (2024) 157

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

range depends on an "offense level," a fgure that takes into
account the seriousness of the defendant's crime and his role
in it, as well as the defendant's "criminal history" score, a
tallying that accounts for his past misconduct. United
States Sentencing Commission, Guidelines Manual.1,
4A1.1 -- 4A1.2, ch. 5, pt. A (Nov. 2023) (USSG); see Rosales-
Mireles v. United States, -- 134 (2018). The
guidelines, however, are just that. A sentencing judge may
sometimes depart or vary from the guidelines' recommended
range, picking a lower or higher sentence if it best fts the
defendant and broader penological goals Congress has in-
structed courts to consider. See Gall v. United States, 49 -- 50 (2007); 18 U. S. C..
In the 1980s and 1990s, Congress pursued a different ap-
proach for certain drug offenses. See Anti-Drug Abuse Act
of 1986, 100 Stat. 3207 -- 2 to 3207 -- 4; Anti-Drug Abuse Act of
1988, 102 Stat. 4370, 4377 -- 4378. It required courts to im-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pose mandatory minimum prison terms based only on the
kind and quantity of the drugs involved in the defendant's
crime. A court "was required to send the offender to
prison" for a set period of years "no matter how minor the
offender's participation in the offense may have been, and
no matter what mitigating circumstances might have been
present." J. Rakoff, Why the Innocent Plead Guilty and the
Guilty Go Free 13 (2021). Under this regime, for example,
a defendant distributing 5 grams of crack cocaine faced a 5-
year mandatory prison term, and one with 50 grams faced a
10-year term. 100 Stat. 3207 -- 2 to 3207 -- 3. Meanwhile,
a defendant found with powder cocaine confronted those
same prison terms only if he distributed 100 times those
amounts. Ibid.
In short order, the federal prison population exploded. In
1986, federal prisoners numbered 30,104, approximately
37.7% of whom were serving time for drug offenses. Dept.
of Justice, Sourcebook of Criminal Justice Statistics 519 (31st
158 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

ed. 2003). By 1994, the federal prison population reached
almost 74,000, with approximately 61.3% of inmates serving
time for a drug offense. Ibid.
Calls for reform came quickly and grew with time. See,
e. g., U. S. Sentencing Commission, Special Report to the
Congress: Mandatory Minimum Penalties in the Federal
Criminal Justice System iii (1991); id., App. G (collecting
statements from the Judicial Conference and 12 circuits).
Eventually, Congress responded to these calls in various
ways. In one reform, for example, it prospectively reduced
the crack-cocaine disparity from 100:1 to 18:1. See Fair Sen-
tencing Act of 2010, 124 Stat. 2372. In another, it adopted, a provision that came to be called the "safety
valve" and that lies at the heart of today's case. See Violent
Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, 108 Stat.
1985 -- 1986.
As originally enacted in 1994, the safety valve provided
modest relief. It exempted defendants who could meet fve
Page Proof Pending Publication
statutory criteria from otherwise-applicable mandatory min-
imums, directing instead that they should receive individual-
ized sentences. Ibid. (codifed as amended at 18 U. S. C.
). But the frst of the safety valve's fve criteria,
codifed in paragraph (f)(1), was especially demanding. It
precluded relief for any individual with "more than 1 crimi-
nal history point" -- meaning that a defendant could fnd him-
self ineligible for individualized sentencing if his background
included even a single 60-day prison term or two prior of-
fenses involving no prison term at all. 108 Stat. 1985; see
(1) (1994 ed.); USSG.1(b) -- (c), 4A1.2 (Nov.
1994).
B
In the First Step Act of 2018, Congress adopted an array
of further reforms. Pub. L. 115 -- 391, 132 Stat. 5194.
Passed with overwhelming majorities in both chambers
of Congress and with presidential support, the Act reduced
the length of some mandatory minimums by 25%. See, id., at 5220 -- 5221. It narrowed the circumstances
 Cite as: (2024) 159

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

under which a court could "stack" certain mandatory mini-
mums on top of one another. See, id., at 5221 -- 5222;
U. S. Sentencing Commission, The First Step Act of 2018:
One Year of Implementation 5 (2020). And it made Con-
gress's earlier amendment to the crack-cocaine disparity ret-
roactive, allowing individuals sentenced before that amend-
ment's adoption a chance at resentencing. See, 132
Stat. 5222.
The First Step Act also revised the safety valve's frst pro-
vision. Where paragraph (f)(1) once barred a defendant
with even a single criminal history point from receiving an
individualized sentence, Congress now chose a different
course. As amended, the full safety valve today instructs
a court to afford an individualized sentence "if [it] fnds at
sentencing... that -- "
"(1) the defendant does not have -- 
"(A) more than 4 criminal history points, excluding
Page Proof Pending Publication
any criminal history points resulting from a 1-point of-
fense, as determined under the sentencing guidelines;
"(B) a prior 3-point offense, as determined under the
sentencing guidelines; and
"(C) a prior 2-point violent offense, as determined
under the sentencing guidelines;
"(2) the defendant did not use violence or credible
threats of violence or possess a frearm or other danger-
ous weapon (or induce another participant to do so) in
connection with the offense;
"(3) the offense did not result in death or serious
bodily injury to any person;
"(4) the defendant was not an organizer, leader, man-
ager, or supervisor of others in the offense, as deter-
mined under the sentencing guidelines and was not
engaged in a continuing criminal enterprise, as defned
in... the Controlled Substances Act; and
"(5) not later than the time of the sentencing hearing,
the defendant has truthfully provided to the Govern-
ment all information and evidence the defendant has
160 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

concerning the offense or offenses that were part of the
same... common scheme or plan...." 18 U. S. C..
C
The question we face concerns how the amended safety
valve works. Everyone agrees that a defendant must still
clear fve daunting statutory hurdles. But the parties dis-
agree what the frst entails after the First Step Act. Ob-
serving that the word "and" connects each of the subpara-
graphs (f)(1)(A), (B), and (C), Mark Pulsifer argues that the
safety valve's frst provision now operates to render ineligi-
ble one kind of defendant -- a defendant who bears all three
enumerated traits, A, B, and C. Because he does not have
all three, Mr. Pulsifer submits, he is eligible for safety-valve
relief as long as he can satisfy the law's four remaining provi-
sions. Meanwhile, on the government's telling, paragraph
(f)(1) renders three kinds of defendants ineligible for relief -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
any defendant who has trait A, B, or C. And because
Mr. Pulsifer has at least one of those traits, the rest of the
safety valve is irrelevant; paragraph (f)(1) alone renders him
ineligible for relief.
Disputes about the amended safety valve's operation have
simmered for years in the lower courts and yielded confict-
ing results.1 At least one thing, though, is clear: The dispute
before us matters profoundly. According to a Sentencing
Commission analysis based on 2021 data, about 33% of drug
offenders were eligible for safety-valve relief under the law's
old terms. See 88 Fed. Reg. 7186 (2023). Under Mr. Pulsif-
1
The Fourth, Ninth, and Eleventh Circuits have taken Mr. Pulsifer's
approach. See United States v. Jones, 60 F. 4th 230 (CA4 2023); United
States v. Lopez, 998 F. 3d 431 (CA9 2021); United States v. Garcon, 54 F.
4th 1274 (CA11 2022) (en banc). The Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth
Circuits have taken the government's view. See United States v. Palo-
mares, 52 F. 4th 640 (CA5 2022); United States v. Haynes, 55 F. 4th 1075
(CA6 2022); United States v. Pace, 48 F. 4th 741 (CA7 2022); 39 F. 4th 1018
(CA8 2022) (case below).
 Cite as: (2024) 161

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

er's understanding of the First Step Act, about 66% would
become eligible for individualized sentencing. See ibid.
By contrast, under the government's reading of the Act, that
number would shrink to around 44%. See ibid. Our deci-
sion today thus promises to affect the lives and liberty of
thousands of individuals.
II
Unless some feature of the law suggests that one or an-
other of its terms bears a specialized meaning, our duty is to
interpret Congress's work as an ordinary reader would.
See Niz-Chavez v. Garland, (2021). At
the heart of today's dispute lies no specialized term but per-
haps the most ordinary of words: Everything turns on what
work the word "and" performs in paragraph (f)(1), where a
sentencing court is tasked with determining whether "the
defendant does not have" three traits -- A, B, "and" C.

A
Page Proof Pending Publication
In taking up the parties' dispute, start with a few simple
and uncontested observations. First, as the Court agrees,
"and" is "a conjunction -- a word whose function is to connect
specifed items." Ante, at 133; see J. Opdycke, Harper's
English Grammar 200 (rev. ed. 1966).
Second, and more specifcally, "and" is an "additive" con-
junction, one often indicating that the words it connects
should be added together. Id., at 200; The Chicago Manual
of Style.183, p. 191 (15th ed. 2003). As the Court ex-
plains, when "and" performs that role, it means "[t]ogether
with," "along with," "in addition to," or "as well as." Amer-
ican Heritage Dictionary 66 (5th ed. 2018); see ante, at 133.
Third, in paragraph (f)(1) "and" connects a list in a nega-
tive conditional statement ("if... the defendant does not
have"). Negative conditional "if... not" statements often
function like the word "unless." See R. Huddleston & G.
Pullum, The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language.3, p. 755 (2002). Consider the mother who tells her
162 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

child, "If you do not have any homework left, you can go play
with your friends." The child would understand that he
could play with his friends unless he had homework left
to do.
Now apply those observations to paragraph (f)(1). Given
the meaning of "and," an ordinary reader would naturally
understand that a defendant is eligible for individualized
sentencing if he "does not have" trait A, trait B, together
with trait C. Add to the mix what we know about the inter-
changeability of "if... not" and "unless": A defendant may
receive guidelines sentencing unless he has trait A, trait B,
together with trait C. Put the points together, and the stat-
ute indicates that a court may issue an individualized sen-
tence unless the defendant has all three traits listed in
(1), just as Mr. Pulsifer contends.

B

Page
What theProof
language ofPending
paragraph (f)(1)Publication
suggests, surround-
ing context confrms. When Congress uses different terms
in a statute, we normally presume it does so to convey differ-
ent meanings. Southwest Airlines Co. v. Saxon, -- 458 (2022). We sometimes call this presumption
the "meaningful-variation canon." Id., at 457. Here, we
see just such a meaningful variation. When Congress
sought a single word to indicate that one trait among many
is suffcient to disqualify an individual from safety-valve re-
lief, it chose an obvious solution: not the conjunctive "and,"
but the disjunctive "or."
In fact, Congress used "or" this way no fewer than three
times. Paragraph (f)(2) specifes that, for a defendant to be
eligible for individualized sentencing, a court must fnd that
"the defendant did not use violence or credible threats of
violence or possess a frearm or other dangerous weapon (or
induce another participant to do so) in connection with the
offense." (Emphasis added.) Paragraph (f)(3) premises eli-
gibility on a fnding that a defendant's "offense did not result
 Cite as: (2024) 163

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

in death or serious bodily injury to any person." (Emphasis
added.) And paragraph (f)(4) provides that eligibility for
relief turns on whether the defendant "was not an organizer,
leader, manager, or supervisor of others in the offense."
(Emphasis added.)
The fact that Congress repeatedly used "or" when it
wanted relief to turn on a single trait among many suggests
that the "and" in paragraph (f)(1) performs different work.
Even the government once acknowledged as much, conceding
below that the "and" in paragraph (f)(1) is "most natural[ly]"
read as requiring a sentencing court to fnd that a defendant
possesses all three listed traits before holding him ineligible
for relief. Government CA9 Brief 7; id., at 10 -- 11; accord,
e.g., Government CA8 Brief 11. Nor is the government
alone in this unsurprising understanding: A study involving
ordinary Americans found that the largest share of partici-
pants understood a sentence tracking paragraph (f)(1)'s
structure to trigger ineligibility only if all three conditions
Page Proof Pending Publication
are satisfed. See Brief for Thomas R. Lee et al. as Amici
Curiae 15, 18.
III
A
The government disputes none of this evidence about the
law's ordinary meaning. Instead, it begins with a theory.
Maybe, the government says, there is another "permissible"
way to read paragraph (f)(1). Ante, at 133; Brief for United
States 18, 37. Maybe Congress implicitly wanted a reader
to "distribut[e]" the "verb phrase" "does not have" among
each subparagraph. Ante, at 134 -- 136 ; Brief for United States 14 -- 18. Maybe,
then, we should effectively read the statute to work this way,
with deleted words stricken and new ones added in bold:
(1) the defendant does not have -- 
(A) does not have more than 1 criminal history point...;
164 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

(B) does not have a prior 3-point offense... ; and
(C) does not have a prior 2-point violent offense.
Yes, the government's implicit distribution theory requires a
reader to delete words before the em dash. Yes, it requires
a reader to reinsert them in three different places where
they do not appear. But maybe, the government suggests,
Congress implicitly intended for a reader to do all that.
Even though what it wrote is susceptible to a far more natu-
ral construction requiring none of these gymnastics.
That is not how statutory interpretation usually works.
Statutes aren't games or puzzles but "instruments of a prac-
tical nature, founded on the common business of human life,... and ftted for common understandings." 1 J. Story, Com-
mentaries on the Constitution of the United States,
p. 437 (1833). For that reason, we usually presume that
Congress "employed words in their natural sense, and...
intended what [it] said." Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1, 188
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1824). And once we have identifed the most natural sense
of the law's terms, as we have here, our interpretive task is
usually at an end. See, e.g., Barnhart v. Sigmon Coal Co.,
-- 462 (2002).
The government's implicit distribution theory is so far
from the most natural reading of the law that its many and
able lawyers didn't even stumble on it until late in the game.
In litigation below, the government started by arguing pri-
marily that paragraph (f)(1) "must be read in the disjunc-
tive" -- a fancy way of saying that "and" means "or." Gov-
ernment CA8 Brief 4; see United States v. Garcon, 54 F. 4th
1274, 1280 (CA11 2022) (en banc). In early cases, that was
the government's only argument. See, e. g., Sentencing Tr.
in No. 3:19 -- cr -- 207 (ED Tenn.), ECF Doc. 176, p. 4 ("I think
the Department of Justice's position as well as our position
here today is... that it should be read disjunctively"); see
also Tr. of Oral Arg. 103. Only after a resounding loss on
that argument, see United States v. Lopez, 998 F. 3d 431,
435 -- 443 (CA9 2021), did the government shift to its implicit
 Cite as: (2024) 165

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

distribution theory, stressing that its new offering does not
require courts to "transform" "and" into "or," see Brief for
United States 42 -- 43.
The government's implicit distribution theory may be a
"convenient litigating position," Bowen v. Georgetown Univ.
Hospital, (1988), but it does not come close
to respecting the most natural construction of the law. It
may have the beneft of leaving "and" alone, but it comes at
the cost of rearranging so much else in the statute. One
way or another, the government cannot get where it wishes
to go without tinkering with the law. And to know that
much should be enough to bring this case to a close:
"Crimes are supposed to be defned by the legislature, not
by clever prosecutors riffng on equivocal language." Dubin
v. United States, -- 130 (2023) (internal quo-
tation marks and alteration omitted).

B
Page Proof Pending Publication
How does the government reply? It insists that contex-
tual clues support its implicit distribution theory. These
clues are so compelling, it says, any other construction of the
law isn't "plausible" or "possible." Ante, at 142, 153; Brief
for United States 18 -- 19. It is a bold claim, not only because
the government overlooks all the evidence of the statute's
meaning outlined above, but also because it overlooks one
piece of contextual evidence after another weighing against
its implicit distribution theory.
Start with this one: The statute before us stands far afeld
from classic cases that invite questions about implied distri-
bution. In everyday speech, the government stresses, a lis-
tener may appreciate the need to "distribut[e]" what this
Court has called "several antecedents" to "several conse-
quents." Encino Motorcars, LLC v. Navarro, (2018) ). In its brief be-
166 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

fore us, the government leads with this example of the phe-
nomenon: someone who says, "I sell red, white, and blue
caps." See Brief for United States 14. That statement, the
government observes, contains an ambiguity. One listener
might think that the seller offers caps bearing all three col-
ors. But another listener might wonder if the seller implic-
itly means to "distribute" different colors to different caps -- 
so that she really means to say she sells red caps, she sells
blue caps, and she sells white caps. Only context, the
government insists, can resolve the ambiguity and reveal
which understanding best refects the seller's meaning. Id.,
at 16.
If context suggests anything, however, it is that this obser-
vation has little to offer when it comes to the statute before
us. The First Step Act does not contain several "anteced-
ents" (many caps, for example) that might or might not dis-
tribute among several "consequents" (say, colors). Instead,
paragraph (f)(1) speaks of a single person -- "the defendant"
Page Proof Pending Publication
presently before the sentencing court -- who must not have
three specifed traits (A, B, and C). And that "singular"
construction "tends to avoid the ambiguity" about distribu-
tion that a "plural" construction can invite. M. Kirk, Legal
Drafting: The Ambiguity of "And" and "Or," 2 Tex. Tech.
L. Rev. 235, 239 -- 240 (1971); see also Huddleston, Cambridge
Grammar.3.1, at 1280 -- 1281.
Drafting experts illustrate the point with this phrase:
"charitable and educational institutions." R. Dickerson, The
Fundamentals of Legal Drafting.2, pp. 109 -- 110 (2d ed.
1986); Kirk, 2 Tex. Tech. L. Rev., at 239 -- 241. The phrase
is ambiguous. The multiple "institutions" might distribute
across the multiple listed traits to describe both "charitable
institutions and educational institutions." Dickerson, Fun-
damentals of Legal Drafting.2, at 110; Kirk, 2 Tex. Tech.
L. Rev., at 240. Or the term "institutions" might not dis-
tribute, so the phrase describes only institutions that are
both charitable and educational. Id., at 240 -- 241. But if
there is just a single "institution," any ambiguity dissipates:
 Cite as: (2024) 167

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

"A charitable and educational institution" is an institution
with both traits. The same holds true when a saleswoman
offers "the red, white, and blue cap": In that case, a buyer
knows with certainty that the seller offers one kind of cap
bearing all three colors.
This contextual clue poses the government with a serious
problem. When Congress wrote paragraph (f)(1), it em-
ployed a singular construction that tends to avoid the ambi-
guity about distribution that plural constructions invite.
The statute before us thus bears no resemblance to the gov-
ernment's lead illustration involving multiple caps and colors.
Nor does it bear any resemblance to the government's vari-
ous illustrations from statutory and constitutional law in-
volving multiple "offenses" that fall into multiple classes, see
ante, at 137; Brief for United States 17 -- 18 (discussing 34
U. S. C. ); multiple "Cases" that meet multiple de-
scriptions, see ante, at 134 -- 135; Brief for United States 40
Page Proof Pending Publication
; or the many kinds of "Commerce"
Congress can regulate, see ante, at 135; Brief for United
States 39 -- 40.2
Sensing the government's diffculty, the Court struggles
for an example of its own involving a singular person or
thing that does generate an ambiguity about distribution.
Eventually, it lands on Eric Carle's story about a caterpillar
who " `ate through' " (among so many other things) " `one sau-
sage, one cupcake, and one slice of watermelon.' " Ante, at
134; see also ante, at 135,. Mission accomplished: One
child might implicitly distribute the phrase "ate through" to
each foodstuff, while another might read the list without im-
plicit distribution to mean the caterpillar ate through a "com-
bination" that includes them all. Ante, at 135.

2
Although at frst blush "Commerce" might appear to be a singular
noun, this term in fact describes "a noncountable abstraction," Niz-Chavez
v. Garland, (2021), that this Court has said sweeps in
"every species of commercial intercourse," Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1,
193 (1824).
168 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

But what does that prove? "[T]o acknowledge ambiguity
is not to conclude that all interpretations are equally plausi-
ble." Gwaltney of Smithfeld, Ltd. v. Chesapeake Bay
Foundation, Inc., (1987). And an example
of ambiguity about distribution in a children's book does
nothing to prove that the federal criminal statute before us
is most plausibly read to require implicit distribution. Add
some of paragraph (f)(1)'s salient features into the illustra-
tion and that much becomes clear. As the story goes, the
caterpillar is in the process of becoming a butterfy. So sup-
pose the story said the caterpillar "will remain a caterpillar
if he does not eat (A) one sausage, (B) one cupcake, and (C)
one slice of watermelon." I suspect most ordinary readers
(and children) would have little trouble concluding that the
sentence means that the caterpillar will remain a caterpillar
unless he eats all three things; one alone will not do.

C
Page Proof Pending Publication
Here's another problem with the government's theory: If
in some contexts a speaker might intend for a listener to
distribute words implicitly, the context before us counsels
against attributing any such intention to Congress. It does
because a careful look at the safety-valve statute reveals
that, when Congress wanted to distribute a phrase in this
law, it did not leave the matter to implication. It did not
depend on the reader's imagination. Instead, Congress dis-
tributed phrases expressly.
Twice, in fact. In paragraph (f)(4), Congress took the
trouble to distribute expressly the phrase "was not," permit-
ting relief only if "the defendant was not an organizer,
leader, manager, or supervisor of others... and was not
engaged in a continuing criminal enterprise." (Emphasis
added.) Likewise, in paragraph (f)(1) itself Congress ex-
pressly distributed the phrase "as determined under the sen-
tencing guidelines" three times, in each of subparagraphs
(A), (B), and (C). All the contextual evidence before us thus
 Cite as: (2024) 169

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

suggests that, in a statute carrying grave criminal conse-
quences, Congress was careful with its words and concerned
with clarity. It did not leave ambiguities about distribution
to be resolved by implication. Instead, it resolved them ex-
pressly, even at the cost of repetition.
Once more, the government's examples only serve to illus-
trate its problem. It imagines a speaker who says, " `I didn't
like his mother and father.' " Ante, at 136; Brief for United
States 39. The government suggests that a listener would
"probably" understand the sentence as implicitly distributing
the phrase "I didn't like his," so that it really means, "I didn't
like his mother and I didn't like his father." Ante, at 136
; Brief for United States 39. But as the
hedge ("probably") indicates, an ambiguity lurks here. The
sentence could also be understood without any distribution
to convey the idea that "I didn't like his mother and father"
as a couple, even if I liked each individually well enough.
See Huddleston, Cambridge Grammar.2.2, at 1298 -- 1299.3
Page Proof Pending Publication
Only context, the government concedes, can clarify which
meaning is more apt. See ante, at 141; Brief for United
States 16. Yet somehow, the government neglects that
same message when it comes to the statute before us -- where
context reveals that Congress did not leave questions of dis-
tribution to implication but resolved them expressly.

D
Context exposes yet another faw in the government's im-
plicit distribution theory. If, as the government imagines,

3
Same goes for the government's example "I'm not free on Saturday
and Sunday." Ante, at 136; Brief for United States 39. In some contexts,
the sentence might be understood to distribute the phrase "I'm not free
on" and mean "I'm not free on Saturday and I'm not free on Sunday." In
others (suppose you were asked for help with a 2-day home renovation
project), it might mean "I'm not free on Saturday and Sunday" as a combi-
nation, even if I am free one day or the other. See Huddleston, Cam-
bridge Grammar.2.2, at 1298 -- 1299.
170 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Congress was determined to fnd an "effcient" way to dis-
qualify a defendant bearing any one of the three traits listed
in paragraph (f)(1), ante, at 134, 139; see Brief for United
States 18, it had an obvious solution before it: the word "or."
As we have seen, Congress employed exactly that approach
three times in the safety valve: Paragraphs (f)(2), (f)(3), and
(f)(4) all premise disqualifcation for relief on the presence of
one trait or another. See Part II -- B, supra. In this way,
too, context confrms that, when Congress wanted to make
one trait among many disqualifying, it proceeded expressly
(and often effciently) -- but never by implication.
After disregarding others, the government at least ac-
knowledges this particular complication for its theory. It
responds this way: Even substituting "or" for "and," it
says, would not "delive[r] us from interpretive controversy."
Ante, at 138; Brief for United States 26. It would not be-
cause replacing "and" with "or" in paragraph (f)(1) still
Page Proof Pending Publication
would not answer the question whether a single trait alone
is enough to render a defendant ineligible for relief. Ante,
at 138; Brief for United States 26. As evidence of the malle-
ability of the word "or" in some contexts, the Court cooks
up various illustrations involving a hypothetical chef. Ante,
at 138,.
It is a remarkable response. At argument, the govern-
ment acknowledged that "or" "might have been a clearer
way to express" that a single trait is disqualifying in para-
graph (f)(1). Tr. of Oral Arg. 98. Below, the government
initially pushed for treating "and" as meaning "or" precisely
because it knew that doing so would mean that a defendant
is ineligible for relief if he has even one of its listed traits.
See id., at 101; Government CA9 Brief 11 -- 13; Government
CA8 Brief 7 -- 8. And everyone, the Court included, concedes
that Congress's use of the word "or" in paragraph (f)(4)
means that a defendant meeting any one of several criteria
is disqualifed from relief. Ante, at 151. Simply put, "we
wouldn't be sitting here if Congress had used the word `or' "
 Cite as: (2024) 171

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

in paragraph (f)(1). Tr. of Oral Arg. 97. Whatever ambigu-
ity "or" might carry in other contexts, it carries none in. Throughout the safety valve, Congress used it to
indicate that a single trait among many is disqualifying.4
Finding the government on its back foot, the Court again
comes to its defense, this time by trying to change the rules
of play. Perhaps, the Court speculates, Congress's choice of
"and" rather than "or" in paragraph (f)(1) was the product
of careless drafting. See ante, at 137 -- 138. Perhaps, too,
those two conjunctions are "versatile" words not entitled to
the respect we usually pay Congress's variations in usage -- 
a respect, the Court suggests, that is due only "to terms with
some heft and distinctiveness, whose use drafters are likely
to keep track of and standardize." Ante, at 149, 151.
Consider how far we have now retreated. Lower courts re-
jected the government's and-means-or argument. In re-
sponse, the government introduced its implicit distribution
theory. Before us, the government stresses that its new the-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ory does not depend on "transform[ing]" "and" into "or."
Brief for United States 42; see also id., at 15, 25. At frst, the
Court seems to proceed on the same premise. See ante, at
133 -- 134. But now it reverses course. Resuscitating an argu-
4
Alternatively, the government suggests, Congress might have used
"and" in paragraph (f)(1) rather than "or" as it did in paragraphs (f)(2) -- 
(4) because of something to do with the length or format of these provi-
sions. To that end, the government invites us to compare paragraphs
(f)(1) and (f)(4). Tr. of Oral Arg. 64; see also ante, at 151. But, as it
turns out, those paragraphs are almost the same length: 49 words and 40
words, respectively. See (1), (4). Nor can much be made of the
formatting. The main difference is paragraph (f)(1)'s use of an em dash
to set off the listed traits. But even the government has declined to make
much of the em dash, and for good reason. It simply "mark[s] an interrup-
tion in the structure of a sentence," substituting here for a colon. B.
Garner, Modern English Usage 750 (4th ed. 2016). No party before us
suggests that this em dash is so versatile that it can transform an interrup-
tion into an implied distribution. See Brief for United States 38 -- 39 (con-
ceding that an em dash "is neither necessary nor suffcient for a distribu-
tive interpretation" ).
172 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

ment the government itself has abandoned, the Court con-
tends not just that the terms "and" and "or" are interchange-
able, but that we need not even rely on our usual rules of
interpretation when faced with them.
This argument was a loser below and it should be here.
When Congress employs "differing language in... two sub-
sections," we start from a presumption that it meant to con-
vey a difference in meaning, not a presumption that it made
"a simple mistake in draftsmanship." Russello v. United
States, (1983). Never, to my knowledge, has
this Court suggested that we may turn our back on this ap-
proach when conjunctions or other putatively "indistinctive"
words are in play. Nor have we deployed that approach for
"hefty" words alone -- as if we were picking paper towels in-
stead of interpreting statutes. To the contrary, our cases
begin (and often end) with the presumption that Congress is
careful in all its word choices and afford variations between
terms like "and" and "or" the same respect due others. See,
Page Proof Pending Publication
e.g., United States v. Palomar-Santiago, 
(2021) (reversing the lower court for failing to give effect to
a statute's use of "the conjunctive `and' "); Encino Motor-
cars, 584 U. S., at 87 (resting a reading of the relevant statute
on "the ordinary, disjunctive meaning of `or' "); Loughrin v.
United States, (2014) (rejecting an argu-
ment that would "disregard what `or' customarily means");
Reiter v. Sonotone Corp., -- 339 (1979) (simi-
lar); Rumsfeld v. Padilla, (2004) (giving
weight to the federal habeas statute's "consistent use of the
defnite article").5
Nor could the premise latent in the Court's argument be
further from the truth. The difference between words like
"and" and "or" often cannot be easily dismissed as meaning-
5
Even the cases the Court cites, see ante, at 149, describe the presump-
tion of meaningful variation without the qualifcation it now imagines.
See IBP, Inc. v. Alvarez, (2005); Wisconsin Central Ltd.
v. United States, (2018).
 Cite as: (2024) 173

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

less when it comes to settling legal rights. Just imagine if
the Sixth Amendment gave the accused a "right to a speedy
or public trial." Rather than getting a both timely and
transparent trial, a defendant would be forced to choose
which feature he prefers. Because the difference between
"and" and "or" so regularly proves dispositive of important
legal rights, drafting manuals for legal text from contracts
to congressional legislation warn about the need to deploy
the terms with care. See, e.g., Senate Offce of the Legisla-
tive Counsel, Legislative Drafting Manual 64 -- 65 (1997); K.
Adams, A Manual of Style for Contract Drafting.9 -- 
11.11, p. 211 (3d ed. 2013). And here, of course, the differ-
ence between "and" and "or" affects the lives of thousands,
see supra, at 160 -- 161 -- a fact so inconvenient for the Court
that the Court says to ignore it as well, see ante, at 152.6
IV
So far, things look bleak for the government. Mr. Pulsifer
Page Proof
offers a perfectly Pending
natural reading of thePublication
law. In response,
the government offers a theory that it says rises or falls
based on context. See ante, at 140 -- 141; Brief for United
States 11, 16. Yet, as it turns out, not one but three contex-
tual clues array against its theory.
6
The Court offers still one more guess, again premised on careless draft-
ing, about why Congress used "and" rather than "or." Maybe, the Court
posits, when Congress amended paragraph (f)(1) in 2018 it failed to notice
that it had used "or" when drafting paragraphs (f)(2) -- (f)(4) in 1994. Ante,
at 151. Normally, though, we assume "that Congress is aware of existing
law when it passes legislation." Miles v. Apex Marine Corp., (1990). And it beggars belief to suppose that Congress didn't bother to
review the rest of the safety valve when it amended one of its provisions -- 
particularly when it knew that defendants, prosecutors, and judges would
necessarily read all fve safety-valve provisions together as part of a single
"eligibility checklist." Ante, at 150; cf. Gwaltney of Smithfeld, Ltd. v.
Chesapeake Bay Foundation, Inc., and (1987) (point-
ing to meaningful variation between the statutory language at issue and
other, later enacted statutory provisions to counter the assertion that the
choice of language was "a `careless accident' ").
174 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Unable to muster a convincing response to any of that, the
government pivots. Even if its implicit distribution theory
suffers so many faws, the government urges us to adopt it
anyway because Mr. Pulsifer's reading of the law would in-
troduce a superfuity into the safety-valve statute. It is a
resourceful reply. The government has many. But it, too,
falls fat.
A
Without question, the canon against superfuity can be a
useful tool when seeking the meaning of a statute. It rests
on the same principle as the canon of meaningful variation:
the presumption that Congress is a careful drafter and each
word it chooses "is there for a reason." Advocate Health
Care Network v. Stapleton, (2017). But
that fact also makes the government's choice to rest its case
on the superfuity canon a curious one. As we have seen,
the government's implicit distribution theory depends on the
Page Proof Pending Publication
assumption that Congress was not a careful drafter. It re-
quires us to assume Congress left a distribution implicit in
one section of paragraph (f)(1), even as it made others ex-
press elsewhere in paragraphs (f)(1) and (f)(4). It requires
us to assume Congress meant for "and" in paragraph (f)(1)
to do the same work as "or" in paragraphs (f)(2) -- (f)(4).
Sometimes, it seems, we are supposed to assume Con-
gress was sloppy, other times careful. The only common
thread seems to be what benefts the government in the
moment.
Even putting that small irony aside, the government has a
bigger problem: Mr. Pulsifer's reading leaves no provision
in this statute superfuous. As the government sees it, a
defendant who has both the prior 3-point offense required by
subparagraph (B), and the 2-point violent offense required
by subparagraph (C), will necessarily have more than the 4
criminal history points required by subparagraph (A). Be-
cause of this, the government submits, subparagraph (A) has
no work to perform on Mr. Pulsifer's reading: "Remove it
 Cite as: (2024) 175

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

from the statute, and what is left will make the exact same
people eligible (and ineligible) for relief." Ante, at 142;
Brief for United States 19 -- 20. Only its implicit distribution
theory, the government contends, can cure the problem by
allowing one subparagraph to "disqualif[y] defendants from
relief even when the others would not." Ante, at 142; Brief
for United States 19 -- 20.
It's a nice argument, but it rests on a faulty premise. As
it happens, a defendant who has a 3-point offense under sub-
paragraph (B) and a 2-point violent offense under subpara-
graph (C) often will not have "more than 4 criminal history
points... under the sentencing guidelines" for purposes of
subparagraph (A). And in cases like that, subparagraph (A)
performs vital work under Mr. Pulsifer's reading of the law
by ensuring that the defendant remains eligible for relief.
There is simply no surplus here for the government's implicit
distribution theory to cure.
Page Proof Pending Publication
To appreciate why this is so, consider the sentencing
guidelines Congress cross-referenced in subparagraphs (A)
through (C). They set forth a two-step process for calculat-
ing a defendant's criminal history. At the frst step, dis-
cussed in.1 of the guidelines, a judge assigns points to
the defendant's prior offenses. Usually, the points corre-
spond to the length of the defendant's previous sentences.
So, for example, three points normally attach to an offense
carrying a sentence longer than 13 months, two points to an
offense with a sentence shorter than that but at least 60 days
long, and one point to any other sentence.
At the second step, described in.2 of the guidelines,
a judge then computes the defendant's criminal history. But
during this process, a judge doesn't just tote up all the points
assigned to each offense. Under a variety of circumstances,
the guidelines instruct a judge not to count points assigned
to one offense or another. Points associated with hitchhik-
ing, public intoxication, and fsh and game offenses, for exam-
ple, "are never counted.".2(c)(2). Nor are points as-
176 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

sociated with sentences imposed by a court-martial, a foreign
court, or a tribal court..2(g) -- (i). The guidelines
also instruct judges not to count points associated with of-
fenses of a certain age. So, by way of illustration, if the
defendant fnished his sentence for a 3-point offense more
than 15 years ago, those points are not counted. Like-
wise, if the defendant fnished his sentence for a 2-point of-
fense more than 10 years ago, those points do not count..2(e)(1) -- (3). Courts thus perform "a single calcula-
tion" of a defendant's criminal history score. Ante, at 145,. But in doing so, they routinely distinguish between
the points an offense carries and a defendant's ultimate,
countable criminal history points.7
Now return to subparagraph (A). It provides that the de-
fendant must not have "more than 4 criminal history points,
excluding any criminal history points resulting from a 1-
point offense, as determined under the sentencing guide-
lines." (1)(A). As the italicized
Page Proof Pending Publication
language demonstrates, when adopting the First Step Act
Congress fully appreciated the distinction between what
points an offense carries and whether those points contribute
to a defendant's criminal history score. And because of that
very distinction, it is possible for a defendant to have a prior
3-point offense and a prior 2-point violent offense without

7
See, e.g., United States v. Nesby, 2020 WL 4933657, *2 (SD Ill., Aug.
24, 2020) (defendant had "accumulated 34 criminal history points, many of
which were not countable in his criminal history calculation"); Jones v.
United States, 2019 WL 365715, *3 (D NJ, Jan. 30, 2019) ("The Sentencing
Guidelines only permit a maximum of four one-point offenses to count
toward a defendant's criminal history"); United States v. Johnson, 2023
WL 4944732, *1 (WD Pa., Aug. 3, 2023) (same); Dameron v. United States,
2007 WL 893050, *4, (ND Ohio, Mar. 21, 2007) ("The criminal convic-
tions above produce a subtotal criminal history score of 10, and it is noted
that 3 of the defendant's 7 points under U.S.S.G..1(c) were not count-
able"); United States v. Dalton, 2010 WL 455239, *3 (D SC, Feb. 2, 2010)
(noting 45 uncountable criminal history points "in addition to the ffteen
countable criminal history points").
 Cite as: (2024) 177

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

having more than 4 criminal history points. Most obviously,
as Chief Judge Pryor, former Acting Chair of the Sentencing
Commission, has observed, a defendant may have a 3-point
offense and a 2-point violent offense but both offenses are so
old that he scores no criminal history points at all. See
USSG.2(e)(1) -- (3); Garcon, 54 F. 4th, at 1281. As
Judge Wood has noted, there are a variety of other situations
as well in which a defendant will have both a 3-point offense
and a 2-point violent offense but still not have more than
four criminal history points. See United States v. Pace, 48
F. 4th 741, 763 -- 764 (CA7 2022) (dissenting opinion).
To know that is to know no superfuity problem exists -- 
and thus no need to resort to the government's implicit dis-
tribution theory to solve it. On Mr. Pulsifer's reading of
the law, a court applying subparagraph (A) will consult the
sentencing guidelines' methodology for scoring criminal his-
tory points set forth in.2. In doing so, the court may
fnd that, while the defendant has a prior 3-point offense and
Page Proof Pending Publication
a prior 2-point violent offense for purposes of subparagraphs
(B) and (C), one or another is too old or suffers from some
other faw so that he does not have more than four criminal
history points. In all these cases, subparagraph (A) does
signifcant work by making clear that, despite having a prior
3-point offense and a prior 2-point violent offense, the de-
fendant remains eligible for relief. See Garcon, 54 F. 4th,
at 1281 -- 1282; Pace, 48 F. 4th, at 763 (opinion of Wood, J.).

B
The government does not contest the central observation
that defeats its superfuity argument. It admits that cer-
tain past offenses "ad[d] zero points to [a defendant's]
criminal-history score." Brief for United States 32, ;
ante, at 143. So what exactly is the problem here?
To complain about a superfuity problem, it turns out the
government must create one. It does so this way. As writ-
ten, subparagraphs (B) and (C) require a sentencing court
178 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

to ask whether the defendant "ha[s]" a "3-point offense, as
determined under the sentencing guidelines," and "a 2-point
violent offense, as determined under the sentencing guide-
lines." But, the government suggests, we should read those
provisions differently. We should read them to require a
sentencing court to ask the further question whether the de-
fendant's offenses also score criminal history points. As the
government candidly admits, its superfuity argument de-
pends on reading subparagraphs (B) and (C) as "car[ing] only
about offenses that do score... criminal-history points."
Brief for United States 28 -- 29; ante, at 145 -- 146. Only then
might subparagraph (A) be left without work to perform, for
indeed an offense that scores three criminal history points
under subparagraph (B) and a violent offense that scores two
criminal history points under subparagraph (C) will always
score more than four criminal history points under subpara-
graph (A).
Put plainly, for the government's superfuity argument to
Page Proof Pending Publication
gain any traction, we must read still more words into the
First Step Act, construing it now this way:
(1) the defendant does not have -- 
(A) does not have more than 4 criminal history
points, excluding any criminal history points resulting
from a 1-point offense, as determined under the sentenc-
ing guidelines;
(B) does not have a prior 3-point offense that scores
3 criminal history points, as determined under the
sentencing guidelines; and
(C) does not have a prior 2-point violent offense that
scores 2 criminal history points, as determined under
the sentencing guidelines.

It is one more remarkable request. Last I heard, the
canon against assuming Congress has adopted superfuous
words is not a license for judges to create a superfuity by
inserting new words into a law. Let alone do so simply to
 Cite as: (2024) 179

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

help the government make its implicit distribution theory
seem just a little less implausible.

V
At this stage, the government withdraws to its fnal re-
doubt: a policy argument. In the government's view, the
only "function" Congress gave paragraph (f)(1) was the task
of separating "more from less serious prior offenders."
Ante, at 147 -- 148; Brief for United States 21. Affording the
statute's terms their ordinary meaning, the government
asserts, would not allow the law to perform that "purpose"
adequately. Id., 20. By contrast, its implicit distribution
theory would enable the law to fulfll its intended "role"
"unerringly." Ante, at 147, 148, ; Brief for United
States 21.
If this policy argument sounds familiar, it is because we
have time and again rejected ones just like it. We do not
Page Proof Pending Publication
presume that a law performs only one "function" or "role,"
but recognize that almost every piece of legislation seeks to
serve many competing purposes. See Luna Perez v. Sturgis
Public Schools, (2023); Barnhart, 534 U. S.,
at 461; Chicago v. Environmental Defense Fund, (1994). We do not suppose that a law pursues any
of those competing purposes to its logical end, acknowledg-
ing instead that almost every law is the product of compro-
mise. Luna Perez, 598 U. S., at 150. And we do not dis-
place ordinary statutory terms with judicial "speculation as
to Congress['s] intent," Magwood v. Patterson, (2010), because the American people have consented to
be governed by the written laws their elected representa-
tives adopt, not by the conjecture of others, see United
States v. Bass, (1971). For all these rea-
sons and more, "it is quite mistaken to assume," as the gov-
ernment does, "that whatever might appear to further the
statute's primary objective must be the law." Henson
180 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

v. Santander Consumer USA Inc., (2017)
(internal quotation marks and alterations omitted).
Perhaps recalling our frequent admonition that policy talk
cannot overcome plain text, the government tries a bit of
rebranding. Although it refers occasionally to the First
Step Act's "purpose," Brief for United States 20 -- 21, 34,
48, for the most part it frames its argument in terms of
rationality. When we measure the competing interpre-
tations before us against how well they perform the sta-
tute's only job, the government insists, we will fnd that the
law's ordinary meaning invites "arbitrar[y]" results and
"nonsensical" implications. Id., at 22, 34, 36, 48. The Court
buys into this thinly disguised policy appeal, see ante, at
146 -- 148, and, even as it forcefully (and without a trace
of irony) faults Mr. Pulsifer for appealing to statutory "pur-
pose," ante, at 151. New framing or old, however, we have
no business entertaining the government's ramshackle
Page Proof Pending Publication
argument.
If anything, the government's attempt at rebranding only
makes matters worse for it. When a statute produces a
truly irrational result, we have a doctrine to deal with the
dilemma: absurdity. In narrow circumstances, a simple
and "eas[ily]" fxed statutory error that "no reasonable per-
son could intend" may be amenable to judicial correction
under this Court's traditional absurdity doctrine. See A.
Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law: The Interpretation of
Legal Texts 234, 237 (2012); Story, Commentaries, at
411. It is a highly demanding doctrine -- deliberately so, for
judges have no license to rewrite a law's terms just because
they happen to think different ones more sensible. And,
tellingly, no one thinks this law produces anything like an
absurd result that might call for a judicial remedy. In fact,
the government affrmatively disavows any reliance on ab-
surdity doctrine. See Brief for United States 36. Instead,
it only gestures vaguely in the direction of "nonsensical" re-
sults and asks us to run with the idea. As if we could tinker
 Cite as: (2024) 181

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

with Congress's work on the basis of some newly fashioned
"absurdity-lite" doctrine.
There is a reason why the government does not attempt
an argument actually grounded on absurdity doctrine. Its
core complaint is that the natural reading of the law does
not, with suffcient precision, separate "more from less seri-
ous prior offenders." Ante, at 148; Brief for United States
21. But, of necessity, Congress often deploys "standardized
formula[s]" or checklists, like the one found in paragraph
(f)(1), that "are by their nature over- and under-inclusive."
Ransom v. FIA Card Services, N. A., 
(2011). And because Congress may rationally prefer these
approaches for various reasons, including their ease of
administration, this Court has long held that we will not
second-guess them merely because they may produce some
"oddit[ies]" or "anomalies." Ibid.; see Rodriguez v. United
States, (1987) (per curiam) ("Deciding what
competing values will or will not be sacrifced to the achieve-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment of a particular objective is the very essence of legisla-
tive choice").8
If, as the government supposes, a seemingly anomalous
result alone could unsettle a statute, it would face its own
troubles, too. Under its implicit distribution theory, an indi-
vidual who previously committed a nonviolent offense and
received a sentence longer than 13 months (i. e., a 3-point
offense) is categorically ineligible for relief. Meanwhile, an
individual who committed the same crime but received a sen-
tence equal to or one day less than 13 months (i. e., a 2-point
8
In a footnote, the Court concedes that both sides read paragraph (f)(1)
as announcing a standardized formula or checklist that inevitably produces
some "anomalies." Ante, at 148,. Yet the Court proceeds to reject
Mr. Pulsifer's reading. Why? Only because it thinks that interpretation
is just worse at performing the paragraph's "role." Ibid. Once more,
the Court resorts to policy and purpose to escape its interpretive dilemma.
And once more, it fails to heed its own advice to Mr. Pulsifer that one
"interpretation is not better" than another "just because it would go fur-
ther" in advancing some view about the law's "role." Ante, at 152.
182 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

offense) thanks to a slightly more lenient sentencing judge
remains eligible for relief. Rather than "unerringly" enable
the safety valve to "separat[e] more serious prior offenders
from less serious ones," ante, at 147, the government's
approach thus leaves much to happenstance and luck -- 
an anomalous result indeed.
Return, then, to our actual absurdity doctrine and con-
sider the government's argument in its light. The govern-
ment worries that respecting paragraph (f)(1) as written
would treat "more serious" offenders too leniently. But in
doing so, the government ignores what follows. A defend-
ant who satisfes paragraph (f)(1) must still go on to satisfy
paragraphs (f)(2) -- (f)(5). And those provisions collectively
operate to deny relief to virtually anyone whose current of-
fense involves any trace of violence.
Even if a "more serious" offender could somehow thread
his way through all those needles, too, another would await.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The safety valve instructs a sentencing court to fashion
a sentence "pursuant to [the] guidelines.". The
guidelines expressly account for a defendant's criminal his-
tory, and few would accuse them of leniency toward those
with a history of serious offenses. In fact, defendants with
signifcant criminal histories often wind up with a recom-
mended guidelines sentence higher than the otherwise-
applicable mandatory minimum. See Brief for National
Association of Federal Defenders as Amicus Curiae 7 -- 8.
Sentencing courts may have the discretion to vary or depart
from the guidelines' recommended ranges. But Congress
could have rationally trusted courts to exercise that discre-
tion with an appreciation for the fact that individuals with
serious criminal histories -- such as the government's hypo-
thetical defendant with many prior three-point violent of-
fenses, see ante, at 147 -- 148; Brief for United States 23 -- 
warrant equally serious sentences. So, looking to the law
as a whole (as we must) and appreciating that Congress often
legislates using standardized formulas or checklists that may
 Cite as: (2024) 183

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

be over- and under-inclusive (again, as we must), there is
nothing approaching an absurdity that might license us to
rewrite the First Step Act.9
In a fnal effort to bolster the government's case, the Court
professes an entirely different concern of its own. It claims
to worry that the natural reading of the law would some-
times be too harsh in operation. Holding a defendant ineli-
gible for safety-valve relief based on offenses that score
"zero points," we are told, would be "out-of-sync" with
the law's purpose. Ante, at 146. But there is nothing ab-
surd here either. Subparagraph (A) provides that defend-
ants are eligible for relief as long as their past convictions
do not yield more than four criminal history points -- a calcu-
lation that, as we have seen, does not include points associ-
ated with old crimes and certain other offenses. Subpara-
graphs (B) and (C) provide that other defendants with more
than four criminal history points are eligible for relief too as
long as they don't have anywhere in their past a serious (3-
Page Proof Pending Publication
point) offense and a weighty (2-point) violent offense -- even
if those offenses are (say) too old to contribute to their crimi-
nal history scores. So whatever unfairness the Court may
perceive in one part of the safety valve (here, subparagraphs
(B) and (C)) is diminished when considered in light of another
(here, subparagraph (A)). Some might prefer a different
arrangement, but the one Congress ordained is hardly
absurd.

9
Nor is it clear that a "more serious" offender could even make it past
paragraph (f)(1) to begin with. The government seems to worry that a
3-point violent offense would not count as a 2-point violent offense under
subparagraph (C), thus allowing some violent offenders to satisfy para-
graph (f)(1) under its most natural construction. Ante, at 147 -- 148; Brief
for United States 22 -- 23. But, while Mr. Pulsifer has not pursued the
point in his case and so it is not at issue before us, some lower courts have
held that an ordinary person would read subparagraph (C)'s reference to
a 2-point violent offense to embrace a violent offense carrying at least that
many points. See, e.g., Lopez, 998 F. 3d, at 440 -- 441, ; see also Pace,
48 F. 4th, at 765 (Wood, J., dissenting).
184 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

If any law demonstrates the wisdom of our usual rules
against elevating policy appeals over plain text, it is this one.
Under the ordinary meaning of the statute, it is possible
some "more serious" offenders may make it past paragraph
(f)(1), and perhaps even end up receiving an individualized
sentence under guidelines that hardly exhibit solicitude for
those with "more serious" criminal histories. Under the im-
plicit distribution theory, in contrast, the availability of indi-
vidualized sentencing may depend on the happenstance of
one extra day in prison. In the end, attempting to pick be-
tween these two outcomes proves nothing more than the
futility of the exercise. However artfully the government
frames its dissatisfaction with the text of the statute, we
have neither the institutional competence nor the constitu-
tional mandate "to assess the relative merits of different
approaches" Congress could have taken. Hartford Under-
writers Ins. Co. v. Union Planters Bank, N. A., (2000). Our role is a more modest one: "[W]hen the stat-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ute's language is plain" and "the disposition required by the
text is not absurd," "the sole function of the courts... is to
enforce it according to its terms." Id., at 6 (internal quota-
tion marks omitted). Because that is undoubtedly the case
here, we must apply the safety valve as written.

VI
As I see it, the government hasn't come close to supplying
a lawful basis for departing from the law's ordinary meaning.
Suppose, though, at the end of this long march through its
inventive theories you remain unsure. Suppose you are left
with a reasonable doubt about whether Mr. Pulsifer or the
government has the better reading of the law. In circum-
stances like that, another rule of construction supplies an
answer. It is lenity.
The rule of lenity "is perhaps not much less old than con-
struction itself." United States v. Wiltberger, 5 Wheat. 76,
95 (1820) (Marshall, C. J.); see Wooden v. United States, (2022) (Gorsuch, J., concurring in judgment)
 Cite as: (2024) 185

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

(CC Va.
1812) (Marshall, C. J.)). It requires courts to interpret am-
biguous "penal laws," including those concerning sentencing,
in favor of liberty, not punishment. Wiltberger, 5 Wheat.,
at 95; United States v. Batchelder, (1979);
Bifulco v. United States, (1980).
This rule enforces weighty constitutional values. Courts
construe ambiguous penal laws with lenity because a free
nation operates against a background presumption of indi-
vidual liberty. See Wooden, 595 U. S., at 391 -- 392 (opinion of
Gorsuch, J.). We resolve doubts about a criminal law's
reach in favor of lenity, too, because in our federal govern-
ment only the people's elected representatives, not their
judges, are vested with the power to "defne a crime, and
ordain its punishment." Wiltberger, 5 Wheat., at 95; accord,
Crandon v. United States, (1990); Wooden,
595 U. S., at 391 -- 392 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.).
Lenity protects vital due process interests, as well, by en-
Page Proof Pending Publication
suring individuals fair notice of the consequences of their
actions. United States v. Lanier, (1997);
see McBoyle v. United States, (1931);
Wooden, 595 U. S., at 389 -- 391 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.). And
lenity performs still further work, guarding against the pos-
sibility that judges might condemn unpopular individuals to
punishment on the strength of their own views about com-
mon sense, good public policy, or "no more than a guess as
to what Congress intended." Ladner v. United States, (1958).
So suppose you thought a reasonable doubt remained
about how best to construe the First Step Act. In those
circumstances, the answer cannot be to adopt an interpreta-
tion that restricts safety-valve relief to thousands more indi-
viduals. The only permissible answer is one that favors
liberty.
VII
Today, the Court does not hedge its doubts in favor of lib-
erty. Instead, it endorses the government's implicit distri-
186 PULSIFER v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

bution theory and elevates it over the law's ordinary and
most natural meaning.
It is a regrettable choice that requires us to abandon
one principle of statutory interpretation after another.
We must read words into the law; we must delete others.
We must ignore Congress's use of a construction that tends
to avoid, not invite, questions about implicit distribution.
We must dismiss Congress's variations in usage as sloppy
mistakes. Never mind that Congress distributed phrases
expressly when it wanted them to repeat in the safety valve.
Never mind that Congress used "or" when it sought an eff-
cient way to hinge eligibility for relief based on a single char-
acteristic. We must then read even more words yet into the
law to manufacture a superfuity problem that does not exist.
We must elevate unexpressed congressional purposes over
statutory text. Finally, rather than resolve any reasonable
doubt about statutory meaning in favor of the individual, we
must prefer a more punitive theory the government only re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cently engineered.
Today, the Court indulges each of these moves. All to
what end? To deny some individuals a chance -- just a
chance -- at relief from mandatory minimums and a sentence
that fts them and their circumstances. It is a chance Con-
gress promised in the First Step Act, and it is a promise this
Court should have honored. Respectfully, I dissent.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 2
Pages 346 -- 365

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
April 17, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
346 OCTOBER TERM, 2023

Syllabus

MULDROW v. CITY OF ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI, et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the eighth circuit
No. 22 -- 193. Argued December 6, 2023 -- Decided April 17, 2024
Sergeant Jatonya Clayborn Muldrow maintains that her employer, the
St. Louis Police Department, transferred her from one job to another
because she is a woman. From 2008 through 2017, Muldrow worked as
a plainclothes offcer in the Department's specialized Intelligence Divi-
sion. In 2017, the new Intelligence Division commander asked to trans-
fer Muldrow out of the unit so he could replace her with a male police
offcer. Against Muldrow's wishes, the Department approved the re-
quest and reassigned Muldrow to a uniformed job elsewhere in the De-
partment. While Muldrow's rank and pay remained the same in the
new position, her responsibilities, perks, and schedule did not. After
the transfer, Muldrow no longer worked with high-ranking offcials on
the departmental priorities lodged in the Intelligence Division, instead
supervising the day-to-day activities of neighborhood patrol offcers.
Page Proof Pending Publication
She also lost access to an unmarked take-home vehicle and had a less
regular schedule involving weekend shifts.
Muldrow brought this Title VII suit to challenge the transfer. She
alleged that the City, in ousting her from the Intelligence Division,
had "discriminate[d] against" her based on sex "with respect to" the
"terms [or] conditions" of her employment. 42 U. S. C. -- 2(a)(1).
The District Court granted the City summary judgment. The Eighth
Circuit affrmed, holding that Muldrow had to -- but could not -- show
that the transfer caused her a "materially signifcant disadvantage."
30 F. 4th 680, 688. Muldrow's lawsuit could not proceed, the court said,
because the transfer "did not result in a diminution to her title, salary,
or benefits" and had caused "only minor changes in working
conditions." Id., at 688 -- 689.
Held: An employee challenging a job transfer under Title VII must show
that the transfer brought about some harm with respect to an identif-
able term or condition of employment, but that harm need not be sig-
nifcant. Pp. 354 -- 360.
(a) Title VII makes it unlawful for an employer "to fail or refuse to
hire or to discharge any individual, or otherwise to discriminate against
any individual with respect to his compensation, terms, conditions, or
privileges of employment, because of such individual's... sex."
-- 2(a)(1). Both parties agree that Muldrow's transfer implicated
 Cite as: (2024) 347

Syllabus

"terms" and "conditions" of Muldrow's employment. The applicable
statutory language thus prohibits "discriminat[ing] against" an individ-
ual "with respect to" the "terms [or] conditions" of employment because
of that individual's sex.
That language requires Muldrow to show that her transfer brought
about some "disadvantageous" change in an employment term or condi-
tion. Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Services, Inc.,.
The words "discriminate against," the Court has explained, refer to "dif-
ferences in treatment that injure" employees. Bostock v. Clayton
County,. In the typical transfer case, that worse
treatment must be "with respect to" employment "terms [or] condi-
tions." -- 2(a)(1). The "terms [or] conditions" phrase is not used
"in the narrow contractual sense"; it covers more than the "economic or
tangible." Oncale, 523 U. S., at 78; Meritor Savings Bank, FSB v. Vin-
son,. Still, the phrase circumscribes the injuries that
can give rise to a suit like this one. To make out a Title VII discrimina-
tion claim, a transferee must show some harm respecting an identifable
term or condition of employment.
What the transferee does not have to show is that the harm incurred
was "signifcant" or otherwise exceeded some heightened bar. "Dis-

Page Proof Pending Publication
criminate against" means treat worse, here based on sex. See, e. g.,
Bostock, 590 U. S., at 657. Neither that phrase nor any other estab-
lishes an elevated threshold of harm. To demand "signifcance" is to
add words to the statute Congress enacted. It is to impose a new re-
quirement on a Title VII claimant, so that the law as applied demands
something more than the law as written. That difference can make a
real difference for complaining transferees. By asking whether the
harm to the transferee is signifcant, appellate courts have disregarded
varied kinds of disadvantage. Pp. 354 -- 356.
(b) The City's three main arguments -- based on statutory text, prece-
dent, and policy -- do not justify the use of a "signifcance" standard.
The Court rejects the City's textual claim, which invokes the ejusdem
generis canon -- the idea that a general phrase following an enumeration
of things should be read to encompass only things of the same basic
kind. Applying that canon to the text of Title VII's anti-discrimination
provision, the City claims that because refusing to hire or discharging a
person causes a signifcant disadvantage, the "otherwise to discriminate
against" phrase can apply only to things causing an equal level of harm.
But the statutory text itself provides a different shared trait: Each kind
of prohibited discrimination occurs by way of an employment action -- 
whether pertaining to hiring, or fring, or compensating, or (as here)
altering terms or conditions through a transfer. That is a more than
348 MULDROW v. ST. LOUIS

Syllabus

suffcient basis to unite the provision's several parts and avoid ejusdem
generis problems.
Contrary to the City's view, there is also no reason to import a
signifcant-harm requirement from this Court's decision in Burlington
N. & S. F. R. Co. v. White,. The Court there held that
Title VII's anti-retaliation provision -- which prohibits an employer from
taking action against an employee for bringing or aiding a Title VII
charge -- applies only when the retaliatory action is "materially ad-
verse," meaning that it causes "signifcant" harm. Id., at 68. White
adopted that standard for reasons peculiar to the retaliation context.
The test was meant to capture those employer actions serious enough
to "dissuade a reasonable worker from making or supporting a charge
of discrimination." Ibid. An action causing less serious harm will
not deter Title VII enforcement and so falls outside the purposes of
the ban on retaliation. But that reasoning does not apply to the anti-
discrimination provision, which fatly "prevent[s] injury to individuals
based on" protected status, id., at 63, without distinguishing between
signifcant and less signifcant harms.
Finally, there is reason to doubt the City's prediction that employees
will food courts with litigation in the absence of a signifcant-injury
requirement. Courts retain multiple ways to dispose of meritless Title
Page Proof Pending Publication
VII claims challenging transfer decisions. But even supposing the
City's worst predictions come true, that would be the result of the stat-
ute Congress drafted. This Court will not add words to the statute to
achieve what the City thinks a desirable result. Pp. 356 -- 358.
(c) The courts below applied the wrong standard to Muldrow's suit.
Muldrow need show only some injury respecting her employment terms
or conditions. Her allegations, if properly preserved and supported,
meet that test with room to spare. The Court recognizes, however,
that the decisions below may have rested in part on issues of forfeiture
and proof. The Court leaves such matters for the courts below to ad-
dress on remand under the proper Title VII standard. Pp. 359 -- 360.
30 F. 4th 680, vacated and remanded.

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Sotomayor, Gorsuch, Barrett, and Jackson, JJ., joined. Thomas,
J., post, p. 360, Alito, J., post, p. 362, and Kavanaugh, J., post, p. 363, each
fled an opinion concurring in the judgment.

Brian Wolfman argued the cause for petitioner. With
him on the briefs were Regina Wang and Madeline Meth.
 Cite as: (2024) 349

Counsel

Aimee W. Brown argued the cause for the United States
as amicus curiae urging reversal. With her on the brief
were Solici tor General Prelogar, Assistant Attorney
General Clarke, Deputy Solicitor General Fletcher, Tovah
R. Calderon, Gwendolyn Young Reams, Jennifer S. Gold-
stein, Anne Noel Occhialino, and Georgina Yeomans.
Robert M. Loeb argued the cause for respondents. With
him on the brief were Sheena Hamilton, Thomas M.
Bondy, Robbi e Manhas, and James Anglin Flynn.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Constitutional
Accountability Center et al. by Elizabeth B. Wydra, Brianne J. Gorod,
and David D. Cole; for the Legal Aid Society et al. by Jim Davy; for the
National Employment Lawyers Association et al. by Carolyn L. Wheeler,
Stephen B. Pershing, Janai Nelson, Samuel Spital, Rachel Kleinman,
Emily Martin, and Rachel Smith; for the National Treasury Employees
Union by Julie M. Wilson and Paras N. Shah; and for Suja A. Thomas
et al. by Suja A. Thomas and Amy J. Wildermuth, both pro se.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Page Proof Pending Publication
Arkansas et al. by Tim Griffn, Attorney General of Arkansas, Nicholas
J. Bronni, Solicitor General, Dylan L. Jacobs, Deputy Solicitor General,
and Asher L. Steinberg, Senior Assistant Solicitor General, and by the
Attorneys General for their respective States as follows: Steve Marshall
of Alabama, Ashley Moody of Florida, Raúl Labrador of Idaho, Theodore
E. Rokita of Indiana, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi,
Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Drew Wrig-
ley of North Dakota, Gentner F. Drummond of Oklahoma, Alan Wilson
of South Carolina, Marty Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan Skrmetti of
Tennessee, Ken Paxton of Texas, and Sean D. Reyes of Utah; for the Local
Government Legal Center et al. by Amanda Kellar Karras and Erich
Eiselt; for the National School Boards Association et al. by Francisco M.
Negrón, Jr., Sonja H. Trainor, Jason P. Renzelmann, Charles B. Galvin,
and W. Joseph Scholler III; and for the Society for Human Resource Man-
agement by Richard B. Lapp and Camille A. Olson.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the District of Columbia et al. by
Brian L. Schwalb, Attorney General of the District of Columbia, Caroline
S. Van Zile, Solicitor General, Ashwin P. Phatak, Principal Deputy Solici-
tor General, and Holly M. Johnson, Senior Assistant Attorney General,
and by the Attorneys General for their respective States as follows: Wil-
liam Tong of Connecticut, Anne E. Lopez of Hawaii, Aaron M. Frey of
350 MULDROW v. ST. LOUIS

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
Sergeant Jatonya Clayborn Muldrow maintains that her
employer, the St. Louis Police Department, transferred her
from one job to another because she is a woman. She sued
the City of St. Louis under Title VII, alleging that she had
suffered sex discrimination with respect to the "terms [or]
conditions" of her employment. 42 U. S. C. -- 2(a)(1).
The courts below rejected the claim on the ground that the
transfer did not cause Muldrow a "signifcant" employment
disadvantage. Other courts have used similar standards in
addressing Title VII suits arising from job transfers.
Today, we disapprove that approach. Although an em-
ployee must show some harm from a forced transfer to pre-
vail in a Title VII suit, she need not show that the injury
satisfes a signifcance test. Title VII's text nowhere estab-
lishes that high bar.
Page Proof Pending PublicationI
From 2008 through 2017, Sergeant Muldrow worked as a
plainclothes offcer in the St. Louis Police Department's spe-
cialized Intelligence Division. During her tenure there, she
investigated public corruption and human traffcking cases,
oversaw the Gang Unit, and served as head of the Gun
Crimes Unit. By virtue of her Division position, Muldrow
was also deputized as a Task Force Offcer with the Federal
Bureau of Investigation -- a status granting her, among other
things, FBI credentials, an unmarked take-home vehicle, and
the authority to pursue investigations outside St. Louis. In
2017, the outgoing commander of the Intelligence Division
told her newly appointed successor that Muldrow was a

Maine, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Ellen F. Rosenblum of Oregon, Mi-
chelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, and Charity R. Clark of Vermont; and
for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America et al. by
Jason C. Schwartz, Lucas C. Townsend, Angelo I. Amador, Stephanie A.
Maloney, and Elizabeth Gaudio Milito.
 Cite as: (2024) 351

Opinion of the Court

"workhorse" -- still more, that "if there was one sergeant he
could count on in the Division," it was Muldrow. 2020 WL
5505113, *1 (ED Mo., Sept. 11, 2020).
But the new Intelligence Division commander, Captain
Michael Deeba, instead asked the Department to transfer
Muldrow out of the unit. Deeba wanted to replace
Muldrow -- whom he sometimes called "Mrs." rather than the
customary "Sergeant" -- with a male police offcer. See id.,
at *1 -- *2. That offcer, Deeba later testifed, seemed a better
ft for the Division's "very dangerous" work. Id., at *2; App.
139. The Department approved the transfer against Mul-
drow's wishes. It reassigned her to a uniformed job in the
Department's Fifth District.
While Muldrow's rank and pay remained the same in the
new position, her responsibilities, perks, and schedule did
not. Instead of working with high-ranking offcials on the
departmental priorities lodged in the Intelligence Division,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Muldrow now supervised the day-to-day activities of neigh-
borhood patrol offcers. Her new duties included approving
their arrests, reviewing their reports, and handling other ad-
ministrative matters; she also did some patrol work herself.
Because she no longer served in the Intelligence Division,
she lost her FBI status and the car that came with it. And
the change of jobs made Muldrow's workweek less regular.
She had worked a traditional Monday-through-Friday week
in the Intelligence Division. Now she was placed on a "ro-
tating schedule" that often involved weekend shifts. 2020
WL 5505113, *2.
Muldrow brought this Title VII suit to challenge the trans-
fer. Her complaint alleged that the City, in ousting her from
the Intelligence Division, had "discriminate[d] against" her
based on sex "with respect to" the "terms [or] conditions" of
her employment. -- 2(a)(1). In later deposition testi-
mony, Muldrow set out her view of what the transfer had
cost her. She had been moved out of a "premier position [in]
the Police Department" into a less "prestigious" and more
352 MULDROW v. ST. LOUIS

Opinion of the Court

"administrative" uniformed role. App. 105, 114, 120. She
had fewer "opportunities" to work on "important investiga-
tions," as well as to "network" with commanding offcers.
Id., at 104. And she lost material benefts -- her weekday
work schedule and take-home car. Or as she summarized
the situation: "I went from straight days, weekends off with
a take-home car and more visibility and responsibility within
the Department to a rotating schedule with few weekends
off, assigned to... uniformed patrol," with "responsibilities
being limited to that of administrative work" and "supervis-
ing offcers on patrol." Id., at 120. Title VII, Muldrow as-
serted in her suit, prevented the City from making those
changes to her employment because of her sex.
The District Court, viewing the matter differently,
granted the City summary judgment. Under Circuit prece-
dent, the court explained, Muldrow needed to show that her
transfer effected a "signifcant" change in working conditions
Page Proof Pending Publication
producing "material employment disadvantage." 2020 WL
5505113, *8 -- *9. And Muldrow, the court held, could not
meet that heightened-injury standard. "[S]he experienced
no change in salary or rank." Id., at *9. Her loss of "the
networking [opportunities] available in Intelligence" was im-
material because she had not provided evidence that it had
harmed her "career prospects." Id., at *8. And given her
continued "supervisory role," she had not "suffered a signif-
cant alteration to her work responsibilities." Id., at *9.
Finally, the District Court concluded that the switch to a
rotating schedule (including weekend work) and the loss of
a take-home vehicle could not fll the gap. Although men-
tioning those changes "in her statement of facts," Muldrow
had not relied on them in "her argument against summary
judgment." Ibid.,. And anyway, the court stated,
they "appear to be minor alterations of employment, rather
than material harms." Ibid.
The Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit affrmed. It
agreed that Muldrow had to -- but could not -- show that the
 Cite as: (2024) 353

Opinion of the Court

transfer caused a "materially signifcant disadvantage." 30
F. 4th 680, 688 (2022). Like the District Court, the Eighth
Circuit emphasized that the transfer "did not result in a dim-
inution to her title, salary, or benefts." Id., at 688 -- 689.
And the Circuit, too, maintained that the change in her job
responsibilities was "insuffcient" to support a Title VII
claim. Id., at 689. In the Fifth District, the court rea-
soned, Muldrow still had a "supervisory role" and partici-
pated in investigating serious crimes. Id., at 688. So the
court thought Muldrow's view of the new job -- "more admin-
istrative and less prestigious" -- was unsupported by record
evidence and not "persuasive." Ibid. The court did not ad-
dress Muldrow's new schedule or her loss of a car, apparently
thinking those matters either forfeited or too slight to men-
tion. Overall, the court held, Muldrow's claim could not pro-
ceed because she had experienced "only minor changes in
working conditions." Ibid.
Page Proof Pending Publication
We granted certiorari, 600 U. S. -- -- -- (2023), to resolve a
Circuit split over whether an employee challenging a trans-
fer under Title VII must meet a heightened threshold of
harm -- be it dubbed signifcant, serious, or something simi-
lar.1 We now vacate the judgment below because the text
of Title VII imposes no such requirement.

1
Compare, e.g., 30 F. 4th 680, 688 (CA8 2022) (case below) ("materially
signifcant disadvantage"); Caraballo-Caraballo v. Correctional Admin.,
892 F. 3d 53, 61 (CA1 2018) ("materially changes" employment conditions
in a manner "more disruptive than a mere inconvenience or an alteration
of job responsibilities"); Williams v. R. H. Donnelley, Corp., 368 F. 3d
123, 128 (CA2 2004) ("materially signifcant disadvantage"); James v. Booz-
Allen & Hamilton, Inc., 368 F. 3d 371, 376 (CA4 2004) ("signifcant detri-
mental effect"); O'Neal v. Chicago, 392 F. 3d 909, 911 (CA7 2004) ("materi-
ally adverse"); Sanchez v. Denver Pub. Schools, 164 F. 3d 527, 532 (CA10
1998) ("signifcant change"); and Webb-Edwards v. Orange Cty. Sheriff 's
Offce, 525 F. 3d 1013, 1033 (CA11 2008) ("serious and material change"),
with Chambers v. District of Columbia, 35 F. 4th 870, 872, 876 -- 877 (CADC
2022) (en banc) (overruling precedent that demanded an "objectively tangi-
ble harm" and rejecting a "material adversity" requirement).
354 MULDROW v. ST. LOUIS

Opinion of the Court

II
A
Title VII makes it unlawful for an employer "to fail or
refuse to hire or to discharge any individual, or otherwise to
discriminate against any individual with respect to his com-
pensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment,
because of such individual's race, color, religion, sex, or na-
tional origin." -- 2(a)(1). Muldrow's suit, as de-
scribed above, alleges that she was transferred to a lesser
position because she is a woman. That transfer, as both par-
ties agree, implicated "terms" and "conditions" of Muldrow's
employment, changing nothing less than the what, where,
and when of her police work. See Brief for Muldrow 19;
Brief for City 1, 45 -- 46. So the statutory language applica-
ble to this case prohibits "discriminat[ing] against" an indi-
vidual "with respect to" the "terms [or] conditions" of em-
ployment because of that individual's sex.
Page Proof Pending Publication
That language requires Muldrow to show that the transfer
brought about some "disadvantageous" change in an employ-
ment term or condition. Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore
Services, Inc., (1998). The words "discrimi-
nate against," we have explained, refer to "differences in
treatment that injure" employees. Bostock v. Clayton
County, (2020). Or otherwise said, the
statute targets practices that "treat a person worse" be-
cause of sex or other protected trait. Id., at 658. And in
the typical transfer case, that "worse" treatment must per-
tain to -- must be "with respect to" -- employment "terms [or]
conditions." -- 2(a)(1). The "terms [or] conditions"
phrase, we have made clear, is not used "in the narrow con-
tractual sense"; it covers more than the "economic or tangi-
ble." Oncale, 523 U. S., at 78; Meritor Savings Bank, FSB
v. Vinson, (1986). Still, the phrase circum-
scribes the injuries that can give rise to a suit like this one.
To make out a Title VII discrimination claim, a transferee
 Cite as: (2024) 355

Opinion of the Court

must show some harm respecting an identifable term or con-
dition of employment.
What the transferee does not have to show, according to
the relevant text, is that the harm incurred was "signifcant."
30 F. 4th, at 688. Or serious, or substantial, or any similar
adjective suggesting that the disadvantage to the employee
must exceed a heightened bar. See supra, at 353, and.
"Discriminate against" means treat worse, here based on
sex. See, e. g., Bostock, 590 U. S., at 657 -- 658, 681. But nei-
ther that phrase nor any other says anything about how
much worse. There is nothing in the provision to dis-
tinguish, as the courts below did, between transfers caus-
ing signifcant disadvantages and transfers causing not-so-
signifcant ones. And there is nothing to otherwise
establish an elevated threshold of harm. To demand "sig-
nifcance" is to add words -- and signifcant words, as it
were -- to the statute Congress enacted. It is to impose a
Page Proof Pending Publication
new requirement on a Title VII claimant, so that the law as
applied demands something more of her than the law as
written.
And that difference can make a real difference for com-
plaining transferees. Many forced transfers leave workers
worse off respecting employment terms or conditions.
(After all, a transfer is not usually forced when it leaves
the employee better off.) But now add another question -- 
whether the harm is signifcant. As appellate decisions re-
veal, the answers can lie in the eye of the beholder -- and
can disregard varied kinds of disadvantage. Take just a few
examples from the caselaw. An engineering technician is
assigned to work at a new job site -- specifcally, a 14-by-22-
foot wind tunnel; a court rules that the transfer does not
have a "signifcant detrimental effect." Boone v. Goldin,
178 F. 3d 253, 256 (CA4 1999). A shipping worker is re-
quired to take a position involving only nighttime work; a
court decides that the assignment does not "constitute a sig-
nifcant change in employment." Daniels v. United Parcel
356 MULDROW v. ST. LOUIS

Opinion of the Court

Serv., Inc., 701 F. 3d 620, 635 (CA10 2012). And a school
principal is forced into a non-school-based administrative
role supervising fewer employees; a court again fnds the
change in job duties not "signifcant." Cole v. Wake Cty. Bd.
of Educ., 834 Fed. Appx. 820, 821 (CA4 2021) (per curiam).
All those employees suffered some injury in employment
terms or conditions (allegedly because of race or sex). Their
claims were rejected solely because courts rewrote Title VII,
compelling workers to make a showing that the statutory
text does not require.2
B
The City, in defense of that added requirement, makes
three main arguments -- one about the text, one about our
precedent, and one about policy. None justifes the use of a
"signifcance" standard.
The textual claim invokes the ejusdem generis canon -- the
idea that a general phrase following an enumeration of
Page Proof Pending Publication
things should be read to encompass only things of the same
basic kind. Recall the prohibition at issue here: An em-
ployer may not, based on sex, "fail or refuse to hire" or "dis-
charge" any person or "otherwise... discriminate against
[her] with respect to [her] compensation, terms, conditions,

2
Justice Thomas's concurring opinion appears to disagree in two re-
spects. He initially disputes that courts have applied a heightened-harm
requirement in demanding that a plaintiff show something like "materially
signifcant disadvantage." See post, at 360 (opinion concurring in judg-
ment). And as a corollary, he denies that courts will have to change their
treatment of Title VII claims once they start to apply the simple injury
standard set out in this opinion. See post, at 361 -- 362. In light of those
views, we underscore two points. First, this decision changes the legal
standard used in any circuit that has previously required "signifcant,"
"material," or "serious" injury. It lowers the bar Title VII plaintiffs must
meet. Second, because it does so, many cases will come out differently.
The decisions described above are examples, intended to illustrate how
claims that failed under a signifcance standard should now succeed. And
as we will discuss, the decision below is another such example, putting to one
side case-specifc issues of forfeiture and proof. See infra, at 359 -- 360.
 Cite as: (2024) 357

Opinion of the Court

or privileges of employment." -- 2(a)(1); see supra, at
354. Refusing to hire or discharging a person, the City
notes, causes a signifcant disadvantage; so the subsequent
"otherwise" phrase, the City claims, can apply only to things
causing an equal level of harm. See Brief for City 16, 25 -- 27.
But the City fails to explain why the presence of signifcant
disadvantage must be part of the list's common denominator.
The text itself provides a different shared trait. Each kind
of prohibited discrimination occurs by way of an employment
action -- whether pertaining to hiring, or fring, or compen-
sating, or (as here) altering terms or conditions through a
transfer. That is a more than suffcient basis to unite the
provision's several parts and avoid ejusdem generis prob-
lems. There is no need for courts to introduce a signifcant-
harm requirement.
The City's argument from precedent fares no better. It
relies on Burlington Northern & Santa Fe Railway Co. v.
Page Proof Pending Publication
White, (2006), which addressed Title VII's sepa-
rate anti-retaliation provision. Under that section, an em-
ployer may not take action against an employee for bringing
or aiding a Title VII charge. See -- 3(a). The Court
held that the provision applies only when the retaliatory ac-
tion is "materially adverse," meaning that it causes "signif-
cant" harm. Id., at 68. The City thinks we should import
the same standard into the anti-discrimination provision at
issue. See Brief for City 18 -- 19. But that would create a
mismatch. White adopted the standard for reasons peculiar
to the retaliation context. The test was meant to capture
those (and only those) employer actions serious enough to
"dissuade a reasonable worker from making or supporting
a charge of discrimination." 548 U. S., at 68. If an action
causes less serious harm, the Court reasoned, it will not
deter Title VII enforcement; and if it will not deter Title
VII enforcement, it falls outside the purposes of the ban on
retaliation. See id., at 63, 68. But no such (frankly extra-
textual) reasoning is applicable to the discrimination bar.
358 MULDROW v. ST. LOUIS

Opinion of the Court

Whether an action causes signifcant enough harm to deter
any employee conduct is there beside the point. White itself
noted the difference: The anti-discrimination provision, we
explained, simply "seeks a workplace where individuals are
not discriminated against" because of traits like race and sex.
Id., at 63. The provision thus fatly "prevent[s] injury to
individuals based on" status, ibid., without distinguishing be-
tween signifcant and less signifcant harms.
Finally, the City's policy objections cannot override Title
VII's text. In the City's view, a signifcant-injury require-
ment is needed to prevent transferred employees from
"swamp[ing] courts and employers" with insubstantial law-
suits requiring "burdensome discovery and trials." Brief
for City 45, 49 (capitalization and boldface omitted). But
there is reason to doubt that the foodgates will open in the
way feared. As we have explained, the anti-discrimination
provision at issue requires that the employee show some in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
jury. See supra, at 354 -- 355. It requires that the injury
asserted concern the terms or conditions of her employment.
See ibid. Perhaps most notably, it requires that the em-
ployer have acted for discriminatory reasons -- "because of "
sex or race or other protected trait. -- 2(a)(1). And
in addressing that issue, a court may consider whether a less
harmful act is, in a given context, less suggestive of inten-
tional discrimination. So courts retain multiple ways to dis-
pose of meritless Title VII claims challenging transfer deci-
sions. But even supposing the City's worst predictions
come true, that would be the result of the statute Congress
drafted. As we noted in another Title VII decision, we will
not "add words to the law" to achieve what some employers
might think "a desirable result." EEOC v. Abercrombie &
Fitch Stores, Inc., (2015). Had Congress
wanted to limit liability for job transfers to those causing a
signifcant disadvantage, it could have done so. By contrast,
this Court does not get to make that judgment.
 Cite as: (2024) 359

Opinion of the Court

III
In light of everything said above, the Court of Appeals'
treatment of Muldrow's suit cannot survive. The court re-
quired Muldrow to show that the allegedly discriminatory
transfer out of the Intelligence Division produced a signif-
cant employment disadvantage. See supra, at 352 -- 353. As
we have explained, that is the wrong standard. Muldrow
need show only some injury respecting her employment
terms or conditions. The transfer must have left her worse
off, but need not have left her signifcantly so. And Mul-
drow's allegations, if properly preserved and supported,
meet that test with room to spare. Recall her principal alle-
gations. She was moved from a plainclothes job in a presti-
gious specialized division giving her substantial responsibil-
ity over priority investigations and frequent opportunity to
work with police commanders. She was moved to a uni-
formed job supervising one district's patrol offcers, in which
Page Proof Pending Publication
she was less involved in high-visibility matters and primarily
performed administrative work. Her schedule became less
regular, often requiring her to work weekends; and she lost
her take-home car. If those allegations are proved, she was
left worse off several times over. It does not matter, as the
courts below thought (and Justice Thomas echoes), that her
rank and pay remained the same, or that she still could ad-
vance to other jobs. See ibid.; post, at 361. Title VII pro-
hibits making a transfer, based on sex, with the conse-
quences Muldrow described.
We recognize, however, that the decisions below may have
rested in part on issues of forfeiture and proof. The District
Court noted, for example, that Muldrow had failed to discuss
in her argument against summary judgment the changes in
her work schedule and vehicle access; and perhaps following
that lead, the Court of Appeals did not address those harms.
See supra, at 352 -- 353. In addition, both courts suggested
that some of the allegations Muldrow made about the nature
360 MULDROW v. ST. LOUIS

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

of the work she did in her old and new jobs lacked adequate
evidentiary support. See ibid. We leave such matters for
the courts below to address. All we require is that they use
the proper Title VII standard, and not demand that Muldrow
demonstrate her transfer caused "signifcant" harm.
We accordingly vacate the judgment of the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit and remand the case for fur-
ther proceedings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, concurring in the judgment.
I agree with Justice Alito that the Courts of Appeals
all appear to articulate the same principle, but with slightly
varying verbal formulations: A plaintiff bringing a claim
under 42 U. S. C. -- 2(a)(1) must show harm that is
more than trifing. Post, at 362 -- 363 (opinion concurring in
Page Proof Pending Publication
judgment). And, there is little practical difference between
that principle and the Court's holding. Ante, at 350 (holding
that an employee "must show some harm").
I am not convinced, however, that the Court accurately
characterizes the Eighth Circuit's decision. I do not read
the Eighth Circuit to have necessarily imposed a heightened-
harm requirement in the form of a "signifcance" test. The
Eighth Circuit defned an adverse employment action as "a
tangible change in working conditions that produces a mate-
rial employment disadvantage." 30 F. 4th 680, 688 (2022). It further explained
that "minor changes in duties or working conditions, even
unpalatable or unwelcome ones, which cause no materially
signifcant disadvantage, do not rise to the level of an ad-
verse employment action." Ibid. (alteration and internal
quotation marks omitted). In other words, a plaintiff must
have suffered an actual disadvantage as compared to minor
changes -- i. e., more than a trifing harm. That standard
aligns with the Court's observation that a plaintiff must
 Cite as: (2024) 361

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

show "some `disadvantageous' change in an employment
term or condition." Ante, at 354 ).
The Court insists that the Eighth Circuit must have de-
manded more given the weight of Muldrow's allegations.
Specifcally, the Court underscores Muldrow's claims that the
City of St. Louis "moved [her] from a plainclothes job in a
prestigious specialized division" with a take-home car and a
regular schedule, to a "uniformed job supervising one dis-
trict's patrol offcers," with no take-home car and an irregu-
lar schedule. Ante, at 359. But, most of those allegations
are forfeited or attributable to a nonparty, the Federal Bu-
reau of Investigation. See 2020 WL 5505113, *9, (ED
Mo., Sept. 11, 2020) (observing that Muldrow did not raise
arguments based on "having to return her take-home [car],"
"changes to her schedule, including having to work week-
ends," or "having to work in plain clothes"); 30 F. 4th, at 689
Page Proof Pending Publication
(concluding that "the FBI had the sole authority to revoke"
Muldrow's plainclothes and take-home car privileges). Be-
fore the Eighth Circuit, Muldrow argued only that the City
moved her to a job that was "more administrative and less
prestigious." Id., at 688. Her "only evidence" in support
of that argument was "her own deposition testimony," which
neither the District Court nor the Eighth Circuit found per-
suasive. Ibid. And, Muldrow's testimony certainly did not
establish any "proof of harm resulting from [her] reassign-
ment." Ibid. After the transfer, Muldrow's "pay and rank
remained the same, she was given a supervisory role, and
she was responsible for investigating violent crimes, such as
homicides and robberies." Ibid. Muldrow even conceded
that the transfer "did not harm her future career prospects."
Ibid. At most, then, Muldrow "expresse[d] a mere prefer-
ence for one position over the other." Id., at 689.
Muldrow failed to prove that there was any nontrifing
change in her job's prestige -- which was her lone theory of
harm. Id., at 688 -- 689. The Eighth Circuit rejected Mul-
362 MULDROW v. ST. LOUIS

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

drow's adverse employment action claim accordingly. I fail
to see how the Eighth Circuit's reasoning -- that a plaintiff
must offer colorable evidence of harm -- is equivalent to the
heightened-harm requirement the Court concludes the
Eighth Circuit applied. Ante, at 359 (agreeing that "[t]he
transfer must have left [Muldrow] worse off ").
All that said, I recognize that the terms "material" and
"signifcant" can (but do not always) imply a heightened-
harm requirement. Although I fnd it unlikely, it is possible
that the Eighth Circuit had such a stringent test in mind
when it stated that a plaintiff must show a " `materially
signifcant disadvantage.' " 30 F. 4th, at 688. I thus agree
to vacate and remand to the extent the Eighth Circuit's
analysis is inconsistent with a more-than-trifling-harm
requirement.

Justice Alito, concurring in the judgment.
I agree with the judgment in this case. Assuming with-
Page Proof
out deciding Pending
that all the Publication
facts mentioned by the Court are
relevant and properly presented, petitioner's transfer al-
tered the "terms" or "conditions" of her employment, 42
U. S. C. -- 2(a)(1), and therefore she can prevail if she
can prove that she was transferred because of her sex.
I do not join the Court's unhelpful opinion. For decades,
dozens of lower court judges, with a wealth of experience
handling Title VII cases, have held that not every unwanted
employment experience affects an employee's "terms" or
"conditions" of employment. The lower courts have used
various verbal formulations to express this point, and the
Court, dubious about the words they had selected, granted
review to provide guidance. Now, after briefng and argu-
ment, that guidance is as follows: Title VII plaintiffs must
show that the event they challenge constituted a "harm" or
"injury," but that the event need not be "signifcant" or "sub-
stantial." See ante, at 354 -- 355, 358.
I have no idea what this means, and I can just imagine
how this guidance will be greeted by lower court judges.
 Cite as: 601 U. S. -- -- -- (2024) 363

Kavanaugh, J., concurring in judgment

The primary defnition of "harm" is "physical or mental dam-
age," and an "injury" is defned as "an act that damages,
harms, or hurts: an unjust or undeserved infiction of suffer-
ing or harm." Webster's Third International Dictionary
1034, 1164 (1976). These defnitions incorporate at least
some degree of signifcance or substantiality. We do not
typically say that we were harmed or injured by every un-
wanted experience. What would we think if a friend said,
"I was harmed because the supermarket had run out of my
favorite brand of peanut butter," or, "I was injured because
I ran into three rather than the usual two red lights on the
way home from work"?
I see little if any substantive difference between the termi-
nology the Court approves and the terminology it doesn't
like. The predictable result of today's decision is that care-
ful lower court judges will mind the words they use but will
continue to do pretty much just what they have done for
years.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Justice Kavanaugh, concurring in the judgment.
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 makes it unlawful
for an employer "to discriminate against any individual with
respect to his compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges
of employment, because of such individual's race, color, reli-
gion, sex, or national origin." 42 U. S. C. -- 2(a)(1).
The question presented in this case is whether transferring
an employee -- for example, changing an employee's job re-
sponsibilities or job location -- on the basis of race, color, reli-
gion, sex, or national origin violates Title VII. The answer
is yes.
I therefore agree with the straightforward opinion jointly
authored by Judge Tatel and Judge Ginsburg for the en banc
D. C. Circuit. See Chambers v. District of Columbia, 35
F. 4th 870 (2022). As that court explained, even when a
transfer does not change an employee's compensation, a
transfer does change the employee's terms, conditions, or
privileges of employment. See id., at 874 -- 879. Therefore,
364 MULDROW v. ST. LOUIS

Kavanaugh, J., concurring in judgment

a transfer made on the basis of the employee's race, color,
religion, sex, or national origin violates Title VII. See id.,
at 874 -- 875.
As I see it and as the D. C. Circuit saw it, the issue here
is not complicated. Suppose that an employer says to an
employee in the Columbus offce: "We are transferring you
to the Cincinnati offce because you are black. But your
compensation will not change." Does that violate Title VII?
Of course it does. To begin with, the employer has treated
the employee differently because of race. To be sure, the
fact that a transfer may not involve a change in compensation
can affect the amount of any damages, as Muldrow's attorney
acknowledged. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 41 -- 42. But a transfer
changes the terms, conditions, or privileges of employment.
Therefore, a discriminatory transfer violates the statute.
"The plain text of Title VII requires no more." Chambers,
35 F. 4th, at 875.1
Unlike the D. C. Circuit, some Courts of Appeals have held
Page Proof Pending Publication
that discriminatory transfers are not prohibited by Title VII
unless the transfer also causes signifcant employment disad-
vantage. Ante, at 353,. Today, this Court defnitively
rejects those rulings. Ante, at 355 -- 356, and. I fully
agree with the Court on that point.
But the Court's opinion then goes on to require that a
plaintiff in a discriminatory-transfer case show at least "some
harm" beyond the harm of being transferred on the basis
of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. Ante, at 355.
I disagree with the Court's new some-harm requirement.
No court has adopted a some-harm requirement, and no

1
To be sure, the employment action in a transfer case must actually be
a transfer (or denied transfer), which requires a change (or denied change)
in the compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment. See
Brief for District of Columbia et al. as Amici Curiae 17 -- 18. There may
be edge cases about what qualifes as a transfer. But as the Solicitor
General notes, a change in an employee's job location or job responsibilities
readily qualifes. See Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 11, 22.
 Cite as: 601 U. S. -- -- -- (2024) 365

Kavanaugh, J., concurring in judgment

party or amicus advocated that requirement to this Court.
More to the point, the text of Title VII does not require a
separate showing of some harm. The discrimination is
harm. The only question then is whether the relevant em-
ployment action changes the compensation, terms, condi-
tions, or privileges of employment. A transfer does so.
Therefore, as the D. C. Circuit explained, a transfer on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin is action-
able under Title VII. Chambers, 35 F. 4th, at 874 -- 879.
All of that said, the Court's new some-harm requirement
appears to be a relatively low bar. Importantly, the Court
emphasizes that "some harm" is less than signifcant harm,
serious harm, or substantial harm. Ante, at 355. There-
fore, anyone who has been transferred because of race, color,
religion, sex, or national origin should easily be able to show
some additional harm -- whether in money, time, satisfaction,
schedule, convenience, commuting costs or time, prestige,
status, career prospects, interest level, perks, professional
Page Proof Pending Publication
relationships, networking opportunities, effects on family ob-
ligations, or the like. So even though I respectfully disagree
with the Court's new some-harm requirement, I expect that
the Court's approach and my preferred approach will land in
the same place and lead to the same result in 99 out of 100
discriminatory-transfer cases, if not in all 100.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 2
Pages 366 -- 376

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
May 9, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
366 OCTOBER TERM, 2023

Syllabus

WARNER CHAPPELL MUSIC, INC., et al. v. NEALY
et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the eleventh circuit
No. 22 -- 1078. Argued February 21, 2024 -- Decided May 9, 2024
Under the Copyright Act, a plaintiff must fle suit "within three years
after the claim accrued." 17 U. S. C.. On one understanding
of that limitations provision, a copyright claim "accrue[s]" when "an in-
fringing act occurs." Petrella v. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.,. But under an alternative view, the so-called discovery rule, a
claim accrues when "the plaintiff discovers, or with due diligence should
have discovered," the infringing act. Ibid.,. That rule enables a
diligent plaintiff to raise claims about even very old infringements if
he discovered them within the three years prior to suit. In this case,
respondent Sherman Nealy invoked the discovery rule to sue Warner
Chappell Music for copyright infringements going back ten years.
Nealy argued that his claims were timely because he frst learned of the
Page Proof Pending Publication
infringing conduct less than three years before he sued. In the District
Court, Warner Chappell accepted that the discovery rule governed the
timeliness of Nealy's claims. But it argued that, even if Nealy could
sue under that rule for older infringements, he could recover damages
or profts for only those occurring in the last three years. The District
Court agreed. On interlocutory appeal, the Eleventh Circuit reversed,
rejecting the notion of a three-year damages bar on a timely claim.
Held: The Copyright Act entitles a copyright owner to obtain monetary
relief for any timely infringement claim, no matter when the infringe-
ment occurred. The Act's statute of limitations establishes a three-
year period for fling suit, which begins to run when a claim accrues
(here, the Court assumes without deciding, upon its discovery). That
provision establishes no separate three-year limit on recovering dam-
ages. If any time limit on damages exists, it must come from the Act's
remedial sections. But those provisions merely state that an infringer
is liable either for statutory damages or for the owner's actual damages
and the infringer's profts. See -- (c). There is no time limit on
monetary recovery. So a copyright owner possessing a timely claim is
entitled to damages for infringement, no matter when the infringe-
ment occurred.
The Court's decision in Petrella also does not support a three-year
damages cap. There, the Court noted that the Copyright Act's statute
 Cite as: (2024) 367

Syllabus

of limitations allows plaintiffs "to gain retrospective relief running only
three years back from" the fling of a suit. 572 U. S., at 672. Taken
out of context, that line might seem to address the issue here. But that
statement merely described how the limitations provision worked in
Petrella, where the plaintiff had long known of the defendant's infring-
ing conduct and so could not avail herself of the discovery rule to sue
for infringing acts more than three years old. The Court did not go
beyond the case's facts to say that even if the limitations provision
allows a claim for an earlier infringement, the plaintiff may not obtain
monetary relief.
Unlike the plaintiff in Petrella, Nealy has invoked the discovery rule
to bring claims for infringing acts occurring more than three years be-
fore he fled suit. The Court granted certiorari in this case on the as-
sumption that such claims may be timely under the Act's limitations
provision. If Nealy's claims are thus timely, he may obtain damages
for them. Pp. 371 -- 374.
60 F. 4th 1325, affrmed.

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Sotomayor, Kavanaugh, Barrett, and Jackson, JJ., joined. Gor-

Page Proof Pending Publication
such, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Thomas and Alito, JJ., joined,
post, p. 374.

Kannon K. Shanmugam argued the cause for petitioners.
With him on the briefs were Brian M. Lipshutz, Abigail
Frisch Vice, Jonathan Z. King, and Karen L. Stetson.
J. Wesley Earnhardt argued the cause for respondents.
With him on the brief were Antony L. Ryan, Dean M. Nick-
les, Chelsea A. Lewis, Chr is Kleppin, and Robert A.
Rosenberg.
Yaira Dubin argued the cause for the United States as
amicus curiae urging affrmance. With her on the brief
were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal Deputy Assist-
ant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor General
Stewart, Daniel Tenny, Suzanne V. Wilson, and Emily L.
Chapuis.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Association
of American Publishers by Nicole Bergstrom and Edward H. Rosenthal;
for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America by Adam
368 WARNER CHAPPELL MUSIC, INC. v. NEALY

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Copyright Act's statute of limitations provides that a
copyright owner must bring an infringement claim within
three years of its accrual. See 17 U. S. C.. In this
case, we assume without deciding that a claim is timely
under that provision if brought within three years of when
the plaintiff discovered an infringement, no matter when the
infringement happened. We then consider whether a claim
satisfying that rule is subject to another time-based limit -- 
this one, preventing the recovery of damages for any in-
fringement that occurred more than three years before a
lawsuit's fling. We hold that no such limit on damages ex-
ists. The Copyright Act entitles a copyright owner to re-
cover damages for any timely claim.

I
This dispute had its start in a decades-old, short-lived
Page Proof Pending Publication
music venture. In 1983, Sherman Nealy and Tony Butler
formed Music Specialist, Inc. That company recorded and
released one album and several singles, including the works
at issue. But the collaboration dissolved a few years later.
And Nealy soon afterward went to prison for drug-related
offenses. He served one prison term from 1989 to 2008, and
another from 2012 to 2015.

G. Unikowsky; and for the Recording Industry Association of America by
Elaine J. Goldenberg.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the American
Intellectual Property Law Association by Benjamin J. Siders and Ann M.
Mueting; for the Authors Guild, Inc., et al. by Benjamin H. Diessel; for
the National Society of Entertainment & Arts Lawyers by Scott Alan
Burroughs and Steven T. Lowe; and for Ralph Oman by Vincent Levy,
Brendon DeMay, and Brian T. Goldman.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the Electronic Frontier Foundation
et al. by Mitchell L. Stoltz and Michael Barclay; for McHale & Slavin,
P. A., by Andrew D. Lockton and Edward F. McHale; for Krystina Cavazos
et al. by Robert C. Lind and Michael M. Epstein, both pro se; and for
Tyler T. Ochoa, pro se.
 Cite as: (2024) 369

Opinion of the Court

Meanwhile, Butler (unbeknownst to Nealy) entered into an
agreement with Warner Chappell Music, Inc. to license
works from the Music Specialist catalog. And Warner
Chappell found quite a few takers. One Music Specialist
work ("Jam the Box") was interpolated into Flo Rida's hit
song "In the Ayer," which sold millions of copies and reached
No. 9 on the Billboard chart. Use of that song was in turn
licensed to several popular television shows, including "So
You Think You Can Dance." Other Music Specialist songs
found their way into recordings by the Black Eyed Peas and
Kid Sister.
In 2018, following his second prison stint, Nealy sued
Warner Chappell for copyright infringement. Nealy alleged
that he held the copyrights to Music Specialist's songs and
that Warner Chappell's licensing activities infringed his
rights. The infringing activity, Nealy claimed, dated back
to 2008 -- so ten years before he brought suit. Nealy sought
Page Proof Pending Publication
damages and profts for the alleged misconduct, as the Copy-
right Act authorizes. See.
For his claims to proceed, Nealy had to show they were
timely. Under the Copyright Act, a plaintiff must fle suit
"within three years after the claim accrued.". On
one understanding of that limitations provision, a copyright
claim "accrue[s]" when "an infringing act occurs." Petrella
v. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc., (2014). So
a plaintiff can complain about infringements going back only
three years from the time he fled suit. If that rule gov-
erned, many of Nealy's claims would be untimely, because
they alleged infringements occurring as much as ten years
earlier. But under an alternative view of the Act's limita-
tions provision, a claim accrues when "the plaintiff discovers,
or with due diligence should have discovered," the infringing
act. Ibid.,. That so-called discovery rule, used in the
Circuit where Nealy sued, enables a diligent plaintiff to raise
claims about even very old infringements if he discovered
them within the prior three years. Nealy urged that all his
370 WARNER CHAPPELL MUSIC, INC. v. NEALY

Opinion of the Court

claims were timely under that rule because he did not learn
of Warner Chappell's infringing conduct until 2016 -- just
after he got out of prison and less than three years before
he sued.
In the District Court, though, Nealy ran into a different
timing objection, related not to his ability to bring suit but
to his recovery of damages. Warner Chappell accepted that
the discovery rule governed the timeliness of Nealy's claims.
But it argued that even if Nealy could sue under that rule
for infringements going back ten years, he could recover
damages or profts for only those occurring in the last three.
The District Court agreed. Relying on a decision from the
Second Circuit, the court held that even when claims for old
infringements are timely, monetary relief is "limited" to "the
three years prior to the fling" of the action. App. to Pet.
for Cert. 26a ). So Nealy could bring claims for infring-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing acts beyond that three-year period, but could not recover
any money for them. Appreciating the impact of that rul-
ing, the District Court certifed it for interlocutory appeal.
See App. to Pet. for Cert. 36a; 28 U. S. C..
The Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit reversed,
rejecting the notion of a three-year damages bar on a timely
claim. The court "assume[d] for the purposes of answering"
the certifed question that all of Nealy's claims were "timely
under the discovery rule." 60 F. 4th 1325, 1331 (2023).
And on that assumption, the court ruled, he could recover
full damages. Allying itself with the Ninth rather than the
Second Circuit, the court held that a plaintiff with a timely
claim under the discovery rule may obtain "retrospective re-
lief for [an] infringement" even if it "occurr[ed] more than
three years before the lawsuit's fling." Ibid. ).
"[T]he plain text of the Copyright Act," the Eleventh Circuit
stated, "does not support the existence of a separate dam-
ages bar for an otherwise timely copyright claim." 60
 Cite as: (2024) 371

Opinion of the Court

F. 4th, at 1334. And imposing such a bar, the court rea-
soned, "would gut the discovery rule by eliminating any
meaningful relief " for the very claims it is designed to pre-
serve. Ibid.
We granted certiorari, 600 U. S. -- -- -- (2023), to resolve the
Circuit split noted above, and we now affrm the Eleventh
Circuit's decision.
II
The question on which this Court granted certiorari is
"[w]hether, under the discovery accrual rule applied by the
circuit courts," a copyright plaintiff "can recover damages
for acts that allegedly occurred more than three years before
the fling of a lawsuit." Ibid. That question, which the
Court substituted for Warner Chappell's, incorporates an as-
sumption: that the discovery rule governs the timeliness of
copyright claims. We have never decided whether that as-
sumption is valid -- i. e., whether a copyright claim accrues
when a plaintiff discovers or should have discovered an in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fringement, rather than when the infringement happened.
See Petrella, 572 U. S., at 670,. But that issue is not
properly presented here, because Warner Chappell never
challenged the Eleventh Circuit's use of the discovery rule
below. See supra, at 370; cf. Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005) ("[W]e are a court of review, not of frst
view"). And as noted above, a division exists among the
many Courts of Appeals applying a copyright discovery rule
(11 at last count) about whether to superimpose a three-year
limit on damages. See supra, at 370 -- 371; Petrella, 572
U. S., at 670, ; Pet. for Cert. 4. We therefore confned
our review to that disputed remedial issue, excluding consid-
eration of the discovery rule and asking only whether a
plaintiff with a timely claim under the rule can get damages
going back more than three years.1
1
Disregarding the limit in the reformulated question, Warner Chappell's
briefng in this Court focuses almost entirely on the discovery rule itself.
Compare Brief for Petitioners 15 -- 41 and Reply Brief 1 -- 18 (disputing the
372 WARNER CHAPPELL MUSIC, INC. v. NEALY

Opinion of the Court

The text of the Copyright Act answers that question in
favor of copyright plaintiffs. The Act's statute of limitations
provides in full: "No civil action shall be maintained under
the provisions of this title unless it is commenced within
three years after the claim accrued." ; see supra, at
369. That provision establishes a three-year period for fl-
ing suit, beginning to run when a claim accrues -- here, we
assume, upon its discovery. And that clock is a singular one.
The "time-to-sue prescription," as we have called it, estab-
lishes no separate three-year period for recovering damages,
this one running from the date of infringement. Petrella,
572 U. S., at 686. If any time limit on damages exists, it
must come from the Act's remedial sections. But those pro-
visions likewise do not aid a long-ago infringer. They state
without qualifcation that an infringer is liable either for
statutory damages or for the owner's actual damages and the
infringer's profts. See -- (c). There is no time limit
on monetary recovery. So a copyright owner possessing a
Page Proof Pending Publication
timely claim for infringement is entitled to damages, no mat-
ter when the infringement occurred.
The Second Circuit's contrary view, on top of having no
textual support, is essentially self-defeating. With one
hand, that court recognizes a discovery rule, thus enabling
some copyright owners to sue for infringing acts occurring
more than three years earlier. And with the other hand,

discovery rule) with Brief for Petitioners 41 -- 44 and Reply Brief 19 -- 21
(assuming the discovery rule's existence). That choice is especially sur-
prising given that Warner Chappell's own petition for certiorari raised the
broader discovery-rule issue only in a footnote, which acknowledged that
the issue was not raised below and is not the subject of a Circuit split.
See Pet. for Cert. 14, n. But even supposing Warner Chappell's petition
had urged us to opine on the discovery rule, our reformulation of the
question presented should have put an end to such arguments. "The
Court decides which questions to consider through well-established proce-
dures; allowing the able counsel who argue before us to alter these ques-
tions or to devise additional questions at the last minute would thwart
this system." Taylor v. Freeland & Kronz, (1992).
 Cite as: (2024) 373

Opinion of the Court

the court takes away the value in what it has conferred, by
preventing the recovery of damages for those older infringe-
ments. As the court below noted, the three-year damages
bar thus "gut[s]" or "silently eliminate[s]" the discovery rule.
60 F. 4th, at 1333 -- 1334; see supra, at 371. Or said another
way, the damages bar makes the discovery rule functionally
equivalent to its opposite number -- an accrual rule based on
the timing of an infringement.2 As noted above, we do not
resolve today which of those two rules should govern a copy-
right claim's timeliness. See ibid. But we reject applying
a judicially invented damages limit to convert one of them
into the other.
And we have never before proposed that course. The
Second Circuit thought otherwise, relying on language in our
Petrella decision to support a three-year damages cap.
Sohm, 959 F. 3d, at 51 -- 52. There we noted, as the Second
Circuit emphasized, that the Copyright Act's statute of limi-
tations allows plaintiffs "to gain retrospective relief running
Page Proof Pending Publication
only three years back from" the fling of a suit. 572 U. S.,
at 672; see id., at 677. Taken out of context, that line might
seem to address the issue here. But in making that state-
ment, we merely described how the limitations provision
works when a plaintiff has no timely claims for infringing
acts more than three years old. That was the situation in
Petrella. Because the plaintiff had long known of the de-
fendant's infringing conduct, she could not avail herself of
the discovery rule. Rather, she sued only for infringements
that occurred in the three years before her suit. The de-
fendant argued that she could not recover for even that much
under the doctrine of laches, which protects against unrea-
sonable delay in fling suit. We rejected that doctrine's ap-

2
Scholars have speculated about "exceptional case[s]" in which a copy-
right plaintiff could get some beneft out of a discovery rule even when
combined with a three-year damages bar. 3 M. Nimmer & D. Nimmer,
Copyright.05[B][c][ii] (2023). Suffce to say that assuming those
cases exist at all, they are as rare as hen's teeth.
374 WARNER CHAPPELL MUSIC, INC. v. NEALY

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

plication, explaining that the Act's limitations provision al-
ready "takes account of delay" by -- here is the language
again -- allowing the plaintiff "to gain retrospective relief
running only three years back from" her suit's fling. Id., at
672, 677. But we did not go beyond the case's facts to say
that even if the limitations provision allows a claim for an
earlier infringement, the plaintiff may not obtain monetary
relief. To the contrary: The plaintiff in Petrella could get
damages "running only three years back" from fling because
she could sue for infringements occurring only within that
timeframe.
Nealy is in a different situation. He has invoked the dis-
covery rule to bring claims for infringing acts occurring
more than three years before he fled suit. And as we have
explained, we took this case on the assumption that such
claims may be timely under the Act's limitations provision.
See supra, at 371. If Nealy's claims are thus timely, he may
obtain damages for them. The Copyright Act contains no
Page Proof Pending Publication
separate time-based limit on monetary recovery.
Accordingly, we affrm the judgment below.
It is so ordered.

Justice Gorsuch, with whom Justice Thomas and Jus-
tice Alito join, dissenting.
The Court discusses how a discovery rule of accrual should
operate under the Copyright Act. But in doing so it side-
steps the logically antecedent question whether the Act has
room for such a rule. Rather than address that question,
the Court takes care to emphasize that its resolution must
await a future case. The trouble is, the Act almost certainly
does not tolerate a discovery rule. And that fact promises
soon enough to make anything we might say today about the
rule's operational details a dead letter.
"[O]rdinarily," this Court has said, a claim "accrues when
a plaintiff has a complete and present cause of action." Pet-
rella v. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc., (2014)
 Cite as: (2024) 375

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

(internal quotation marks and alteration omitted). "In
other words, the limitations period generally begins to run
at the point when the plaintiff can fle suit and obtain relief."
Ibid.. We call this the
"incident of injury rule." Ibid.,. And we interpret
statutes with that " `standard rule' " in mind. Rotkiske v.
Klemm, (2019).
What of the discovery rule? It "starts the limitations pe-
riod when the plaintiff discovers, or with due diligence
should have discovered, the injury that forms the basis for
the claim." Petrella, 572 U. S., at 670, (internal quo-
tation marks omitted). We have said, however, that the
rule is not "applicable across all contexts." TRW Inc. v.
Andrews, (2001). Far from it: Unless the
statute at hand directs otherwise, we proceed consistent
with traditional equitable practice and ordinarily apply the
discovery rule only "in cases of fraud or concealment."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Ibid. We have long warned lower courts, too, against tak-
ing any more "expansive approach to the discovery rule."
Rotkiske, 589 U. S., at 14; see TRW Inc., 534 U. S., at 27 -- 28.
There is little reason to suppose the Copyright Act's provi-
sions at issue in this case contemplate any departure from
the usual rules. Section 507(b) provides that "[n]o civil ac-
tion shall be maintained... unless it is commenced within
three years after the claim accrued." As the Court ob-
served in Petrella v. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc., standard
language like that calls for the application of the standard
incident of injury rule: "A copyright claim thus arises or `ac-
crue[s]' when an infringing act occurs," not at some later
date. 572 U. S., at 670. What this should mean for the case
before us seems equally evident: Because everyone agrees
Sherman Nealy fled suit more than three years after many
of Warner Chappell's alleged infringing acts, see ante, at 369,
some (if not all) of his claims are untimely. Everyone
agrees, too, that he has not alleged any fraud or concealment
that would entitle him to equitable tolling. See Brief for
376 WARNER CHAPPELL MUSIC, INC. v. NEALY

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Petitioners 39; Brief for Respondents 50 -- 51. The discovery
rule thus has no role to play here -- or, indeed, in the mine
run of copyright cases.
In one sense, the Court's decision to pass over this compli-
cation may be understandable. After all, none of the parties
before us questioned the application of a discovery rule in
proceedings below, but joined issue only over how it should
work. See ante, at 371,. And the Court may, as it does,
resolve the parties' dispute while leaving for another day the
antecedent question whether a discovery rule exists under
the Act. See ante, at 371.
But if that is a permissible course, it does not strike me as
the most sensible one. Nothing requires us to play along
with these particular parties and expound on the details of
a rule of law that they may assume but very likely does not
exist. Respectfully, rather than devote our time to this
case, I would have dismissed it as improvidently granted and
awaited another squarely presenting the question whether
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Copyright Act authorizes the discovery rule. Better, in
my view, to answer a question that does matter than one
that almost certainly does not.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 2
Pages 480 -- 490

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
May 16, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
480 OCTOBER TERM, 2023

Syllabus

HARROW v. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the federal circuit
No. 23 -- 21. Argued March 25, 2024 -- Decided May 16, 2024
When the Department of Defense furloughed petitioner Stuart Harrow for
six days, he challenged that decision before the Merit Systems Protec-
tion Board. After a fve-year delay, the Board ruled against him. Har-
row had the right to appeal that decision to the Court of Appeals for
the Federal Circuit, provided he did so "within 60 days" of the Board's
fnal order. 5 U. S. C. (1). But Harrow did not learn about the
Board's decision until the 60-day period to appeal had run, and fled his
appeal late. Given the circumstances, Harrow asked the Federal Cir-
cuit to overlook his untimeliness and equitably toll the fling deadline.
But the Circuit, believing that the deadline was an unalterable "jurisdic-
tional requirement," denied his request.
Held: Section 7703(b)(1)'s 60-day fling deadline is not jurisdictional. Al-
though the procedural rules that govern the litigation process are often
Page Proof Pending Publication
phrased in mandatory terms, they are generally subject to exceptions
like waiver, forfeiture, and equitable tolling. But when Congress
enacts a "jurisdictional" requirement, it "mark[s] the bounds" of a
court's power, and a litigant's failure to follow the rule "deprives a court
of all authority to hear a case," with no exceptions. Boechler v. Com-
missioner, ; United States v. Kwai Fun Wong,. Mindful of those repercussions, the Court will "treat a
procedural requirement as jurisdictional only if Congress `clearly states'
that it is." Boechler, 596 U. S., at 203. Under that approach, "most
time bars are nonjurisdictional," even when "framed in mandatory" and
"emphatic" terms. Kwai Fun Wong, 575 U. S., at 410 -- 411.
No language in the provision Harrow violated suggests a different
result. Section 7703(b)(1) states that an appeal "shall be fled within
60 days after the Board issues notice of the fnal order." Although the
deadline is stated in mandatory terms, this fact is "of no consequence"
to the jurisdictional issue. Id., at 411. "What matters instead" is
whether the time bar speaks to the court's jurisdiction. Ibid. And
(1) does not.
The Government rests its case on a different statute spelling out the
Federal Circuit's subject-matter jurisdiction, but that law provides it no
better support. In 28 U. S. C. (9), Congress granted the Circuit
jurisdiction "of an appeal from a fnal order or fnal decision of the Merit
 Cite as: (2024) 481

Syllabus

Systems Protection Board, pursuant to section 7703(b)(1)." The Gov-
ernment argues that an appeal is "pursuant to" (1) -- and so
within the Federal Circuit's jurisdiction -- only if it fully complies with
(1)'s requirements, including the time bar. But that interpre-
tation is more strained than clear. When a legal drafter writes that a
fling has been made "pursuant to" a statutory provision, the phrase
often functions as a synonym for "under," identifying the provision that
served as the basis for the fling but without addressing whether the
latter conformed to the former's every requirement. The Court has
recently used the phrase this way, as has Congress. See BP p.l.c. v.
Mayor and City Council of Baltimore,. So to fle an
appeal "pursuant to" (1) likely just means to invoke that section
as the basis for the appeal. At the very least, there is no clarity the
other way. And the rest of confrms that conclusion. The law
uses the phrase "pursuant to" to reference several other statutes, which
in turn contain a bevy of procedural rules. The Government's interpre-
tation would suggest that all those rules are jurisdictional too. But
the Court has almost never treated rules like these as absolute bars to
judicial action.
The Government cites one kind of time limit that counts as jurisdic-
tional even without a clear statement -- deadlines to appeal a district
Page Proof Pending Publication
court decision in a civil case. Bowles v. Russell,. But
this Bowles exception is for appeals from one Article III court to an-
other. As to all other time bars, like the agency appeal here, the clear-
statement rule applies. And for the reasons stated, the 60-day deadline
to appeal Board decisions does not satisfy it. Pp. 483 -- 490.
Vacated and remanded.

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.

Joshua P. Davis argued the cause for petitioner. With
him on the briefs were Scott Dodson, Mark D. Harris, and
John E. Roberts.
Aimee W. Brown argued the cause for respondent. On
the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal Deputy
Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor Gen-
eral Fletcher, Frederick Liu, and Galina I. Fomenkova.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the American
Federation of Government Employees by Andres M. Grajales and David
A. Borer; for the Federal Circuit Bar Association by John C. O'Quinn and
William H. Burgess; for Law Professors by Stanley C. Blackmon; for the
482 HARROW v. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
A federal employee subjected to an adverse personnel ac-
tion may complain to the Merit Systems Protection Board.
If the Board rules against him, he may appeal to the Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit "within 60 days." 5 U. S. C.
(1). The question presented is whether that 60-day
limit is "jurisdictional," and therefore precludes equitable
exceptions. We hold that the limit, like most fling dead-
lines, is not jurisdictional.
I
This case began in 2013, when Stuart Harrow, a longtime
employee of the Department of Defense, fled a claim with
the Merit Systems Protection Board objecting to a six-day
furlough. The Board is an independent agency established
to adjudicate federal employment disputes. It referred the
case, as is usual, to an administrative judge for an initial
decision. In 2016, the judge upheld the furlough, fnding it
Page Proof Pending Publication
"regrettable" but not "improper." No. 22 -- 2254 (CA Fed.),
ECF Doc. 6, p. 19. Harrow sought review of that conclusion
before the full Board, as the law allows. But in early 2017 -- 
with Harrow's action still pending -- the Board lost its quo-
rum, and so its ability to resolve cases. That state of affairs
lasted for over fve years. It was not until May 2022 that
the Board, with a quorum fnally restored, affrmed the ad-
ministrative judge's decision.
That long delay led Harrow to miss his next deadline.
Under 5 U. S. C. (1), Harrow was supposed to peti-
tion for review in the Federal Circuit "within 60 days" of the
Board's fnal order. See ibid. (stating that the petition
"shall be fled" within that time). But Harrow did not sub-
mit his petition until September 2022 -- more than 120 days
after the Board's order issued. In an associated fling, Har-

National Treasury Employees Union by Julie M. Wilson, Paras N. Shah,
and Allison C. Giles; and for the National Veterans Legal Services Pro-
gram by Benjamin C. Block.
 Cite as: (2024) 483

Opinion of the Court

row offered an excuse for his lateness. During his years-
long wait for the Board's decision, Harrow explained, his
work email address had changed -- and the old address at
some point stopped forwarding to the new one. See ECF
Doc. 8, at 7 -- 8. So when the Board sent notice of its order
to the email address it had on fle, Harrow never got the
message. He learned of the decision only from a search he
did of the Board's website, after the 60-day period had run.
Given the "extenuating circumstances," Harrow urged, the
Federal Circuit should overlook his petition's untimeliness.
Id., at 7.
The Court of Appeals declined Harrow's request for equi-
table consideration, believing it had an absolute obligation
to dismiss his appeal. The court reasoned that the 60-day
statutory deadline is a "jurisdictional requirement," and
therefore "not subject to equitable tolling." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 2a. "Harrow's situation" might be "sympathetic," the
court stated, but it was also irrelevant. Ibid. Given the
Page Proof Pending Publication
deadline's jurisdictional nature, the court lacked the capacity
to "excuse a failure to timely fle based on individual circum-
stances." Ibid.
We granted certiorari to decide whether, as the Federal
Circuit held, the 60-day deadline to appeal a Board decision
is jurisdictional. 601 U. S. -- -- -- (2023). We hold it is not.

II
The procedural requirements that Congress enacts to gov-
ern the litigation process are only occasionally as strict as
they seem. Most of those rules read as categorical com-
mands (e. g., a person "shall fle in this court," "shall fle by
that time," "shall include the following documents"). But
Congress legislates against the backdrop of judicial doctrines
creating exceptions, and typically expects those doctrines to
apply. See Minerva Surgical, Inc. v. Hologic, Inc., -- 572 (2021). So a court will not enforce a procedural
rule against a non-complying party if his opponent has for-
484 HARROW v. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

Opinion of the Court

feited or waived an objection. And more relevant here,
a court may be able to excuse the party's non-compliance
for equitable reasons. See infra, at 489. Except -- and this
"except" is important -- in a small set of cases, where the
procedural rule counts as "jurisdictional." When Congress
enacts a jurisdictional requirement, it "mark[s] the bounds"
of a court's power: A litigant's failure to follow the rule "de-
prives a court of all authority to hear a case." Boechler v.
Commissioner, (2022); United States v.
Kwai Fun Wong, (2015). So a court must
enforce the rule even if no party has raised it. And a court
must adhere to the rule "even if equitable considerations
would support" excusing its violation. Id., at 409.
Mindful of those repercussions, this Court will "treat a
procedural requirement as jurisdictional only if Congress
`clearly states' that it is." Boechler, 596 U. S., at 203 (quot-
ing Arbaugh v. Y & H Corp., (2006)). Con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
gress of course need not use "magic words" to convey that
such a requirement confnes a court's authority. 596 U. S.,
at 203. But our demand for a clear statement erects a "high
bar." Kwai Fun Wong, 575 U. S., at 409. For a procedural
rule to surmount it, "traditional tools of statutory construc-
tion must plainly show that Congress imbued [the rule] with
jurisdictional consequences." Id., at 410.
And under that approach, "most time bars are nonjurisdic-
tional." Ibid.; see Sebelius v. Auburn Regional Medical
Center, -- 155 (2013). That is
true whether or not the bar is "framed in mandatory terms."
Kwai Fun Wong, 575 U. S., at 410. Consider a provision
closely resembling the one here: A veteran denied benefts
by an agency "shall fle a notice of appeal with the Court [of
Appeals for Veterans Claims] within 120 days." 38 U. S. C.. We viewed the provision as a run-of-the-mill "fl-
ing deadline," seeking "to promote the orderly progress of
litigation" rather than to demarcate a court's power. Hen-
derson v. Shinseki, (2011). The time bar,
 Cite as: (2024) 485

Opinion of the Court

we explained, "does not speak in jurisdictional terms or refer
in any way to the jurisdiction of the Veterans Court." Id.,
at 438 (alterations omitted). And we made the same point
when discussing a statute of limitations whose phrasing was
even more "emphatic." Kwai Fun Wong, 575 U. S., at 411.
A "tort claim against the United States shall be forever
barred," that provision pronounced, unless presented "within
two years." 28 U. S. C.. Once again, we saw no
sign that Congress meant to give the time bar jurisdictional
consequence. The provision, we reasoned, "does not defne
a federal court's jurisdiction over tort claims generally, ad-
dress its authority to hear untimely suits, or in any way
cabin its usual equitable powers." Kwai Fun Wong, 575
U. S., at 411. The time limit was "just [a] time limit, noth-
ing more." Id., at 412.
No language in the time-bar provision Harrow violated
suggests a different result. Section 7703(b)(1) states, as rel-
evant here:
Page Proof Pending Publication
"[A] petition to review a fnal order or fnal decision of
the Board shall be fled in the United States Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Notwithstanding any
other provision of law, any petition for review shall be
fled within 60 days after the Board issues notice of the
fnal order or decision of the Board."

The provision thus describes how a litigant can obtain judi-
cial review of the Board's fnal orders. It directs those
appeals -- including Harrow's -- to the Federal Circuit. And
it sets a deadline: 60 days from when the Board's order is-
sues. That deadline is stated in mandatory terms -- "shall
be fled." But as we have repeatedly held, that fact is "of
no consequence" to the jurisdictional issue. Kwai Fun
Wong, 575 U. S., at 411; see Henderson, 562 U. S., at 439.
"What matters instead" is whether a time bar speaks to a
court's authority to hear a case. Kwai Fun Wong, 575 U. S.,
at 411. And nothing in (1) does: There is no men-
486 HARROW v. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

Opinion of the Court

tion of the Federal Circuit's jurisdiction, whether generally
or over untimely claims. So (1), on its own, does
not deprive the Federal Circuit of power to hear Harrow's
appeal. Not even the Government, which defends the view
that the 60-day limit is jurisdictional, argues otherwise.
The Government instead rests its case on part of a differ-
ent statute -- 28 U. S. C., which spells out the Federal
Circuit's subject-matter jurisdiction. That law lists 14 cate-
gories of cases the court has power to decide. The one rele-
vant here is the ninth. Section 1295(a)(9) grants the Federal
Circuit jurisdiction "of an appeal from a fnal order or fnal
decision of the Merit Systems Protection Board, pursuant to
section 7703(b)(1)." In the Government's view, the term
"pursuant to" means -- indeed, can only mean -- in "conform-
ance to" or "compliance with." Brief for United States 11;
see id., at 38. So (the Government argues) only appeals
fully complying with (1) -- including its 60-day dead-
Page Proof Pending Publication
line -- fall within the Federal Circuit's jurisdiction. In that
way, the time limit becomes a "jurisdictional prerequisite."
Id., at 11.
But the Government's reading of (9) is more
strained than clear. "Pursuant to" is one of those little
phrases that can mean a raft of things. See B. Garner, Dic-
tionary of Legal Usage 737 (3d ed. 2011) ("Because the
phrase means so many things, it is rarely -- if ever -- useful").
Maybe sometimes, as the Government urges, it conveys that
one thing is in strict compliance with another. But that is
not the only -- or even the most common -- meaning when a
legal drafter writes that some fling has been made "pursu-
ant to" a statutory provision. Then the phrase often func-
tions as a legalese synonym for "under." See ibid. It iden-
tifes the provision that served as the basis for the fling,
but without addressing whether the latter conformed to the
former's every requirement. Consider two of our own opin-
ions. In one, we stated that a law gave whistleblower pro-
tection to employees of companies that "fle [certain state-
 Cite as: (2024) 487

Opinion of the Court

ments] pursuant to," even as we observed that the
employees might be "reporting violations" of that section's
commands. Lawson v. FMR LLC, (2014).
And similarly in another, we noted that a person had "fled
a petition for a writ of habeas corpus in [district court] pursu-
ant to" 28 U. S. C., only to hold three paragraphs later
that he actually "could not satisfy" one of 's require-
ments. Alaska v. Wright, -- 154 (2021)
(per curiam). In like manner, we today could say that Har-
row fled his appeal "pursuant to" (1) even though
he failed to satisfy that section's time bar.
And more to the point, we think Congress would agree
with that usage. Consider a different law it drafted about
appellate review, which this Court recently examined. See
BP p.l.c. v. Mayor and City Council of Baltimore, -- 239 (2021). The provision is part of the statutory
scheme for removing cases from state to federal court.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Under that scheme, a defendant may remove a case by invok-
ing any of several statutory grounds; but the federal court
must remand the case to state court if it fnds that the
ground does not apply. See 28 U. S. C. -- 1444, 1446(a),
1447(c). For the most part, a remand order is not appeal-
able. But that rule has an exception: An appeal is allowed
when the federal court remands a case that was previously
"removed pursuant to section 1442 or 1443" (which state two
specifc grounds for removal).. What does that
"pursuant to" mean? It cannot mean that a party may ap-
peal only when his removal actually conformed to or
(as the Government's argument here would imply).
Whether the removal did so is the very question the appeal
will decide. Instead, as we explained in BP p.l.c., to remove
a case "pursuant to" or "just means" that the
defendant must have "assert[ed] the case is removable"
under one of those provisions. 593 U. S., at 238. In similar
vein, to fle an appeal from a Board's order "pursuant to"
(1) likely just means to invoke that section as the
488 HARROW v. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

Opinion of the Court

basis for the appeal, rather than to comply with its associated
time limit. At the least, there is no clarity the other way.
Section 1295(a)(9)'s use of the words "pursuant to" does not
"plainly show" that (1)'s deadline has "jurisdictional
consequences." Kwai Fun Wong, 575 U. S., at 410.
The rest of confrms that conclusion. In listing the
cases over which the Federal Circuit has jurisdiction, that
provision uses the term "pursuant to" several more times.
In particular, the Circuit can hear appeals from an agency
decision "pursuant to" a statute about public contracts, and
from a district court decision made "pursuant to" certain pat-
ent statutes. (4)(C), (10). The referenced laws in
turn contain a bevy of procedural rules -- not only setting
deadlines (as in (1)), but also requiring service and
other forms of notifcation, mandating prior government au-
thorization of certain matters, and even compelling the pay-
ment of expenses. See 35 U. S. C., 146; 41 U. S. C.
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1)(B). Assuming the phrase "pursuant to" has the
same meaning throughout -- and why should it not? -- 
all those requirements, too, would become jurisdictional.
That result is untenable. We have almost never treated the
sort of routine rules swept up in the Government's "pursuant
to" reading as absolute bars to judicial action, neither subject
to forfeiture nor excusable for equitable reasons. See
supra, at 483 -- 484. So the wider implications of the Govern-
ment's argument serve to defeat it (were any doubt left).
The jumble of procedural rules to which points cannot
turn on and off the Federal Circuit's power.
The Government identifes one kind of time limit that
counts as jurisdictional, but we have already made plain its
exceptional nature. As the Government notes, the Court
held in Bowles v. Russell, (2007), that the dead-
line for fling an appeal from a district court's decision in a
civil case is jurisdictional, even though the statute setting
that limit does not say as much. See Brief for United States
24. In that decision, we reaffrmed a line of precedents pre-
 Cite as: (2024) 489

Opinion of the Court

dating our current approach to such matters. See 551 U. S.,
at 209 -- 210, and. But we have since taken care to
delineate both where Bowles applies and where it does not.
Bowles governs statutory deadlines to appeal "from one Ar-
ticle III court to another." Hamer v. Neighborhood Hous-
ing Servs. of Chicago, (2017). As to all other
time bars, we now demand a "clear statement." Id., at 25,. This case falls outside the Bowles exception because
Harrow appealed to the Federal Circuit not from another
court but from an agency. And as we have shown, the time
limit Harrow missed when he fled that appeal does not sat-
isfy our clear-statement test. See supra, at 485 -- 488.*
Having thus held that (1)'s deadline is non-
jurisdictional, we encounter a newly raised back-up argu-
ment. Even if non-jurisdictional, the Government urges,
the 60-day limit "would still not be subject to equitable toll-
ing." Brief for United States 42. In making that claim, the
Government must contend with another high bar. "Because
Page Proof Pending Publication
we do not understand Congress to alter" age-old procedural
doctrines lightly, "nonjurisdictional [timing rules] are pre-
sumptively subject to equitable tolling." Boechler, 596
U. S., at 209; see supra, at 483 -- 484. The Government says it
can rebut that presumption, but we are not the right court to
*The Government also invokes Lindahl v. Offce of Personnel Manage-
ment, (1985), in support of its position, but that decision helps
it no more than Bowles. In Lindahl, the Court held that the Federal
Circuit has jurisdiction over Board decisions denying disability retirement
claims. See 470 U. S., at 799. In doing so, we referred to not only 
but also (1) as "jurisdictional." Id., at 792 -- 793. But that is just
one more example (our recent decisions have offered many) of how this
Court used to apply the term "jurisdiction" in a "profigate" manner, fail-
ing to distinguish between statutes spelling out a court's power and those
specifying what steps litigants should take. Arbaugh v. Y & H Corp., (2006); see Kontrick v. Ryan, -- 455 (2004).
And in any event, Lindahl concerned only the scope of claims that may be
brought to the Federal Circuit; it had nothing to do with time limits -- 
which, we repeat, are generally non-jurisdictional. See United States v.
Kwai Fun Wong, (2015); supra, at 484 -- 485.
490 HARROW v. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

Opinion of the Court

now determine whether that is so. The Government did not
broach the issue below; the Federal Circuit did not address
it; and it is not included in the question presented. We
therefore leave the matter (including any waiver issues in-
volved) to the Federal Circuit on remand. And if that court
fnds equitable tolling available, it should decide whether, on
the facts here, Harrow is entitled to that relief.
For the reasons stated, we vacate the judgment of the
Court of Appeals and remand the case for further proceed-
ings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 480, line 19: "; United States v. Kwai Fun Wong,." is
inserted after "203"
p. 480, line 21: "Ibid." is replaced with "Boechler, 596 U. S., at 203."

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 602 U. S. Part 1
Pages 556 -- 571

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 20, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
556 OCTOBER TERM, 2023

Syllabus

CHIAVERINI et al. v. CITY OF NAPOLEON, OHIO,
et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the sixth circuit
No. 23 -- 50. Argued April 15, 2024 -- Decided June 20, 2024
This case involves a dispute between petitioner Jascha Chiaverini and po-
lice offcers from Napoleon, Ohio. The offcers charged Chiaverini, a
jewelry store owner, with three crimes: receiving stolen property, a mis-
demeanor; dealing in precious metals without a license, also a misde-
meanor; and money laundering, a felony. After obtaining a warrant,
the police arrested Chiaverini and detained him for three days. But
county prosecutors later dropped the case. Chiaverini, believing that
his arrest and detention were unjustifed, then sued the offcers, alleging
what is known as a Fourth Amendment malicious-prosecution claim
under 42 U. S. C.. To prevail on this claim, he had to show that
the offcers brought criminal charges against him without probable
cause, leading to an unreasonable seizure of his person. The District
Page Proof Pending Publication
Court, however, granted summary judgment to the offcers, and the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit affrmed. The Court of Appeals
held that Chiaverini's prosecution was supported by probable cause. In
holding this, the court did not address whether the offcers had prob-
able cause to bring the money-laundering charge. In its view, there
was clearly probable cause to charge Chiaverini with the two misde-
meanors. And so long as one charge was supported by probable cause,
it thought, a malicious-prosecution claim based on any other charge
must fail.
Held: The presence of probable cause for one charge in a criminal pro-
ceeding does not categorically defeat a Fourth Amendment malicious-
prosecution claim relating to another, baseless charge. The parties, and
the United States as amicus curiae, all agree with this conclusion,
which follows from both the Fourth Amendment and traditional
common-law practice.
Under the Fourth Amendment, a pretrial detention counts as an un-
reasonable seizure, and so is illegal, unless it is based on probable cause.
See Manuel v. Joliet, -- 369. Even when a detention
is justifed at the outset, moreover, it may become unreasonably pro-
longed if the reason for it lapses. Rodriguez v. United States, -- 357. So if an invalid charge causes a detention to start or
continue, then the Fourth Amendment is violated. Bringing the invalid
charge alongside a valid one does not categorically preclude this possi-
 Cite as: (2024) 557

Syllabus

bility. As the starkest possible example, consider a person detained on
a drug offense supported by probable cause and a gun offense that is
not. If the prosecutor drops the (valid) drug charge, leaving the person
in jail on the (invalid) gun charge alone, then the baseless charge has
caused a constitutional violation by unreasonably extending the deten-
tion. The person should not be categorically barred from bringing a
Fourth Amendment malicious-prosecution claim just because the base-
less charge was brought along with a good one.
The same conclusion follows from the common-law principles govern-
ing malicious-prosecution suits. This Court has analogized claims like
Chiaverini's to the common-law tort of malicious prosecution, and has
explained that the tort can inform courts' understanding of this type of
claim. Thompson v. Clark, -- 44. A plaintiff bringing a
common-law malicious-prosecution suit had to show that an offcial initi-
ated a charge without probable cause. But he did not have to show
that every charge brought against him lacked an adequate basis. See,
e. g., Barron v. Mason, 31 Vt. 189, 198 (it was no "defen[s]e that there
was probable cause for part of the prosecution").
These uncontested points suffce to doom the Sixth Circuit's categori-
cal rule barring a Fourth Amendment malicious-prosecution claim if any

Page Proof Pending Publication
charge is valid. Of course, a Fourth Amendment malicious-prosecution
suit depends not just on an unsupported charge, but on that charge's
causing a seizure -- like the arrest and three-day detention here. The
parties and amicus curiae offer three different views of how that causa-
tion element is met when a valid charge is also in the picture. But this
issue is not properly before the Court, so the Sixth Circuit should ad-
dress it on remand. Pp. 561 -- 565.
Vacated and remanded.

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Sotomayor, Kavanaugh, Barrett, and Jackson, JJ., joined.
Thomas, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Alito, J., joined, post,
p. 565. Gorsuch, J., fled a dissenting opinion, post, p. 569.

Easha Anand argued the cause for petitioners. With her
on the briefs were Jeffrey L. Fisher, Pamela S. Karlan, Mi-
chael H. Stahl, and George C. Rogers.
Vivek Suri argued the cause for the United States as ami-
cus curiae urging vacatur and remand. With him on the
brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Assistant Attorney
General Clarke, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney Gen-
558 CHIAVERINI v. CITY OF NAPOLEON

Opinion of the Court

eral Boynton, Deputy Solicitor General Gannon, Mark B.
Stern, Erin H. Flynn, and Brant S. Levine.
Megan M. Wold argued the cause for respondents. With
her on the brief were Teresa L. Grigsby and Jennifer A.
McHugh.*

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case involves what is often called a Fourth Amend-
ment malicious-prosecution claim under 42 U. S. C..
To succeed on such a claim, a plaintiff must show that a gov-
ernment offcial charged him without probable cause, leading
to an unreasonable seizure of his person. See Thompson v.
Clark, and (2022). The question pre-
sented here arises when the offcial brings multiple charges,
only one of which lacks probable cause. Do the valid
charges insulate the offcial from a Fourth Amendment
malicious-prosecution claim relating to the invalid charge?
Page Proof Pending Publication
*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Cato Institute
by Steve Art and David B. Owens; for the Constitutional Accountability
Center by Elizabeth B. Wydra, Brianne J. Gorod, and Brian R. Frazelle;
for the Institute for Justice by Marie Miller, Anya Bidwell, and Patrick
Jaicomo; for the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers by
Zachary D. Tripp, Joshua M. Wesneski, and Jeffrey T. Green; and for the
National Police Accountability Project by Charles A. Rothfeld and Eugene
R. Fidell.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of Iowa
et al. by Brenna Bird, Attorney General of Iowa, Eric Wessan, Solicitor
General, Patrick C. Valencia, Deputy Solicitor General, and Alexa Den
Herder, Assistant Solicitor General, and by the Attorneys General for
their respective States as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Tim Griffn
of Arkansas, Ashley Moody of Florida, Christopher M. Carr of Georgia,
Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, Todd Rokita of Indiana, Kris Kobach of Kan-
sas, Russell Coleman of Kentucky, Elizabeth B. Murrill of Louisiana,
Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Dave Yost
of Ohio, Gentner Drummond of Oklahoma, Alan Wilson of South Caro-
lina, Marty J. Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee,
Ken Paxton of Texas, and Sean D. Reyes of Utah; and for the Local Gov-
ernment Legal Center et al. by Gregory G. Garre.
 Cite as: (2024) 559

Opinion of the Court

The answer is no: The valid charges do not create a categori-
cal bar. We leave for another day the follow-on question of
how to determine in those circumstances whether the base-
less charge caused the requisite seizure.

I
This dispute began with a set of peculiar interactions be-
tween a jewelry store owner and police offcers in Napoleon,
Ohio. See generally App. to Pet. for Cert. 2a -- 7a. The jew-
eler, Jascha Chiaverini, bought a ring for $45 from a (petty)
jewel thief. The ring's rightful owners found out about the
sale, and asked Chiaverini to return their property. Chiav-
erini said no, so the owners contacted the police. Two off-
cers, on a later visit to the store, directed Chiaverini to sur-
render the ring to its owners. But Chiaverini refused their
request too, saying that it contradicted a letter he had just
received from the police department telling him to retain the
Page Proof Pending Publication
ring as evidence. And when repeating his refusal to another
offcer the next day, Chiaverini suggested (for reasons un-
clear) that he was operating his store without a license. The
result of that (shall we say, unproftable) exchange was that
the police turned their attention from the original theft to
Chiaverini's business.
Soon afterward, the offcers launched a criminal proceed-
ing against Chiaverini in municipal court. They fled three
complaints, each charging him with a separate offense. Two
were misdemeanors: receiving stolen property and dealing
in precious metals without a license. The third was a felony:
money laundering. To support their accompanying applica-
tion for an arrest warrant, the offcers submitted an affdavit
making the case for probable cause on all three charges, but
focusing on the felony. See App. 16 -- 17. For that charge to
succeed, Chiaverini must have known when he bought the
ring that the transaction involved the proceeds of unlawful
activity. See Ohio Rev. Code Ann..55(A)(1) (Lexis
2018). In support of that element, the offcers averred that
560 CHIAVERINI v. CITY OF NAPOLEON

Opinion of the Court

Chiaverini always suspected the ring was stolen. The judge
issued the requested warrant, and the offcers arrested Chi-
averini. He remained in custody for three days, until his
arraignment. At a later preliminary hearing, the judge
heard testimony about the evidence supporting the offcers'
probable-cause allegations. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 6a -- 
7a. The offcers maintained that Chiaverini had admitted in
their interview to suspecting the ring was stolen; Chiaverini
denied making any such statement. At the hearing's conclu-
sion, the judge again found probable cause, and set the three
charges for trial.
The county prosecutors, though, decided that they had
higher priorities. They failed to present the case to a grand
jury in the required time. The court therefore dismissed
the charges.
But Chiaverini decided not to let matters lie. After all,
he had been arrested and held for three days, he thought
Page Proof Pending Publication
unjustifably. So he sued the offcers under, alleging
what is known as a Fourth Amendment claim for malicious
prosecution. To prevail on that claim, he had to show
(among other things) that the offcers brought criminal
charges against him without probable cause. See Thomp-
son, 596 U. S., at 43 -- 44. In addressing that issue, he gave
special attention to the felony charge for money laundering.
According to Chiaverini, the offcers lacked probable cause
for that charge for two reasons. First, they had no reason
to think he knew the ring was stolen; indeed, he said, their
claim that he had admitted as much was an out-and-out lie.
And second, they could not show -- as, in his view, Ohio law
required -- that the ring was worth more than $1,000; its
value was far less, more in line with its $45 purchase price.
So Chiaverini concluded that his suit satisfed the "without
probable cause" element of a Fourth Amendment malicious-
prosecution claim.
After the District Court granted summary judgment to
the offcers, the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit af-
 Cite as: (2024) 561

Opinion of the Court

frmed. It did so without addressing either of Chiaverini's
arguments about the felony charge's basis. In the Sixth Cir-
cuit's view, there was clearly probable cause to support the
two misdemeanor charges the offcers had fled. See App.
to Pet. for Cert. 11a -- 16a. And because that was true, the
court thought, the validity of the felony charge did not mat-
ter. "So long as probable cause supports at least one charge
against Chiaverini (like his receipt-of-stolen-property viola-
tion)," then his malicious-prosecution claim "based on other
charges (like his money-laundering charge) also fail[s]." Id.,
at 10a. Or said another way, a single valid charge in a pro-
ceeding would insulate offcers from a Fourth Amendment
malicious-prosecution claim relating to any other charges, no
matter how baseless.
In taking that position, the Sixth Circuit stepped out on
its own. Three other Courts of Appeals have held that the
presence of probable cause for one charge does not automati-
cally defeat a Fourth Amendment malicious-prosecution
Page Proof Pending Publication
claim alleging the absence of probable cause for another
charge. See Williams v. Aguirre, 965 F. 3d 1147, 1159 -- 1162
(CA11 2020); Johnson v. Knorr, 477 F. 3d 75, 83 -- 85 (CA3
2007); Posr v. Doherty, 944 F. 2d 91, 100 (CA2 1991).
We granted certiorari to resolve that circuit split, 601
U. S. -- -- -- (2023), and we now vacate the decision below.

II
Section 1983 enables an individual to recover damages
from a state or local offcial for the deprivation of a constitu-
tional right. Such a suit is of course premised on a constitu-
tional violation. But its elements and rules may also be
shaped by common-law tort principles, against whose back-
drop was enacted. See Manuel v. Joliet, (2017). To determine the precise contours of a con-
stitutional claim under, we have held, a court should
identify the "most analogous" common-law tort to the consti-
tutional harm alleged. Ibid. And the court should incorpo-
562 CHIAVERINI v. CITY OF NAPOLEON

Opinion of the Court

rate that tort's requirements to the extent consistent with
"the values and purposes of the constitutional right at issue."
Ibid.; Thompson, 596 U. S., at 43.
The claim Chiaverini brought -- a Fourth Amendment
malicious-prosecution claim -- emerged from that method.
The constitutional violation alleged in such a suit is a type
of unreasonable seizure -- an arrest and detention of a person
based on a criminal charge lacking probable cause. In
Thompson v. Clark, we analogized a suit alleging that
Fourth Amendment wrong to the common-law tort of mali-
cious prosecution. See id., at 43 -- 44. The "gravamen" of
both, we reasoned, is "the wrongful initiation of charges
without probable cause" (though in the Fourth Amendment
context, those charges must cause a seizure as well). Id.,
at 43, and. Because of that similarity, the malicious-
prosecution tort can inform a court's understanding of the
kind of claim Chiaverini has brought.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The question here is whether a Fourth Amendment
malicious-prosecution claim may succeed when a baseless
charge is accompanied by a valid charge. The Court of Ap-
peals, as described above, answered that question with a cat-
egorical no: Even if the felony count lacked probable cause,
the Sixth Circuit held, Chiaverini could not recover because
the misdemeanor counts were adequately supported. See
supra, at 560 -- 561. But a funny thing happened on the way
to this Court. The offcers now agree with Chiaverini that
there is no such fat bar. See Brief for Offcers 24 -- 27; Brief
for Chiaverini 2 -- 3. And the United States as amicus cu-
riae also argues that the Sixth Circuit rule is wrong. See
Brief for United States 10. We agree with them all. Con-
sistent with both the Fourth Amendment and traditional
common-law practice, courts should evaluate suits like Chi-
averini's charge by charge.
Consider frst how that result follows from established
Fourth Amendment law. Under that Amendment, a pretrial
detention (like the one Chiaverini suffered) must be based
 Cite as: (2024) 563

Opinion of the Court

on probable cause. See Manuel, 580 U. S., at 364 -- 369.
Otherwise, such a detention counts as an unreasonable sei-
zure. And even when a detention is justifed at the outset,
it may become unreasonably prolonged if the reason for it
lapses. See Rodriguez v. United States, -- 
357 (2015). So if an invalid charge -- say, one fabricated by
police offcers -- causes a detention either to start or to con-
tinue, then the Fourth Amendment is violated. And that is
so even when a valid charge has also been brought (although,
as soon noted, that charge may well complicate the causation
issue, see infra, at 564 -- 565). Take the starkest possible ex-
ample. A person is detained on two charges -- a drug offense
supported by probable cause and a gun offense built on lies.
The prosecutor, for whatever reason, drops the (valid) drug
charge, leaving the person in jail on the (invalid) gun charge
alone. The inclusion of the baseless charge -- though
brought along with a good charge -- has thus caused a consti-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tutional violation, by unreasonably extending the pretrial
detention. Even the Napoleon offcers agree, offering a sim-
ilar example. See Brief for Offcers 25; see also Brief for
United States 17 -- 18. So the bringing of one valid charge in
a criminal proceeding should not categorically preclude a
claim based on the Fourth Amendment.
And the same conclusion follows from the common-law
principles governing malicious-prosecution suits when 
was enacted. As noted above, a plaintiff in such a suit had
to show that an offcial initiated a charge without probable
cause. See Thompson, 596 U. S., at 44; supra, at 562. He
did not have to show, however, that every charge brought
against him lacked an adequate basis. Rather, courts in
that era assessed probable cause charge by charge. "[I]f
groundless charges" are "coupled with others which are well
founded," explained one State Supreme Court, the ground-
less ones could still "constitute a valid cause of action."
Boogher v. Bryant, 86 Mo. 42, 49 (1885). Another agreed: It
was no "defen[s]e that there was probable cause for part of
564 CHIAVERINI v. CITY OF NAPOLEON

Opinion of the Court

the prosecution." Barron v. Mason, 31 Vt. 189, 198 (1858).
Or as a leading treatise from the era summarized the rule:
"It is not necessary that the whole proceedings be utterly
groundless." 2 S. Greenleaf, Law of Evidence 400 (10th ed.
1868); see 1 F. Hilliard, Law of Torts or Private Wrongs, p. 435, n. (b) (4th ed. 1874). One bad charge, even if
joined with good ones, was enough to satisfy the malicious-
prosecution tort's "without probable cause" element.
All that dooms the Sixth Circuit's categorical rule barring
a Fourth Amendment malicious-prosecution claim if any
charge is valid. That rule receives support from neither
half of the claim's name -- neither from the Fourth Amend-
ment nor from the malicious-prosecution tort we have in-
voked as an analogy. And the question is not close, as
shown by the parties' decision not to contest it in this Court.
The parties, almost needless to say, have found a sub-
stitute ground of disagreement, involving the element of cau-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sation. As noted earlier, a Fourth Amendment malicious-
prosecution suit depends not just on an unsupported charge,
but on that charge's causing a seizure -- like the arrest and
three-day detention here. See supra, at 562. The parties
and amicus curiae offer three different views of how that
causation element is met when a valid charge is also in the
picture. Chiaverini's test is the easiest to satisfy. On his
view, when both valid and invalid charges are brought before
a judge for a probable cause determination, the warrant the
judge issues is irretrievably tainted; so any detention de-
pending on that warrant is the result of the invalid charge.
See Reply Brief 10 -- 11 ;
Tr. of Oral Arg. 5 -- 6, 26 -- 28. The United States disagrees,
arguing for the use of a but-for test to discover whether the
invalid charge, apart from the valid ones, caused a detention.
See id., at 41 -- 43. The question then would be whether the
judge "in fact [would] have authorized" the detention had
the invalid charge not been present. Id., at 43. And fnally,
the offcers urge a still stricter test. In their view, the ques-
 Cite as: (2024) 565

Thomas, J., dissenting

tion is whether the judge, absent the invalid charge, could
have legally authorized the detention -- regardless of what he
really would have done. See Brief for Offcers 20 -- 21.
But that new dispute is not now ft for our resolution.
The test for fnding causation is no part of the question we
agreed to review. For that reason, it was not fully briefed.
And most important, the court below did not address the
matter, nor have many others. "[W]e are a court of review,
not of frst view." Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005). So we leave the causation question in the hands
of the Sixth Circuit, as it further considers Chiaverini's
Fourth Amendment malicious-prosecution claim.
We accordingly vacate the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals and remand the case for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Alito joins,
Page
dissenting. Proof Pending Publication
Jascha Chiaverini sued several city offcials for damages
under 42 U. S. C.. He alleged that they violated his
Fourth Amendment rights by subjecting him to a mali-
cious prosecution. I continue to adhere to my belief that a
"malicious prosecution claim cannot be based on the Fourth
Amendment." Manuel v. Joliet, (2017)
(Alito, J., joined by Thomas, J., dissenting). Accordingly, I
would affrm the dismissal of Chiaverini's claim.
To raise a successful claim under, a plaintiff must
allege the deprivation of "rights, privileges, or immunities
secured" to him by the Constitution. 42 U. S. C..
"In order to fesh out the elements of th[e alleged] constitu-
tional tort," the Court generally analogizes to common-law
torts. Manuel, 580 U. S., at 378 (opinion of Alito, J.); see
also Heck v. Humphrey, -- 484 (1994). In
this case, Chiaverini claims that he was seized without prob-
able cause in violation of the Fourth Amendment. Chiaver-
566 CHIAVERINI v. CITY OF NAPOLEON

Thomas, J., dissenting

ini principally relies on this Court's decision in Thompson v.
Clark, (2022), to argue that the appropriate tort
analog for this claim is malicious prosecution. In Thomp-
son, the Court held that malicious prosecution, a tort ad-
dressing "the wrongful initiation of charges without proba-
ble cause," is most analogous to a Fourth Amendment
unreasonable-seizure claim. Id., at 43.
Thompson was wrongly decided. A malicious-prosecution
claim bears little resemblance to an unreasonable seizure
under the Fourth Amendment. Consider what is required
to establish a claim of malicious prosecution. A plaintiff
must show that "(i) the suit or proceeding was `instituted
without any probable cause'; (ii) the `motive in instituting'
the suit `was malicious,'... ; and (iii) the prosecution `termi-
nated in the acquittal or discharge of the accused.' " Id.,
at 44 ). These
elements have no overlap with what is required to establish
Page Proof Pending Publication
a Fourth Amendment seizure violation.
First, an unreasonable seizure can occur without any
prosecution -- for instance, if a person "is arrested without
probable cause" and "released before any charges are fled."
596 U. S., at 51 -- 52 (Alito, J., dissenting). Second, an unrea-
sonable seizure does not depend on the seizing offcial's mo-
tives. "[W]hile subjective bad faith, i.e., malice, is the core
element of a malicious prosecution claim, it is frmly estab-
lished that the Fourth Amendment standard of reasonable-
ness is fundamentally objective." Manuel, 580 U. S., at 379
(opinion of Alito, J.). Thus, "[i]f a law enforcement offcer
makes an arrest without probable cause, the arrest is unrea-
sonable and therefore unconstitutional even if the offcer har-
bors no ill will for the arrestee. Likewise, if an offcer
makes an arrest with probable cause, there is no Fourth
Amendment violation regardless of the `actual motivations
of the individual offcers involved.' " Thompson, 596 U. S.,
at 52 (opinion of Alito, J.) ). Third, an unreasonable seizure
 Cite as: (2024) 567

Thomas, J., dissenting

violates the Constitution regardless of how any subsequent
prosecution is resolved. See Manuel, 580 U. S., at 379 (opin-
ion of Alito, J.).
Nor is an unreasonable seizure necessary to prove a
malicious-prosecution claim. A malicious prosecution can
occur without any seizure at all. For example, "[t]here are
cases in which defendants charged with nonviolent crimes
agree to appear for arraignment and are then released pend-
ing trial on their own recognizance. These defendants...
may bring a common-law suit for malicious prosecution...,
but they are not seized." Thompson, 596 U. S., at 52 -- 53.
And, "since a malicious-prosecution claim does not require a
seizure, it obviously does not require proof that the per-
son bringing suit was seized without probable cause." Id.,
at 53.
Malicious prosecution is therefore not an appropriate tort
analog for a claim alleging a seizure in violation of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Fourth Amendment. The Court has never provided a
fulsome explanation for why it has concluded otherwise.
When the Court frst recognized a malicious-prosecution
claim under the Fourth Amendment in Thompson, it essen-
tially adopted the holdings of certain lower courts. Id., at
43. The Court offered two meager sentences to justify
doing so. It reasoned that "the gravamen of the Fourth
Amendment claim for malicious prosecution... is the wrong-
ful initiation of charges without probable cause. And the
wrongful initiation of charges without probable cause is like-
wise the gravamen of the tort of malicious prosecution."
Ibid. That is incorrect. A malicious-prosecution claim pro-
tects against the malicious initiation of charges, but the
Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches
and seizures -- it does not matter whether the offcial acted
with malice or charges are ever initiated. See id., at 54 -- 
55 (opinion of Alito, J.). Today, the Court rests solely on
Thompson's mistaken reasoning to conclude that Chiaverini
can raise his claim. See ante, at 562.
568 CHIAVERINI v. CITY OF NAPOLEON

Thomas, J., dissenting

The Court's decision to forge ahead with combining the
malicious-prosecution and Fourth Amendment frameworks
will inevitably create confusion. As I have explained, an un-
reasonable seizure under the Fourth Amendment requires a
seizure; a malicious-prosecution claim does not. Supra, at
566. To resolve this mismatch, the Court has decided that
a plaintiff must show that a malicious prosecution caused an
unreasonable seizure. See Thompson, 596 U. S., at 43, ;
ante, at 558, 564. While that grafting solved one problem,
it created several more. Because the Court has mixed two
distinct legal frameworks, it is unclear what doctrines actu-
ally govern its requirement that a malicious prosecution
cause a seizure. For example, if a plaintiff has multiple
charges, how does a court determine whether a particular
unfounded charge caused the seizure? See ante, at 564 -- 565
(listing three possible causation theories). What type of ev-
idence is relevant? See Brief for Petitioners 40 (arguing
Page Proof Pending Publication
that Chiaverini would not have been seized absent the un-
founded charge since a similar defendant with a credible
charge was not seized). And, what happens if an unfounded
charge merely changes the nature of the seizure? See Brief
for United States as Amicus Curiae 18 (arguing that an un-
founded charge causes a seizure if it results in a more force-
ful arrest). The Court's claim for malicious prosecution
under the Fourth Amendment requires resolving these ques-
tions and more. To date, the Court has offered little guid-
ance on how to do so.* And, because the claim at issue is
the Court's own creation, lower courts cannot turn to the

*The Court purports to offer some guidance today by rejecting the
Sixth Circuit's "categorical rule barring a Fourth Amendment malicious-
prosecution claim if any charge is valid." Ante, at 564. But, it is not
clear that the Sixth Circuit even has such a rule. See Howse v. Hodous,
953 F. 3d 402, 409, (2020) (recognizing that the underlying inquiry is
whether an unfounded charge "change[s] the nature of the seizure"); see
2023 WL 152477, *4 (Jan. 11, 2023). It is thus unclear what,
if any, doctrinal progress today's decision makes.
 Cite as: (2024) 569

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

common law or Fourth Amendment doctrine for answers.
Instead, they are left to make their best guess at how the
Court would defne its novel claim.
I would take a far simpler course. Instead of forcing a
square peg into a round hole by judging an unreasonable
seizure based on the malicious-prosecution tort, I would
"hold that a malicious-prosecution claim may not be brought
under the Fourth Amendment." Thompson, 596 U. S., at 60
(opinion of Alito, J.). I respectfully dissent.

Justice Gorsuch, dissenting.
Section 1983 performs vital work by permitting individu-
als to vindicate their constitutional rights in federal court.
But it does not authorize this Court to expound new rights
of its own creation. As this Court has put it, does
not turn the Constitution into a " ` "font of tort law." ' " Al-
bright v. Oliver, (1994) (Kennedy, J., con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
curring in judgment) ).
Despite that settled rule, the Court today doubles down
on a new tort of its own recent invention -- what it calls a
"Fourth Amendment malicious-prosecution" cause of action.
Ante, at 558; see Thompson v. Clark, -- 44
(2022). Respectfully, it is hard to know where this tort
comes from. Stare for as long as you like at the Fourth
Amendment and you won't see anything about prosecutions,
malicious or otherwise. Instead, the Amendment provides
that "[t]he right of the people to be secure... against unrea-
sonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated."
As its language suggests, the Fourth Amendment supplies
nothing like a common-law claim for malicious prosecution.
Ante, at 566 (Thomas, J., dissenting); see Cordova v. Albu-
querque, 816 F. 3d 645, 662 -- 663 (CA10 2016) (Gorsuch, J.,
concurring in judgment). Just consider some of the differ-
ences. This Court has long held that the touchstone of the
Fourth Amendment is objective reasonableness. But a
570 CHIAVERINI v. CITY OF NAPOLEON

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

common-law malicious-prosecution claim focuses on the
defendant's subjective intent. Ante, at 566 (opinion of
Thomas, J.). The Fourth Amendment addresses the per-
missibility of a seizure. But a common-law malicious-
prosecution claim can (and usually does) proceed without
one. Ante, at 567. A seizure in violation of the Fourth
Amendment can (and often does) take place without the initi-
ation of any judicial process. But the whole point of a
malicious-prosecution claim is to contest the appropriateness
of past judicial proceedings. Ante, at 566. For all these
reasons, it's "pretty hard to see how you might squeeze any-
thing that looks quite like the common law tort of malicious
prosecution into the Fourth Amendment." Cordova, 816
F. 3d, at 663 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.).
That is not to say no constitutional hook exists for a 
claim addressing the malicious use of process. Rather, it
seems to me only that such a claim would be more properly
Page Proof Pending Publication
housed in the Fourteenth Amendment. See Albright, 510
U. S., at 283 (opinion of Kennedy, J.). After all, unlike the
Fourth Amendment, that provision does focus on judicial
proceedings, guaranteeing those who come before our courts
"due process" of law. See ibid.; Thompson, 596 U. S., at 43,
; Cordova, 816 F. 3d, at 662 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.). In-
hering in due process is a promise that courts will respect,
at the least, those "customary procedures to which freemen
were entitled by the old law of England." Sessions v. Di-
maya, (2018) (Gorsuch, J., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment). And the common law has long recognized a tort
of malicious prosecution to protect against the abuse of judi-
cial proceedings. Albright, 510 U. S., at 283 (opinion of
Kennedy, J.).
Admittedly, a procedural due process claim for malicious
prosecution may come with its own set of limitations. After
all, when a State provides exactly the tort claim the plaintiff
seeks, it provides him with all the process he is due. See
 Cite as: (2024) 571

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

id., at 284; Cordova, 816 F. 3d, at 662 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.).
And, consistent with the common law, many States recognize
claims for malicious prosecution. Indeed, the relevant State
here (Ohio) permits such a cause of action. Notably, too,
unlike the tort this Court seeks to cobble together under the
aegis of the Fourth Amendment, Ohio's tort does not require
a plaintiff to prove that he was seized. Compare Trussell
v. General Motors Corp., 53 Ohio St. 3d 142, 145 -- 146, 559
N. E. 2d 732, 735 -- 736 (1990), with ante, at 558 (majority opin-
ion). Of course, should a State fail to provide a malicious-
prosecution claim to secure his procedural due process
rights, or a fair forum for entertaining such a claim, a federal
court may need to act to vindicate and the promise of
procedural due process. Cordova, 816 F. 3d, at 665 (opinion
of Gorsuch, J.). But in many cases (this one included), a
State malicious-prosecution claim may be both easier for a
plaintiff to prove than anything the Court today provides
and suffcient to ensure any process he is due. Albright, 510
Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S., at 285 -- 286 (opinion of Kennedy, J.); Cordova, 816 F. 3d,
at 662 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.).
For these reasons, I respectfully dissent.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 557, line 3: "gun" is replaced with "(valid) drug"
p. 557, line 4: "drug" is replaced with "(invalid) gun"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 602 U. S. Part 1
Pages 779 -- 820

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 21, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2023 779

Syllabus

SMITH v. ARIZONA

certiorari to the court of appeals of arizona,
division one
No. 22 -- 899. Argued January 10, 2024 -- Decided June 21, 2024
The Sixth Amendment's Confrontation Clause guarantees a criminal de-
fendant the right to confront the witnesses against him. In operation,
the Clause protects a defendant's right of cross-examination by limiting
the prosecution's ability to introduce statements made by people not in
the courtroom. The Clause thus bars the admission at trial of an absent
witness's statements unless the witness is unavailable and the defendant
had a prior chance to subject her to cross-examination. Crawford v.
Washington, -- 54. This prohibition "applies only to testi-
monial hearsay," Davis v. Washington, and in that
two-word phrase are two limits. First, in speaking about "witnesses" -- 
or "those who bear testimony" -- the Clause confnes itself to "testimo-
nial statements," a category this Court has variously described. Id., at
823, 826. Second, the Clause bars only the introduction of hearsay -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
meaning, out-of-court statements offered "to prove the truth of the mat-
ter asserted." Anderson v. United States,. Rele-
vant here, the Confrontation Clause applies in full to forensic evidence.
For example, in Melendez-Diaz v. Massachusetts, prosecu-
tors introduced "certifcates of analysis" stating that lab tests had iden-
tifed a substance seized from the defendant as cocaine. The Court held
that the defendant had a right to cross-examine the lab analysts who
prepared the certifcates. In Bullcoming v. New Mexico, the Court relied on Melendez-Diaz to hold that a State could not intro-
duce one lab analyst's written fndings through the testimony of a substi-
tute analyst. Finally, in Williams v. Illinois, the Court
considered a case where one lab analyst related an absent analyst's fnd-
ings on the way to stating her own conclusion. The state court held
that the testimony did not implicate the Confrontation Clause because
the absent analyst's statements were introduced not for their truth, but
to explain the basis for the testifying expert's opinion. Five Members
of the Court rejected that reasoning. But because one of those fve
affrmed the state court on alternative grounds, Williams lost.
This case presents the same question on which the Court fractured
in Williams. Arizona law enforcement offcers found petitioner Jason
Smith with a large quantity of what appeared to be drugs and drug-
related items. Smith was charged with various drug offenses, and the
780 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Syllabus

State sent the seized items to a crime lab for scientifc analysis. Ana-
lyst Elizabeth Rast ran forensic tests on the items and concluded that
they contained usable quantities of methamphetamine, marijuana, and
cannabis. Rast prepared a set of typed notes and a signed report about
the testing. The State originally planned for Rast to testify about
those matters at Smith's trial, but Rast stopped working at the lab prior
to trial. So the State substituted another analyst, Greggory Longoni,
to "provide an independent opinion on the drug testing performed by
Elizabeth Rast." At trial, Longoni conveyed to the jury what Rast's
records revealed about her testing, before offering his "independent
opinion" of each item's identity. Smith was convicted. On appeal, he
argued that the State's use of a substitute expert to convey the sub-
stance of Rast's materials violated his Confrontation Clause rights.
The Arizona Court of Appeals rejected Smith's challenge, holding that
Longoni could constitutionally present his own expert opinions based on
his review of Rast's work because her statements were then used only
to show the basis of his opinion and not to prove their truth.
Held: When an expert conveys an absent analyst's statements in support of
the expert's opinion, and the statements provide that support only if true,
then the statements come into evidence for their truth. Pp. 792 -- 803.
(a) The parties agree that Smith's confrontation claim can succeed
Page Proof Pending Publication
only if Rast's statements came into evidence for their truth. Smith
argues that the condition is satisfed here because her statements were
conveyed, via Longoni's testimony, to establish that what she said hap-
pened in the lab did in fact happen. The State contends that Rast's
statements came into evidence not for their truth, but to "show the
basis" of Longoni's independent opinion. It emphasizes that Arizona's
Rules of Evidence authorize the admission of such statements for that
limited purpose. Evidentiary rules, however, do not control the inquiry
into whether a statement is admitted for its truth. Instead, courts
must conduct an independent analysis of that question.
Truth is everything when it comes to the kind of basis testimony
presented here. If an expert conveys an out-of-court statement in sup-
port of his opinion, and the statement supports that opinion only if true,
then the statement has been offered for the truth of what it asserts.
The truth of the basis testimony is what makes it useful to the State;
that is what supplies the predicate for -- and thus gives value to -- the
state expert's opinion. And from the factfnder's perspective, the jury
cannot decide whether the expert's opinion is credible without evaluat-
ing the truth of the factual assertions on which it is based. But that is
what raises the Confrontation Clause problem. For the defendant has
no opportunity to challenge the veracity of the out-of-court assertions
that are doing much of the work.
 Cite as: (2024) 781

Syllabus

Here, Rast's statements came in for their truth, and no less because
they were admitted to show the basis of Longoni's expert opinions. All
of Longoni's opinions were predicated on the truth of Rast's factual
statements. And the jury could credit those opinions because it too
accepted the truth of what Rast reported about her lab work. So the
State's basis evidence -- more precisely, the truth of the statements on
which its expert relied -- propped up the whole case; yet the maker of
the statements was not in the courtroom, and Smith could not ask her
any questions. Pp. 792 -- 800.
(b) What remains is whether the out-of-court statements Longoni
conveyed were testimonial. The testimonial issue focuses on the "pri-
mary purpose" of the statement, and in particular on how it relates to
a future criminal proceeding. But that issue is not now ft for resolu-
tion by this Court. The question presented in Smith's petition for cer-
tiorari took as a given that Rast's out-of-court statements were testimo-
nial, and the Arizona Court of Appeals did not decide the issue. Indeed,
there may not remain a matter to decide, as Smith maintains that the
State has forfeited any argument that Rast's statements were not testi-
monial. The testimonial issue, including the threshold forfeiture ques-
tion, is thus best considered by the state court in the frst instance.
Pp. 800 -- 803.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Vacated and remanded.

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Sotomayor,
Kavanaugh, Barrett, and Jackson, JJ., joined, and in which Thomas
and Gorsuch, JJ., joined as to Parts I, II, and IV. Thomas, J., post, p. 803,
and Gorsuch, J., post, p. 805, fled opinions concurring in part. Alito, J.,
fled an opinion concurring in the judgment, in which Roberts, C. J.,
joined, post, p. 807.

Hari Santhanam argued the cause for petitioner. With
him on the briefs were Robert Trebilcock, Michael R. Hus-
ton, Diane M. Johnsen, and Jonathan Tietz.
Deputy Solicitor General Feigin argued the cause for the
United States as amicus curiae urging vacatur. With him
on the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Acting Assist-
ant Attorney General Argentieri, Aimee W. Brown, and
Sofa M. Vickery.
Alexander W. Samuels, Principal Deputy Solicitor General
of Arizona, argued the cause for respondent. With him on
the brief were Kristin K. Mayes, Attorney General, Daniel
782 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Counsel

C. Barr, Chief Deputy Attorney General, Joshua D. Bendor,
Solicitor General, Alice M. Jones, Deputy Solicitor General,
and Deborah Celeste Kinney, Gracynthia Claw, and Casey D.
Ball, Assistant Attorneys General.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Alameda
County Public Defender et al. by Joshi Valentine and Kathleen Guner-
atne; for the Innocence Network et al. by Anna Sortun, Samantha Taylor,
Jamie T. Lau, and Keith A. Findley; for the National Association of Crimi-
nal Defense Lawyers et al. by Timothy P. O'Toole, Sarah A. Dowd, Jeffrey
L. Fisher, David D. Cole, Claudia Van Wyk, and Jared G. Keenan; for the
National College for DUI Defense, Inc., by Michelle L. Behan, Donald J.
Ramsell, and Fleming Kanan Whited III; and for Richard D. Friedman,
pro se.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Colorado et al. by Philip J. Weiser, Attorney General of Colorado, Jillian
J. Price, Deputy Attorney General, and Brock J. Swanson and William G.
Kozeliski, Senior Assistant Attorneys General, by Gentner F. Drummond,
Attorney General of Oklahoma, Amie N. Ely, First Assistant Attorney
General, Garry M. Gaskins II, Solicitor General, and Caroline E. J. Hunt,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Deputy Attorney General, and by the Attorneys General for their respec-
tive jurisdictions as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Treg Taylor of
Alaska, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Rob Bonta of California, Kathleen Jen-
nings of Delaware, Brian Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Ashley
Moody of Florida, Christopher M. Carr of Georgia, Raúl Labrador of
Idaho, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Todd Rokita of Indiana, Kris Kobach of
Kansas, Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Lynn
Fitch of Mississippi, Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of
Nebraska, Aaron Ford of Nevada, John Formella of New Hampshire,
Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Raúl Torrez of New Mexico, Letitia
James of New York, Josh Stein of North Carolina, Drew H. Wrigley of
North Dakota, Edward E. Manibusan of the Northern Mariana Islands,
Dave Yost of Ohio, Ellen F. Rosenblum of Oregon, Michelle Henry of
Pennsylvania, Peter F. Neronha of Rhode Island, Alan Wilson of South
Carolina, Marty J. Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennes-
see, Ken Paxton of Texas, Sean D. Reyes of Utah, Jason Miyares of Vir-
ginia, Robert W. Ferguson of Washington, Patrick Morrisey of West Vir-
ginia, and Josh Kaul of Wisconsin.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Criminal
Justice Legal Foundation by Kent S. Scheidegger; and for the National
District Attorneys Association et al. by Albert C. Locher.
Kendra N. Beckwith fled a brief for the American Board of Forensic
Toxicology et al. as amici curiae.
 Cite as: (2024) 783

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Sixth Amendment's Confrontation Clause guarantees
a criminal defendant the right to confront the witnesses
against him. The Clause bars the admission at trial of "tes-
timonial statements" of an absent witness unless she is "un-
available to testify, and the defendant ha[s] had a prior op-
portunity" to cross-examine her. Crawford v. Washington,
-- 54 (2004). And that prohibition applies in
full to forensic evidence. So a prosecutor cannot introduce
an absent laboratory analyst's testimonial out-of-court state-
ments to prove the results of forensic testing. See Melendez-
Diaz v. Massachusetts, 329 (2009).
The question presented here concerns the application of
those principles to a case in which an expert witness restates
an absent lab analyst's factual assertions to support his own
opinion testimony. This Court has held that the Confron-
tation Clause's requirements apply only when the prosecu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion uses out-of-court statements for "the truth of the matter
asserted." Crawford, 541 U. S., at 60,. Some state
courts, including the court below, have held that this condi-
tion is not met when an expert recites another analyst's
statements as the basis for his opinion. Today, we reject
that view. When an expert conveys an absent analyst's
statements in support of his opinion, and the statements pro-
vide that support only if true, then the statements come into
evidence for their truth. As this dispute illustrates, that
will generally be the case when an expert relays an absent
lab analyst's statements as part of offering his opinion. And
if those statements are testimonial too -- an issue we briefy
address but do not resolve as to this case -- the Confrontation
Clause will bar their admission.
I
A
The Confrontation Clause provides that "[i]n all criminal
prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right... to be con-
fronted with the witnesses against him." In operation, the
784 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Opinion of the Court

Clause protects a defendant's right of cross-examination by
limiting the prosecution's ability to introduce statements
made by people not in the courtroom. For a time, this Court
held that the Clause's "preference for face-to-face" confronta-
tion could give way if a court found that an out-of-court
statement bore "adequate indicia of reliability." Ohio v.
Roberts, -- 66 (1980). But two decades ago,
the Court changed course, to better refect original under-
standings. In Crawford v. Washington, the Court deemed
it "fundamentally at odds with the right of confrontation" to
admit statements based on judicial determinations of relia-
bility. 541 U. S., at 61. The Clause, Crawford explained,
"commands not that evidence be reliable, but that reliabil-
ity be assessed in a particular manner: by testing in the cru-
cible of cross-examination." Ibid. And so the Clause bars
the admission at trial of an absent witness's statements -- 
however trustworthy a judge might think them -- unless the
Page Proof Pending Publication
witness is unavailable and the defendant had a prior chance
to subject her to cross-examination.
But not always. The Clause's prohibition "applies only to
testimonial hearsay" -- and in that two-word phrase are two
limits. Davis v. Washington, (2006).
First, in speaking about "witnesses" -- or "those who bear
testimony" -- the Clause confnes itself to "testimonial state-
ments," a category whose contours we have variously de-
scribed. Id., at 823, 826; see id., at 822 (statements "made
in the course of police interrogation" were testimonial when
"the primary purpose of the interrogation [was] to establish
or prove past events potentially relevant to later criminal
prosecution"); Michigan v. Bryant, 359 (2011) (statements made to police "to meet an ongoing
emergency" were "not procured with a primary purpose of
creating an out-of-court substitute for trial testimony");
Melendez-Diaz, 557 U. S., at 311 (testimonial certifcates of
the results of forensic analysis were created "under circum-
stances which would lead an objective witness reasonably to
 Cite as: (2024) 785

Opinion of the Court

believe that the statement[s] would be available for use at a
later trial"); infra, at 800. Second and more relevant here,
the Clause bars only the introduction of hearsay -- meaning,
out-of-court statements offered "to prove the truth of the
matter asserted." Anderson v. United States, (1974). When a statement is admitted for a reason unre-
lated to its truth, we have held, the Clause's "role in protect-
ing the right of cross-examination" is not implicated. Ten-
nessee v. Street, (1985); see Anderson, 417
U. S., at 220. That is because the need to test an absent
witness ebbs when her truthfulness is not at issue. See
ibid.; Street, 471 U. S., at 414; infra, at 795, 798.
Not long after Crawford, the Court made clear that the
Confrontation Clause applies to forensic reports. In
Melendez-Diaz v. Massachusetts, state prosecutors intro-
duced "certifcates of analysis" (essentially, affdavits) stating
that lab tests had identifed a substance seized from the de-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fendant as cocaine. 557 U. S., at 308. But the State did not
call as witnesses the analysts who had conducted the tests
and signed the certifcates. We held that a "straightforward
application" of Crawford showed a constitutional violation.
557 U. S., at 312. The certifcates were testimonial: They
had an "evidentiary purpose," identical to the one served had
the analysts given "live, in-court testimony." Id., at 311.
And the certifcates were offered to prove the truth of what
they asserted: that the seized powder was in fact cocaine.
See id., at 310 -- 311. So the defendant had a right to cross-
examine the lab-analyst certifers. In reaching that conclu-
sion, we rejected the State's claim that the results of so-
called "neutral, scientifc testing" should be subject to a dif-
ferent rule. Id., at 317. We again underscored that the
Confrontation Clause commanded not reliability but one way
of testing it -- through cross-examination. See ibid. And
we thought that method might have plenty to do in cases
involving forensic analysis. After all, lab tests are "not
uniquely immune from the risk of manipulation" or mis-
786 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Opinion of the Court

take. Id., at 318. The defendant might have used cross-
examination to probe "what tests the analysts performed,"
whether those tests "present[ed] a risk of error, " and
whether the analysts had the right skill set to "interpret
their results." Id., at 320.
Two years later, the Court relied on Melendez-Diaz to hold
that a State could not introduce one lab analyst's written
fndings through the testimony of another. In Bullcoming
v. New Mexico, -- 652 (2011), an analyst tes-
ted the blood-alcohol level of someone charged with drunk
driving, and prepared a "testimonial certifcation" reporting
that the level was higher than legal. But by the time the
driver's trial began, that analyst had been placed on unpaid
leave. So the State instead called a different analyst from
the same lab to testify as to what the certifcation said. The
substitute analyst had similar qualifcations, and knew about
the type of test performed. But the Court held that insuff-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cient to satisfy the Confrontation Clause. The "surrogate
testimony," the Court explained, "could not convey what [the
certifying analyst] knew or observed" about "the particular
test and testing process he employed." Id., at 661. Nor
could that "testimony expose any lapses or lies on the certi-
fying analyst's part," or offer any insight into whether his
leave-without-pay was the result of misconduct. Id., at 662.
Concluded the Court: "[W]hen the State elected to introduce
[the] certifcation," its author -- and not any substitute -- "be-
came [the] witness [that the defendant] had the right to con-
front." Id., at 663.
The very next Term brought another case in which one lab
analyst related what another had found -- though this time on
the way to stating her own conclusion. In Williams v. Illi-
nois, (2012), state police sent vaginal swabs from
a rape victim known as L. J. to a private lab for DNA testing.
When the lab sent back a DNA profle, a state analyst
checked it against the police department's database and
found that it matched the profle of prior arrestee Sandy Wil-
 Cite as: (2024) 787

Opinion of the Court

liams. The State charged Williams with the rape, and he
went to trial. The prosecution chose not to bring the pri-
vate lab analyst to the stand. Instead, it called Sandra
Lambatos, the state analyst who had searched the police
database and found the DNA match. Lambatos had no frst-
hand knowledge of how the private lab had produced its re-
sults; she did not even know whether those results actually
came from L. J.'s vaginal swabs (as opposed to some other
sample). But she spoke repeatedly about comparing Wil-
liams's DNA to the DNA "found in [L. J.'s] vaginal swabs."
Id., at 61, 71 (plurality opinion); see id., at 124 (Kagan, J.,
dissenting). So in addition to describing how she discovered
a match, Lambatos became the conduit for what a different
analyst had reported -- that a particular DNA profle came
from L. J.'s vaginal swabs. Williams objected, at trial and
later: He thought that, just as in Bullcoming, crucial evi-
dence had been admitted through a surrogate expert, thus
Page Proof Pending Publication
violating his right of confrontation.
But the Illinois Supreme Court rejected Williams's claim,
holding that Lambatos's testimony about the private lab ana-
lyst's fnding did not raise a Confrontation Clause issue. See
People v. Williams, 238 Ill. 2d 125, 143 -- 144, 939 N. E. 2d
268, 278 -- 279 (2010). The court explained that under state
evidence law, an expert can disclose "underlying facts and
data" for "the purpose of explaining the basis for [her] opin-
ion." Id., at 137, 143, 939 N. E. 2d, at 274 -- 275, 278. And
when she does so, the court held, the testimony is not subject
to the Confrontation Clause because it is not admitted "for
the truth of the matter asserted." Id., at 143, 939 N. E. 2d,
at 278. Thus, Lambatos could relay the private lab's fnding
that L. J.'s vaginal swabs produced a certain DNA profle in
order to "explain the basis for her opinion" that "there was
a DNA match between [Williams's] blood sample and the
semen sample recovered from L. J." Id., at 150, 939 N. E.
2d, at 282. The admission of the private lab report's con-
tents for that "limited purpose," the court reasoned, would
788 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Opinion of the Court

"aid the [factfnder] in assessing the value of [Lambatos's]
opinion." Id., at 144, 939 N. E. 2d, at 278; see id., at 150,
939 N. E. 2d, at 282.
This Court granted Williams's petition for certiorari, but
failed to produce a majority opinion. Four Members of the
Court approved the Illinois Supreme Court's approach to
"basis evidence," and agreed that Lambatos's recitation of
the private lab's fndings served "the legitimate nonhearsay
purpose of illuminating the expert's thought process." Wil-
liams, 567 U. S., at 78 (plurality opinion). But the remain-
ing fve Members rejected that view. Those fve stated, in
two opinions, that basis evidence is generally introduced for
its truth, and was so introduced at Williams's trial. Justice
Thomas explained that "the purportedly limited reason for
[the basis] testimony -- to aid the factfnder in evaluating the
expert's opinion -- necessarily entail[ed] an evaluation of
whether [that] testimony [was] true": "[T]he validity of Lam-
batos'[s] opinion ultimately turned on the truth of [the pri-
Page Proof Pending Publication
vate lab analyst's] statements." Id., at 106, 108 (opinion
concurring in judgment). A dissent for another four Jus-
tices agreed: "[T]he utility of the [private analyst's] state-
ment that Lambatos repeated logically depended on its
truth." Id., at 132 (opinion of Kagan, J.). And the State
could not avoid that conclusion by "rely[ing] on [Lambatos's]
status as an expert." Id., at 126. Those shared views might
have made for a happy majority, except that a different Con-
frontation Clause issue intruded. Justice Thomas thought
that the private lab report was not testimonial because it
lacked suffcient formality, so affrmed the Illinois Supreme
Court on that alternative ground. The bottom line was that
Williams lost, even though fve Members of this Court re-
jected the state court's "not for the truth" reasoning.1
1
The Court also failed to reach agreement on the testimonial issue.
The four Justices who accepted the state court's "not for the truth" view
also concluded that the report was not testimonial. See Williams, 567
U. S., at 81 -- 86 (plurality opinion). But they did so for reasons different
 Cite as: (2024) 789

Opinion of the Court

Our opinions in Williams "have sown confusion in courts
across the country" about the Confrontation Clause's applica-
tion to expert opinion testimony. Stuart v. Alabama, (2018) (Gorsuch, J., dissenting from denial
of certiorari). Some courts have applied the Williams plu-
rality's "not for the truth" reasoning to basis testimony,
while others have adopted the opposed fve-Justice view.2
This case emerged out of that muddle.

B
Like Melendez-Diaz, this case involves drugs. In Decem-
ber 2019, Arizona law enforcement offcers executed a search
warrant on a property in the foothills of Yuma County. In-
side a shed on the property, they found petitioner Jason
Smith. They also found a large quantity of what appeared
to be drugs and drug-related items. As a result, Smith was
charged with possessing dangerous drugs (methamphet-
Page Proof Pending Publication
amine) for sale; possessing marijuana for sale; possessing
narcotic drugs (cannabis) for sale; and possessing drug para-
phernalia. He pleaded not guilty, and the case was set for
trial.
In preparation, the State sent items seized from the shed
to a crime lab run by the Arizona Department of Public
Safety (DPS) for a "full scientifc analysis." App. to Pet.

from Justice Thomas's. Compare ibid. with id., at 110 -- 117 (opinion con-
curring in judgment). The result was that no single rationale for affrm-
ance garnered a majority.
2
Compare, e. g., State v. Mercier, 2014 ME 28, ¶¶12 -- 14, 87 A. 3d 700,
704 (accepting the "not for the truth" rationale for admitting an expert's
basis testimony); State v. Hutchison, 482 S. W. 3d 893, 914 (Tenn. 2016);
United States v. Murray, 540 Fed. Appx. 918, 921 (CA11 2013), with People
v. Sanchez, 63 Cal. 4th 665, 684, 374 P. 3d 320, 333 (2016) (rejecting the
"not for the truth" rationale for admitting an expert's basis testimony);
Martin v. State, 60 A. 3d 1100, 1107 (Del. 2013); Young v. United States,
63 A. 3d 1033, 1045 (D. C. 2013); Leidig v. State, 475 Md. 181, 234, 256 A. 3d 870, 901, (2021); Commonwealth v. Jones, 472 Mass. 707,
714, 37 N. E. 3d 589, 597 (2015).
790 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Opinion of the Court

for Cert. 127a. The State's request identifed Smith as the
individual "associated" with the substances, listed the
charges against him, and noted that "[t]rial ha[d] been set."
Ibid. Analyst Elizabeth Rast communicated with prosecu-
tors about exactly which items needed to be examined, and
then ran the requested tests. See id., at 99a.
Rast prepared a set of typed notes and a signed report,
both on DPS letterhead, about the testing. The notes docu-
mented her lab work and results. They disclosed, for each
of eight items: a "[d]escription" of the item; the weight of
the item and how the weight was measured; the test(s) she
performed on the item, including whether she frst ran a
"[b]lank" on the testing equipment; the results of those tests;
and a "[c]onclusion" about the item's identity. See id., at
88a -- 98a. The signed report then distilled the notes into two
pages of ultimate fndings, denoted "results/interpretations."
See id., at 85a -- 87a. After listing the eight items, the report
stated that four "[c]ontained a usable quantity of metham-
Page Proof Pending Publication
phetamine," three "[c]ontained a usable quantity of mari-
juana," and one "[c]ontained a usable quantity of cannabis."
Id., at 86a -- 87a. The State originally planned for Rast to
testify about those matters at Smith's trial.
But with three weeks to go, the State called an audible,
replacing Rast with a different DPS analyst as its expert
witness. In the time between testing and trial, Rast had
stopped working at the lab, for unexplained reasons. And
the State chose not to rely on the now-former employee as a
witness. So the prosecutors fled an amendment to their
"fnal pre-trial conference statement" striking out the name
Elizabeth Rast and adding "Greggory Longoni, forensic sci-
entist (substitute expert)." Id., at 26a. Longoni had no
prior connection to the Smith case, and the State did not
claim otherwise. Its amendment simply stated that
"Mr. Longoni will provide an independent opinion on the
drug testing performed by Elizabeth Rast." Ibid. And it
continued: "Ms. Rast will not be called. [Mr. Longoni] is
expected to have the same conclusion." Ibid.
 Cite as: (2024) 791

Opinion of the Court

And he did come to the same conclusion, in reliance on
Rast's records. Because he had not participated in the
Smith case, Longoni prepared for trial by reviewing Rast's
report and notes. And when Longoni took the stand, he re-
ferred to those materials and related what was in them, item
by item by item. As to each, he described the specifc "sci-
entifc method[s]" Rast had used to analyze the substance
(e. g., a microscopic examination, a chemical color test, a gas
chromatograph/mass spectrometer test). Id., at 41a; see id.,
at 42a, 46a -- 48a. And as to each, he stated that the testing
had adhered to "general principles of chemistry," as well as
to the lab's "policies and practices," id., at 47a -- 48a; see id.,
at 40a; so he noted, for example, that Rast had run a "blank"
to confrm that testing equipment was not contaminated, id.,
at 42a, 47a. After thus telling the jury what Rast's records
conveyed about her testing of the items, Longoni offered an
"independent opinion" of their identity. Id., at 46a -- 47a, 49a.
More specifcally, the opinions he offered were: that Item 26
Page Proof Pending Publication
was "a usable quantity of marijuana," that Items 20A and
20B were "usable quantit[ies] of methamphetamine," and
that Item 28 was "[a] usable quantity of cannabis." Ibid.
After Smith was convicted, he brought an appeal focusing
on Longoni's testimony. In Smith's view, the State's use of
a "substitute expert" -- who had not participated in any of the
relevant testing -- violated his Confrontation Clause rights.
Id., at 26a; see Brief for Appellant Smith in No. 1 CA -- CR
21 -- 0451 (Ariz. Ct. App.), pp. 20 -- 23. The real witness
against him, Smith urged, was Rast, through her written
statements; but he had not had the opportunity to cross-
examine her. See ibid. The State disagreed. In its view,
Longoni testifed about "his own independent opinions," even
though making use of Rast's records. Brief for Appellee Ar-
izona in No. 1 CA -- CR 21 -- 0451 (Ariz. Ct. App.), p. 22. So
Longoni was the only witness Smith had a right to confront.
See ibid.
The Arizona Court of Appeals affrmed Smith's convic-
tions, rejecting his Confrontation Clause challenge. It re-
792 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Opinion of the Court

lied on Arizona precedent (similar to the Illinois Supreme
Court's decision in Williams) stating that an expert may tes-
tify to "the substance of a non-testifying expert's analysis,
if such evidence forms the basis of the [testifying] expert's
opinion." App. to Pet. for Cert. 11a -- 12a ). That is because, the Arizona courts
have said, the "underlying facts" are then "used only to show
the basis of [the in-court witness's] opinion and not to prove
their truth." Ibid., 336 P. 3d, at 757. On that view, the
Court of Appeals held, Longoni could constitutionally "pres-
ent his independent expert opinions" as "based on his re-
view of Rast's work." App. to Pet. for Cert. 11a.
We granted certiorari to consider that reasoning, 600
U. S. -- -- -- (2023), and we now reject it.3

II
Smith's confrontation claim can succeed only if Rast's
Page
statementsProof
came into Pending
evidence for theirPublication
truth. As earlier
explained, the Clause applies solely to "testimonial hearsay."
Davis, 547 U. S., at 823 ; see supra, at 784.
3
The question on which we granted certiorari made reference as well to
another aspect of the Court of Appeals' reasoning. That question asks
whether the Confrontation Clause permits "testimony by a substitute ex-
pert conveying the testimonial statements of a nontestifying forensic ana-
lyst, on the grounds that (a) the testifying expert offers some independent
opinion and the analyst's statements are offered not for their truth but to
explain the expert's opinion, and (b) the defendant did not independently
seek to subpoena the analyst." Pet. for Cert. i. The "(b)" in that ques-
tion arises from the following sentence in the court's opinion: "Had Smith
sought to challenge Rast's analysis, he could have called her to the stand
and questioned her, but he chose not to do so." App. to Pet. for Cert.
12a. We need not spend much time on that rationale because the State
rightly does not defend it. As we held in Melendez-Diaz, a defendant's
"ability to subpoena" an absent analyst "is no substitute for the right of
confrontation." 557 U. S., at 324. The Confrontation Clause "imposes a
burden on the prosecution to present its witnesses, not on the defendant
to bring those adverse witnesses into court." Ibid.
 Cite as: (2024) 793

Opinion of the Court

And that means the Clause "does not bar the use of testimo-
nial statements for purposes other than establishing the
truth of the matter asserted." Crawford, 541 U. S., at 60,. So a court analyzing a confrontation claim must iden-
tify the role that a given out-of-court statement -- here,
Rast's statements about her lab work -- served at trial. On
that much, indeed, the entire Williams Court agreed. Amid
all the fracturing that case produced, every Justice defned
its primary question in the same way: whether the absent
analyst's statements were introduced for their truth. See
567 U. S., at 57 -- 58 (plurality opinion); id., at 104 (Thomas, J.,
concurring in judgment); id., at 125 -- 126 (Kagan, J., dissent-
ing). The parties here likewise concur in that framing. See
Brief for Smith 28 -- 29; Brief for Arizona 17 -- 18. If Rast's
statements came in to establish the truth of what she said,
then the Clause's alarms begin to ring; but if her statements
came in for another purpose, then those alarms fall quiet.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Where the parties disagree, of course, is in answering that
purpose question. Smith argues that the "for the truth"
condition is satisfed here, just as much as in Melendez-Diaz
or Bullcoming. See Brief for Smith 23 -- 28; supra, at 785 -- 
786. In his view, Rast's statements were conveyed, via Lon-
goni's testimony, to establish that what she said happened in
the lab did in fact happen. Or put more specifcally, those
statements were conveyed to show that she used certain
standard procedures to run certain tests, which enabled
identifcation of the seized items. The State sees the matter
differently. See Brief for Arizona 19 -- 26. Echoing the Ari-
zona Court of Appeals (and the Illinois Supreme Court in
Williams), the State argues that Rast's statements came
into evidence not for their truth, but instead to "show the
basis" of the in-court expert's independent opinion. Brief
for Arizona 21; see supra, at 787 -- 788. And to defend that
characterization, Arizona emphasizes that its Rule of Evi-
dence 703 (again, like Illinois's) authorizes the admission of
such statements only for that purpose -- i. e., to "help the
794 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Opinion of the Court

jury [to] evaluate" the opinion testimony. Brief for Arizona
20 -- 21; see post, at 814 (Alito, J., concurring in judgment)
(arguing the same as to Federal Rule of Evidence 703).
Evidentiary rules, though, do not control the inquiry into
whether a statement is admitted for its truth. That inquiry,
as just described, marks the scope of a federal constitutional
right. See supra, at 792 -- 793. And federal constitutional
rights are not typically defned -- expanded or contracted -- 
by reference to non-constitutional bodies of law like evidence
rules.4 The confrontation right is no different, as Crawford
made clear. "Where testimonial statements are involved,"
that Court explained, "the Framers [did not mean] to leave
the Sixth Amendment's protection to the vagaries of the
rules of evidence." 541 U. S., at 61. Justice Thomas reit-
erated the point in Williams: "[C]oncepts central to the ap-
plication of the Confrontation Clause are ultimately matters
of federal constitutional law that are not dictated by state or
Page Proof Pending Publication
federal evidentiary rules." 567 U. S., at 105 (opinion concur-
ring in judgment). We therefore do not "accept [a State's]
nonhearsay label at face value." Id., at 106; see id., at 132
(Kagan, J., dissenting). Instead, we conduct an independ-
ent analysis of whether an out-of-court statement was ad-
mitted for its truth, and therefore may have compromised a
defendant's right of confrontation.
We did just that in Tennessee v. Street -- and in so doing
showcased how an out-of-court statement can come into evi-
dence for a non-truth-related reason. See 471 U. S., at 410 -- 
417. Street was charged with murder, based mostly on a

4
One qualifcation is appropriate. If an evidentiary rule refects a long-
established understanding, then it might shed light on the historical mean-
ing of the Confrontation Clause. But that could not possibly be said of
Rule 703 -- the rule Arizona cites to support the introduction of basis evi-
dence. On the contrary, that rule is a product of the late-20th century,
and was understood from the start to depart from past practice. See
Brief for Richard D. Friedman as Amicus Curiae 17; Advisory Commit-
tee's Notes on Fed. Rule Evid. 703, 28 U. S. C. App., p. 393.
 Cite as: (2024) 795

Opinion of the Court

stationhouse confession. At trial, he claimed that the con-
fession was coerced, and in a peculiar way: The sheriff, he
said, had read aloud an accomplice's confession and forced
him to repeat it. On rebuttal, the State introduced the
other confession (through the sheriff's testimony) to demon-
strate to the jury all the ways its content deviated from
Street's. We upheld that use as "nonhearsay." Id., at 413.
The other confession came in, we explained, not to prove
"the truth of [the accomplice's] assertions" about how the
murder happened, but only to disprove Street's claim about
how the sheriff elicited his own confession. Ibid. Or other-
wise said, the point was to show, by highlighting the two
confessions' differences, that Street's was not a "coerced imi-
tation." Id., at 414. For that purpose, the truth of the ac-
complice's confession (and the credibility of the accomplice
himself) was irrelevant.
But truth is everything when it comes to the kind of basis
Page Proof Pending Publication
testimony presented here. If an expert for the prosecution
conveys an out-of-court statement in support of his opinion,
and the statement supports that opinion only if true, then
the statement has been offered for the truth of what it as-
serts. How could it be otherwise? "The whole point" of
the prosecutor's eliciting such a statement is "to establish -- 
because of the [statement's] truth -- a basis for the jury to
credit the testifying expert's" opinion. Stuart, 586 U. S., at
1028 (Gorsuch, J., dissenting from denial of certiorari) (em-
phasis in original). Or said a bit differently, the truth of the
basis testimony is what makes it useful to the prosecutor;
that is what supplies the predicate for -- and thus gives value
to -- the state expert's opinion. So "[t]here is no meaning-
ful distinction between disclosing an out-of-court statement"
to "explain the basis of an expert's opinion" and "disclos-
ing that statement for its truth." Williams, 567 U. S., at
106 (Thomas, J., concurring in judgment). A State may use
only the former label, but in all respects the two purposes
merge.
796 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Opinion of the Court

Or to see the point another way, consider it from the fact-
fnder's perspective. In the view of the Arizona courts, an
expert's conveyance of another analyst's report enables the
factfnder to "determine whether [the expert's] opinion
should be found credible." Karp, 236 Ariz., at 124, 336 P. 3d,
at 757; see Williams, 238 Ill. 2d, at 144, 939 N. E. 2d, at 278
(also stating that such a report "aid[s] the jury in assessing
the value of [the expert's] opinion"); supra, at 787 -- 788, 792.
That is no doubt right. The jury cannot decide whether the
expert's opinion is credible without evaluating the truth of
the factual assertions on which it is based. See D. Kaye, D.
Bernstein, A. Ferguson, M. Wittlin, & J. Mnookin, The New
Wigmore: Expert Evidence.4.1, p. 271 (3d ed. 2021). If
believed true, that basis evidence will lead the jury to credit
the opinion; if believed false, it will do the opposite. See
Williams, 567 U. S., at 106, and (Thomas, J., concurring
in judgment); id., at 126 -- 127 (Kagan, J., dissenting). But
that very fact is what raises the Confrontation Clause prob-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lem. For the defendant has no opportunity to challenge the
veracity of the out-of-court assertions that are doing much
of the work.
And if that explanation seems a bit abstract, then take this
case as its almost-too-perfect illustration. Recall that Rast
tested eight seized items before she disappeared from the
scene. At trial, the prosecutor asked the State's "substitute
expert" Longoni to testify about four of them (with the rest
dropping out of the case). App. to Pet. for Cert. 26a. A
recap of their exchange about one item will be enough; the
rest followed the same pattern. Remember as you read that
Longoni, though familiar with the lab's general practices, had
no personal knowledge about Rast's testing of the seized
items. Rather, as his testimony makes clear, what he knew
on that score came only from reviewing Rast's records.
With that as background:
Q Turn your attention to Item 26. I'm going to hand
you what's been marked as State's Exhibit 98 [Rast's
 Cite as: (2024) 797

Opinion of the Court

notes].... Did you review how [Item] 26 was tested in
this case?
A Yes.
Q When you reviewed it, did you notice whether the
[standard lab] policies and practices that you have just
described were followed?
A Yes.
Q Were they followed?
A Yes......
Q From your review of the lab notes in this case, can
you tell me what scientifc method was used to analyze
Item 26?
A Yes.
Q And what was used?
A The microscopic examination and the chemical color
test....
Q That was done in this case?
Page Proof Pending Publication
A Yes, it was.
Q Was there a blank done to prevent contamination,
make sure everything was clean?
A According to the notes, yes......
Q In reviewing what was done, your knowledge and
training as a forensic scientist, your knowledge and ex-
perience with DPS's policies, practices, procedures, your
knowledge of chemistry, the lab notes, the intake rec-
ords, the chemicals used, the tests done, can you form
an independent opinion on the identity of Item 26?
A Yes.
Q What is that opinion?
A That is a usable quantity of marijuana.
Id., at 39a -- 42a, 46a. And then the prosecutor went on to
Items 20A, 20B, and 28, asking similar questions, receiving
similar answers based on Rast's records, and fnally eliciting
similar "independent opinions" -- which were no more than
798 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Opinion of the Court

what Rast herself had concluded. See supra, at 790 -- 791.
"Yes," Longoni confrmed, just as Item 26 was a "usable
quantity of marijuana," Items 20A and 20B were "usable
quantit[ies] of methamphetamine" and Item 28 was a "usable
quantity of cannabis." App. to Pet. for Cert. 46a, 47a, 49a.
Rast's statements thus came in for their truth, and no less
because they were admitted to show the basis of Longoni's
expert opinions. All those opinions were predicated on the
truth of Rast's factual statements. Longoni could opine that
the tested substances were marijuana, methamphetamine,
and cannabis only because he accepted the truth of what
Rast had reported about her work in the lab -- that she had
performed certain tests according to certain protocols and
gotten certain results. And likewise, the jury could credit
Longoni's opinions identifying the substances only because it
too accepted the truth of what Rast reported about her lab
work (as conveyed by Longoni). If Rast had lied about all
Page Proof Pending Publication
those matters, Longoni's expert opinion would have counted
for nothing, and the jury would have been in no position to
convict. So the State's basis evidence -- more precisely, the
truth of the statements on which its expert relied -- propped
up its whole case. But the maker of those statements was
not in the courtroom, and Smith could not ask her any
questions.
Approving that practice would make our decisions in
Melendez-Diaz and Bullcoming a dead letter, and allow for
easy evasion of the Confrontation Clause. As earlier de-
scribed, those two decisions applied Crawford in "straight-
forward" fashion to forensic evidence. Melendez-Diaz, 557
U. S., at 312; see Bullcoming, 564 U. S., at 659 -- 661; supra, at
785 -- 786. The frst prevented the introduction of a lab ana-
lyst's testimonial report sans lab analyst. The second refused
to accede to the idea that any old analyst -- i. e., a substitute
who had not taken part in the lab work -- would do. Arizona
offers only a slight variation. On its view, a surrogate ana-
lyst can testify to all the same substance -- that is, someone
 Cite as: (2024) 799

Opinion of the Court

else's substance -- as long as he bases an "independent opin-
ion" on that material. And that is true even if, as here, the
proffered opinion merely replicates, rather than somehow
builds on, the testing analyst's conclusions. So every testi-
monial lab report could come into evidence through any
trained surrogate, however remote from the case. And no
defendant would have a right to cross-examine the testing
analyst about what she did and how she did it and whether
her results should be trusted. In short, Arizona wants to
end run all we have held the Confrontation Clause to require.
It cannot.
Properly understood, the Clause still allows forensic ex-
perts like Longoni to play a useful role in criminal trials.
Because Longoni worked in the same lab as Rast, he could
testify from personal knowledge about how that lab typically
functioned -- the standards, practices, and procedures it used
to test seized substances, as well as the way it maintained
Page Proof Pending Publication
chains of custody. (Indeed, Longoni did just that in a differ-
ent part of his testimony. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 32a -- 
39a.) Or had he not been familiar with Rast's lab, he could
have testifed in general terms about forensic guidelines and
techniques -- perhaps explaining what it means for a lab to
be accredited and what requirements accreditation imposes.
Or as the Williams plurality and dissent both observed, he
might have been asked -- and could have answered -- any
number of hypothetical questions, taking the form of: "If
or assuming some out-of-court statement were true, what
would follow from it?" See 567 U. S., at 67 -- 68; id., at 129,. (The State of course would then have to separately
prove the thing assumed.) The United States, appearing as
amicus curiae in support of neither party, usefully ad-
dressed these matters at oral argument, distinguishing Lon-
goni's testimony as block-quoted above from the various
kinds of testimony just described. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 36 -- 
41. The latter forms of testimony allow forensic expertise
to inform a criminal case without violating the defendant's
800 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Opinion of the Court

right of confrontation. And we offer these merely as exam-
ples; there may be others.
But as the United States acknowledged, the bulk of Lon-
goni's testimony took no such permissible form. Ibid.
Here, the State used Longoni to relay what Rast wrote down
about how she identifed the seized substances. Longoni
thus effectively became Rast's mouthpiece. He testifed to
the precautions (she said) she took, the standards (she said)
she followed, the tests (she said) she performed, and the re-
sults (she said) she obtained. The State offered up that evi-
dence so the jury would believe it -- in other words, for its
truth. So if the out-of-court statements were also testimo-
nial, their admission violated the Confrontation Clause.
Smith would then have had a right to confront the person
who actually did the lab work, not a surrogate merely read-
ing from her records.
III

Page Proof
What remains Pending
is whether Publication
the out-of-court statements Lon-
goni conveyed were testimonial. As earlier explained, that
question is independent of everything said above: To impli-
cate the Confrontation Clause, a statement must be hearsay
("for the truth") and it must be testimonial -- and those two
issues are separate from each other. See supra, at 784 -- 785.
The latter, this Court has stated, focuses on the "primary
purpose" of the statement, and in particular on how it relates
to a future criminal proceeding. See ibid. (noting varied
formulations of the standard).5 A court must therefore
identify the out-of-court statement introduced, and must de-

5
Given that focus, the mine-run of materials on which most expert wit-
nesses rely in forming opinions -- including books and journals, surveys,
and economic or scientifc studies -- will raise no serious confrontation is-
sues. See Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 13 -- 17 (giving exam-
ples of classic expert-basis evidence). That is because the preparation
of those materials generally lacks any "evidentiary purpose." Melendez-
Diaz, 557 U. S., at 311.
 Cite as: (2024) 801

Opinion of the Court

termine, given all the "relevant circumstances," the principal
reason it was made. Bryant, 562 U. S., at 369.
But that issue is not now ft for our resolution. The ques-
tion presented in Smith's petition for certiorari did not ask
whether Rast's out-of-court statements were testimonial.
See supra, at 792,. Instead, it
took as a given that they were. See id., at i. That presen-
tation refected the Arizona Court of Appeals' opinion. As
described earlier, that court relied on the "not for the truth"
rationale we have just rejected. See supra, at 791 -- 792. It
did not decide whether Rast's statements were testimonial.
Nor, to our knowledge, did the trial court ever take a stance
on that issue. Because "we are a court of review, not of frst
view," we will not be the pioneer court to decide the matter.
Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005). And
indeed, we are not sure if there remains a matter to decide.
Smith argues that the State has forfeited the argument: Ari-
Page Proof Pending Publication
zona, he says, "gave no hint in the proceedings below that it
believed Rast's statements were anything but testimonial."
Reply Brief 3. The State denies that assertion, pointing to
a passage about Williams in its lower court briefng. See
Brief for Arizona 39,. The dispute is best addressed
by a state court. So we return the testimonial issue, includ-
ing the threshold forfeiture matter, to the Arizona Court of
Appeals.
But we offer a few thoughts, based on the arguments made
here, about the questions the state court might usefully ad-
dress if the testimonial issue remains live. First, the court
will need to consider exactly which of Rast's statements are
at issue. In this Court, the parties disputed whether Lon-
goni was reciting from Rast's notes alone, or from both her
notes and fnal report. See supra, at 790 (describing those
documents). In Arizona's view, everything Longoni testi-
fed to came from Rast's notes; although he at times used the
word "report," a close comparison of the documents and his
802 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Opinion of the Court

testimony reveals (the State says) that he meant only the
notes. See Brief for Arizona 39 -- 40; Tr. of Oral Arg. 69 -- 72;
see also App. to Pet. for Cert. 39a -- 40a, 48a. Smith dis-
agrees, taking Longoni's references to the "report," as well
as the notes, at face value. According to Smith, Longoni
"relied on both" documents and in fact "treated them as a
unit," with the notes "attached" to the report as "essentially
an appendix." Reply Brief 4; Tr. of Oral Arg. 25, 98. Re-
solving that dispute might, or then again might not, affect
the court's ultimate disposition of Smith's Confrontation
Clause claim. We note only that before the court can decide
the primary purpose of the out-of-court statements intro-
duced at Smith's trial, it needs to determine exactly what
those statements were.
In then addressing the statements' primary purpose -- why
Rast created the report or notes -- the court should consider
the range of recordkeeping activities that lab analysts en-
gage in. See generally supra, at 784 -- 785 (describing formu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lations of the testimonial inquiry). After all, some records
of lab analysts will not have an evidentiary purpose. The
United States as amicus curiae notes, for example, that lab
records may come into being primarily to comply with labo-
ratory accreditation requirements or to facilitate internal re-
view and quality control. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 51. Or some
analysts' notes may be written simply as reminders to self.
See id., at 20, 52. In those cases, the record would not count
as testimonial. To do so, the document's primary purpose
must have "a focus on court." Id., at 52. And again, the
state court on remand should make that assessment as to
each record whose substance Longoni conveyed.

IV
Our holding today follows from all this Court has held
about the Confrontation Clause's application to forensic evi-
dence. A State may not introduce the testimonial out-of-
court statements of a forensic analyst at trial, unless she is
 Cite as: (2024) 803

Thomas, J., concurring in part

unavailable and the defendant has had a prior chance to
cross-examine her. See Crawford, 541 U. S., at 68;
Melendez-Diaz, 557 U. S., at 311. Neither may the State in-
troduce those statements through a surrogate analyst who
did not participate in their creation. See Bullcoming, 564
U. S., at 663. And nothing changes if the surrogate -- as in
this case -- presents the out-of-court statements as the basis
for his expert opinion. Those statements, as we have ex-
plained, come into evidence for their truth -- because only if
true can they provide a reason to credit the substitute ex-
pert. So a defendant has the right to cross-examine the per-
son who made them.
That means Arizona does not escape the Confrontation
Clause just because Rast's records came in to explain the
basis of Longoni's opinion. The Arizona Court of Appeals
thought otherwise, and so we vacate its judgment. To ad-
dress the additional issue of whether Rast's records were
testimonial (including whether that issue was forfeited), we
Page Proof Pending Publication
remand the case for further proceedings not inconsistent
with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, concurring in part.
I join the Court in all but Part III of its opinion. The
Sixth Amendment's Confrontation Clause provides: "In all
criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right... to
be confronted with the witnesses against him." This Clause
bars the admission of an absent witness's testimonial state-
ments for their truth, unless the witness is unavailable and the
defendant previously had an opportunity to cross-examine
that witness. See Crawford v. Washington, -- 56, 60, (2004). Today, the Court correctly concludes
that "[w]hen an expert conveys an absent analyst's state-
ments in support of his opinion, and the statements provide
that support only if true, then the statements come into evi-
dence for their truth." Ante, at 783; see also Williams v.
804 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Thomas, J., concurring in part

Illinois, (2012) (Thomas, J., concurring in
judgment). But, a question remains whether that analyst's
statements were testimonial. I agree with the Court that,
because the courts below did not consider this question, we
should remand for the Arizona Court of Appeals to answer
it in the frst instance. Ante, at 801. But, I disagree with
the Court's suggestion that the Arizona Court of Appeals
should answer that question by looking to each statement's
"primary purpose." Ante, at 801 -- 802.
I continue to adhere to my view that "the Confrontation
Clause is implicated by extrajudicial statements only insofar
as they are contained in formalized testimonial materials,
such as affdavits, depositions, prior testimony, or confes-
sions. "* Whi te v. Illinois, (1992)
(Thomas, J., concurring in part and concurring in judgment);
see also Ohio v. Clark, -- 255 (2015)
(Thomas, J., concurring in judgment); Williams, 567 U. S.,
at 110 -- 111 (opinion of Thomas, J.); Michigan v. Bryant, 562
Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S. 344, 379 (2011) (Thomas, J., concurring in judgment);
Melendez-Diaz v. Massachusetts, (2009)
(Thomas, J., concurring); Giles v. California, -- 378 (2008) (Thomas, J., concurring); Davis v. Washing-
ton, (2006) (opinion of Thomas, J.); Lilly v.
Virginia, (1999) (Thomas, J., concurring
in part and concurring in judgment). The Confrontation
Clause guarantees a criminal defendant "the right... to be
confronted with the witnesses against him." Amdt. 6. As
I have previously explained, "[w]itnesses... are those who
bear testimony. And testimony is a solemn declaration or
affrmation made for the purpose of establishing or proving
some fact." Davis, 547 U. S., at 836 (opinion of Thomas, J.)
(citations, internal quotation marks, and alterations omitted).

*The Confrontation Clause "also reaches the use of technically informal
statements when used to evade the formalized process." Davis v. Wash-
ington, (2006) (Thomas, J., concurring in judgment in
part and dissenting in part).
 Cite as: (2024) 805

Gorsuch, J., concurring in part

This understanding is grounded in "[t]he history surround-
ing the right to confrontation," which "was developed to tar-
get particular practices that occurred under the English bail
and committal statutes passed during the reign of Queen
Mary, namely, the civil-law mode of criminal procedure, and
particularly its use of ex parte examinations as evidence
against the accused." Id., at 835. Rather than attempt to divine a statement's "pri-
mary purpose," I would look for whether the statement is
"similar in solemnity to the Marian examination practices
that the Confrontation Clause was designed to prevent."
Williams, 567 U. S., at 112 (opinion of Thomas, J.). In my
view, the Arizona Court of Appeals should consider on re-
mand whether the statements at issue have the requisite for-
mality and solemnity to qualify as testimonial. If they do
not, the Confrontation Clause poses no barrier to their
admission.
Page
Justice Proof Pending
Gorsuch, concurring in part.Publication
I am pleased to join the Court's opinion holding that, when
an expert presents another's statements as the "basis" for
his own opinion, he is offering those statements for their
truth. See Parts I, II, and IV, ante.
I cannot join, however, the Court's discussion in Part III
about when an absent analyst's statement might qualify as
"testimonial." See ante, at 800 -- 802. As the Court says,
"that issue is not now ft for our resolution." Ante, at 801.
It was not part of the question presented for our review, nor
was it the focus of the decision below. Ibid. In fact, the
State devoted so little attention to the "testimonial" issue in
the Arizona courts that any argument it might make on the
subject on remand may be forfeited. Ibid. Further, the
Court's thoughts on the subject are in no way necessary to
the resolution of today's dispute. What makes a statement
testimonial, the Court notes, is an entirely "separate" issue.
Ante, at 800.
806 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Gorsuch, J., concurring in part

Nor am I entirely sure about the guidance found in Part
III. The Sixth Amendment protects the accused's "right...
to be confronted with the witnesses against him." As the
Court sees it, whether a statement being offered for its truth
and tendency to inculpate a defendant triggers that right
depends "on the `primary purpose' of the statement, and in
particular on how it relates to a future criminal proceeding."
Ante, at 800. I cannot help but wonder whether that is
correct.
Just consider a few other possibilities. In protecting the
right to confront "witnesses," perhaps the Sixth Amendment
reaches any "person who gives or furnishes evidence."
United States v. Hubbell, -- 50 (2000) (Thomas,
J., concurring) (discussing founding-era meaning of the word
"witness" in the Fifth Amendment); see also id., at 50,.
Or perhaps the Amendment reaches all "those who `bear tes-
timony.' " Crawford v. Washington, (2004)
Page Proof Pending Publication
). Perhaps, too, a statement "bears tes-
timony" so long as it "explicitly or implicitly... relate[s] a
factual assertion or disclose[s] information." Doe v. United
States, (1988) (discussing what makes a
statement "testimonial" for purposes of the Fifth Amend-
ment); see also 2 Webster, An American Dictionary (observ-
ing near the founding that "testimony" could mean "evi-
dence" and "proof of some fact" as well as a "solemn
declaration or affrmation" made to "establis[h] or prov[e]
some fact"). To my mind, all these questions (and maybe
others too) warrant careful exploration in a case that pre-
sents them and, without more assurance, I worry that the
Court's proposed "primary purpose" test may be a limitation
of our own creation on the confrontation right.
I am concerned, as well, about the confusion a "primary
purpose" test may engender. Does it focus, for example, on
the purposes an objective observer would assign to a chal-
 Cite as: (2024) 807

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

lenged statement, see ante, at 784 -- 785 (referencing the " `ob-
jective witness' "), the declarant's purposes in making it, see
ante, at 802 (asking "why Rast created the report or notes"),
the government's purposes in " `procur[ing]' " it, see ante, at
784, or maybe still some other point of reference? Even
after we fgure out a statement's purposes, how do we pick
the primary one out of the several a statement might serve?
Or determine in exactly what way that purpose must "re-
lat[e] to a future criminal proceeding"? Ante, at 800. And
if we fail to fnd some foothold in text and historical practice
for resolving these questions, how can judges answer them
without resort to their own notions of what would be best?
Some time ago, Chief Justice Marshall charged the judi-
ciary with "be[ing] watchful of every inroad" on the accused's
right to be confronted with the witnesses against him.
United States v. Burr, 25 F. Cas. 187, 193 (No. 14,694) (CC
Va. 1807). With that cautionary note in mind, I respectfully
Page Proof Pending Publication
concur in all but Part III of the Court's opinion.

Justice Alito, with whom The Chief Justice joins, con-
curring in the judgment.
Today, the Court inficts a needless, unwarranted, and
crippling wound on modern evidence law. There was a time
when expert witnesses were required to express their opin-
ions as responses to hypothetical questions. But eventually,
this highly artifcial, awkward, confusing, and abuse-laden
form of testimony earned virtually unanimous condemnation.
More than a century ago, judges, evidence scholars, and legal
reform associations began to recommend that courts abandon
the required use of hypotheticals, and more than 50 years
ago, the Federal Rules of Evidence did so. Now, however,
the Court proclaims that a prosecution expert will frequently
violate the Confrontation Clause when he testifes in strict
compliance with the Federal Rules of Evidence and similar
modern state rules. Instead, the Court suggests that such
808 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

experts revert to the form that was buried a half-century
ago. Ante, at 799. There is no good reason for this radi-
cal change.
I
To explain why I think the Court has gone far astray, I
begin with a brief look at the history of expert testimony -- 
and particularly, why the hypothetical-question requirement
was replaced by the (superior) mode of testimony allowed by
the Federal Rules of Evidence.

A
Expert testimony presents a challenge for a legal system
like ours that restricts a fact-fnder's ability to consider hear-
say. This is so because an expert's opinion very often is
based on facts that are not proved in court. As a modern
treatise puts it, the value of experts lies in their ability to
"brin[g] to bear a body of knowledge largely extraneous to
Page Proof Pending Publication
the facts of the particular case." D. Kaye, D. Bernstein, A.
Ferguson, M. Wittlin, & J. Mnookin, The New Wigmore: Ex-
pert Evidence.2.1, p. 4 (3d ed. 2021) (Kaye). Wigmore
made the same point when he wrote that "[n]o one profes-
sional man can know from personal observation more than a
minute fraction of the data which he must every day treat
as working truths." 1 J. Wigmore, Evidence, p. 762
(1904) (Wigmore). Instead, experts routinely "rel[y] on the
reported data of fellow-scientists, learned by perusing their
reports in books and journals." Id., at 762 -- 763 (emphasis
deleted); see also Kaye.1, at 165 ("[P]art of an expert's
very expertise inevitably derive[s] from hearsay").
Despite this problem, courts in Great Britain and this
country long ago recognized the value of expert testimony
and concluded that they "must... accept this kind of knowl-
edge from scientifc men," even if it meant allowing tes-
timony based on facts of which the expert did not have
frsthand knowledge. See 1 Wigmore 763; 1 S. Greenleaf,
 Cite as: (2024) 809

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

Evidence, p. 529 (rev. 16th ed. 1899) ("It would be
absurd to deny judicial standing to such knowledge, because
all scientifc data must be handed down from generation to
generation by hearsay, and each student can hope to test only
a trifing fraction of scientifc truth by personal experience");
Slocovich v. Orient Mut. Ins. Co., 108 N. Y. 56, 64, 14 N. E.
802, 805 (1888) ("An expert is qualifed to give evidence as
to things which he has never seen. He may base an opinion
upon facts proved by other witnesses, or upon facts assumed
and embraced within the case").
Recognizing this reality, a court in the late-18th century
admitted expert testimony about the seaworthiness of a ship
based on a survey conducted when the expert was not pres-
ent. Thornton v. Royal Exchange Assurance Co., Peake 37,
38, 170 Eng. Rep. 70, 71 (N. P. 1790). Similarly, an early-
19th century decision allowed ship surveyors to testify to the
seaworthiness of a vessel they had never seen. Beckwith v.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Sydebotham, 1 Camp. 116, 170 Eng. Rep. 897 (N. P. 1807).
The opposing party objected that the experts did not know
the underlying facts to be true, but the court admitted their
opinions because the experts' technical knowledge could as-
sist the jury. Ibid. The fact that "the truth of the facts
stated to them was not certainly known" went to the weight
of the testimony, not its admissibility. Ibid.
Throughout the 19th and into the 20th century, experts
generally testifed in the form of an opinion in response to a
hypothetical question. An attorney would ask an expert to
assume that certain facts were true and would then query
whether a particular conclusion could conceivably follow.
See 3 S. Saltzburg, M. Martin, D. Capra, & J. Berch, Federal
Rules of Evidence Manual.02 (13th ed. 2023).
This procedure was highly artifcial because it bore little
resemblance to the way in which experts actually form opin-
ions. And the procedure surely did not conform to the way
lay jurors think and speak.
810 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

The procedure's aim was to prevent a jury from jumping
to the conclusion that the facts packed into the hypothetical
were true, but it is questionable whether the practice
achieved that objective. For instance, here is the question
that defense counsel asked a psychiatric witness in Charles
Guiteau's trial for murdering President Garfeld:
"Q.... Assume it to be a fact that there was a strong
hereditary taint of insanity in the blood of the prisoner
at the bar; also that at about the age of thirty-fve years
his mind was so much deranged that he was a ft subject
to be sent to an insane asylum; also that at different
times from that date during the next succeeding fve
years he manifested such decided symptoms of insanity,
without stimulation, that many different persons conver-
sing with him and observing his conduct believed him
to be insane; also that during the month of June, 1881,
at about the expiration of said term of fve years, he
Page Proof Pending Publication
honestly became dominated by the idea that he was in-
spired of God to remove by death the President of the
United States; also that he acted upon what he believed
to be such inspiration, and what he believed to be in
accordance with the Divine will, in preparation for and
in the accomplishment of such purpose; also that he com-
mitted the act of shooting the President under what he
believed to be a Divine command which he was not at
liberty to disobey, and which belief amounted to a con-
viction that controlled his conscience and over-powered
his will as to that act, so that he could not resist the
mental pressure upon him; also that immediately after
the shooting he appeared calm and as one relieved by
the performance of a great duty; also that there was no
other adequate motive for the act than the conviction
that he was executing the Divine will for the good of his
country -- assuming all these propositions to be true,
state whether in your opinion the prisoner was sane or
insane at the time of shooting President Garfeld?
 Cite as: (2024) 811

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

"A. Assuming those to be true, I should say the prisoner
was insane." C. Rosenberg, The Trial of the Assassin
Guiteau 144 -- 145 (1968) (Rosenberg).
How likely is it that a jury hearing a question like that would
keep in mind that all the facts loaded into the question were
merely hypothetical and not necessarily supported by the
evidence in the case?
The Guiteau example illustrates many other problems with
hypothetical questioning. For one, hypothetical questions
were "diffcult for the attorneys to frame, for the court to
rule on, and for the jury to understand." M. Ladd, Expert
Testimony, 5 Vand. L. Rev. 414, 425 (1952) (Ladd). Like the
question above, the hypotheticals were often "so built up and
contrived" that they were impossible for either the jury or
the expert to follow. 1 J. Wigmore, Evidence 1095 (2d ed.
1923) (1 Wigmore 2d); accord, Ladd 427. One case involved
a hypothetical that extended over "eighty-three pages of
Page Proof Pending Publication
typewritten transcript, and an objection involved in fourteen
pages more of the record." Treadwell v. Nickel, 194 Cal.
243, 266, 228 P. 25, 35 (1924). Such questions required an
expert to have the extraordinary ability "to comprehend in
one mental operation the entirety of what has been asked so
as to give any answer." Ladd 427; see, e. g., Editorials, The
Hypothetical Question Again, 24 J. Crim. L. & C. 517, 517 -- 
519 (1933). And juries surely found following lengthy hypo-
theticals even more mystifying.
For another, lawyers often used hypotheticals as a preview
of their closing arguments. See, e.g., Rosenberg 144 ("As-
sume... that he committed the act of shooting the President
under what he believed to be a Divine command which he
was not at liberty to disobey... so that he could not resist
the mental pressure upon him"); see also S. Gross, Expert
Evidence, 1991 Wis. L. Rev. 1113, 1162 (Gross); 1 Wigmore
2d, at 1095; Ladd 426. In doing so, they sometimes
sneaked in "irrelevant" information, Gross 1162, and ex-
cluded necessary details, W. White, Insanity and the Crimi-
812 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

nal Law 86 (1923) (White) (describing the hypothetical ques-
tion as "eliminat[ing] from consideration every human
element which every common-sense man takes into consider-
ation when he formulates an opinion"). One medical expert
declared that he "ha[d] never known a hypothetical question,
in a trial involving the mental condition of the defendant,
which in [his] opinion offered a fair presentation of the case."
Ibid. As a result, experts either provided answers that
were entirely disconnected from "the actual case," 1 Wig-
more 2d, at 1095, or else they ignored the hypothetical
altogether, White 87.
Because opposing counsel often disagreed for strategic
reasons about which facts should be included in a hypotheti-
cal, constructing a hypothetical that the judge would permit
was often a tricky and contentious business. If counsel did
not include enough facts to satisfy opposing counsel, the hy-
pothetical would be met with an objection, and its suffciency
Page Proof Pending Publication
would provide grist for an appeal. F. Rossi, Expert Wit-
nesses 114 (1991). The threat of dragging out litigation led
counsel to make their hypotheticals even longer and more
confusing. Ibid.
By the early-20th century, this form of testimony was
scorned. In the second edition of his treatise, issued in 1923,
Wigmore proclaimed the hypothetical question "that feature
which does most to disgust men of science with the law of
Evidence." 1 Wigmore 2d, at 1094. Around the same
time, Judge Learned Hand labeled hypotheticals "the most
horifc and grotesque wen upon the fair face of justice." Ad-
dress of L. Hand: The Defciencies of Trials to Reach the
Heart of the Matter, in Lectures on Legal Topics, 1921 -- 1922,
p. 104 (1926). Professor Charles T. McCormick described
hypotheticals as "an obstruction to the administration of
justice." Some Observations Upon the Opinion Rule and
Expert Testimony, 23 Texas L. Rev. 109, 128 (1945) (Mc-
Cormick). Experts shared these concerns; one lamented
 Cite as: (2024) 813

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

that lawyers' use of hypothetical questions was often "so
unfair and confusing and degrading that it does not clarify
the issue nor help achieve justice." H. Hulbert, Psychiatric
Testimony in Probate Proceedings, 2 Law & Contemp. Prob.
448, 455 (1935). Eventually, the use of hypothetical ques-
tions was "nearly universally recognized as a practical disas-
ter" by lawyers, judges, and witnesses alike. Kaye.4,
at 189.
This state of affairs sparked efforts to eliminate hypotheti-
cal questions as a requirement. See, e.g., 1 Wigmore 2d, at 1094 ("The Hypothetical Question must go, as a re-
quirement. Its abuses have become so obstructive and nau-
seous that no remedy short of extirpation will suffce" (em-
phasis deleted)). Change began frst in the courts, which
allowed experts to sit through trial and then provide their
opinion " `upon the evidence.' " 3 C. Chamberlayne, Modern
Law of Evidence, 2483, pp. 3343 -- 3346 (1912).
Page Proof Pending Publication
More formalized rule changes soon followed. In 1937, the
Commissioners on Uniform State Laws incorporated a provi-
sion in their Model Expert Testimony Act that permitted
experts to give their opinions without preliminarily disclos-
ing their underlying facts or data. Advisory Committee's
Notes on Fed. Rule Evid. 705. In quick succession, both the
Model Code of Evidence, issued by the American Law Insti-
tute in 1942, and the Uniform Rules of Evidence, approved
by the American Bar Association in 1953, recommended
abandonment of hypothetical questions. See ALI, Model
Code of Evidence Rule 409, Comment b, p. 211 (the hypothet-
ical question "has been so grossly abused as to be almost a
scandal"); Uniform Rules of Evidence, Rule 58, Comment, p.
194 ("This rule does away with the necessity of following the
practice (grossly abused) of using the hypothetical ques-
tion"). In 1972, the Federal Rules of Evidence followed suit
with Rules 703 and 705, and many States made similar
changes.
814 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

B
What replaced hypotheticals was the procedure exempli-
fed by the Federal Rules of Evidence.* Rule 703 provides
that an expert's opinion may be based on "facts or data in the
case that the expert has been made aware of or personally
observed." And "[u]nless the court orders otherwise," Rule
705 permits the expert to "state an opinion -- and give the
reasons for it -- without frst testifying to the underlying
facts or data."
These facts or data need not be "admissible" in evidence,
and they are not admitted for the truth of what they assert.
Fed. Rule Evid. 703. Instead, these facts or data may,
under some circumstances, be disclosed to the jury for a lim-
ited purpose: to assist the jurors in judging the weight that
should be given to the expert's opinion. Ibid. However,
this is not allowed unless the court determines that "their
probative value in helping the jury evaluate the [expert's]
Page Proof Pending Publication
opinion substantially outweighs their prejudicial effect."
Ibid. And to prevent the jury from improperly relying on
basis testimony for the truth of the matters it asserts, a
judge must instruct the jury upon request to consider such
evidence only to assess the quality of the expert's testimony
(i.e., to determine whether an expert's statements are reli-
able). See Advisory Committee's Notes on Fed. Rule Evid.
703, 28 U. S. C. App., p. 393; Fed. Rule Evid. 105 ("If the
court admits evidence that is admissible... for a [limited]
purpose -- but not... for another purpose -- the court, on
timely request, must restrict the evidence to its proper scope
and instruct the jury accordingly").

*I refer to the Federal Rules to illustrate the consequences of the
Court's opinion. The witness in this case testifed in an Arizona state
court, and his testimony was therefore governed by the relevant state
rules, which are virtually identical to the Federal Rules. Of course, the
Arizona courts are free to interpret those rules as they see ft, and I do
not address the question whether the witness's testimony was proper
under Arizona law.
 Cite as: (2024) 815

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

This procedure is sensitive to the risk of jurors' mistakenly
treating an expert's basis testimony as evidence of the truth
of the facts of data upon which the expert relied. The Rules
provide important safeguards against this danger, such as
the stringent "probative value versus potential prejudice"
test and the requirement that a limiting instruction be given
upon request. Plus, of course, an expert's lack of personal
knowledge of the "facts or data" that are called to his atten-
tion can be brought out in cross examination and stressed in
a closing argument.
This modern system is more honest because it refects how
experts actually form opinions. See Advisory Committee's
Notes on Fed. Rule Evid. 703, at 393 (describing the Rule as
"designed to... bring the judicial practice into line with the
practice of the experts themselves when not in court"). It
is simpler and less likely to confuse. And it avoids many of
the pitfalls of the old procedure. It may not be perfect -- 
and evidence scholars have proposed a variety of reforms -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
but it is unquestionably better than the old regime it
replaced.
II
In light of the woeful history of expert testimony by hypo-
theticals, why has the Court disinterred that procedural
monstrosity? The Court reasons that "[i]f an expert for the
prosecution conveys an out-of-court statement in support of
his opinion, and the statement supports that opinion only if
true, then the statement has been offered for the truth of
what it asserts." Ante, at 795. Or put differently, "the
truth of the basis testimony is what makes it useful to the
prosecutor; that is what supplies the predicate for -- and thus
gives value to -- the state expert's opinion." Ibid. In other
words, the Court seems to think that all basis testimony is
necessarily offered for its truth.
This is just plain wrong. What makes basis evidence
"useful" is the assistance it gives the fact-fnder in judging
the weight that should be given to the expert's opinion. See
816 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

Advisory Committee's Notes on Rule 703, at 394 (basis testi-
mony may be brought before a jury to help it "evaluate the... opinion"). And a trial judge must, upon request, instruct
the jury to consider it only for that purpose. If a judge rules
that basis evidence is not admitted for its truth and so in-
structs the jury, where does the Court discern a Confronta-
tion Clause problem?
The only possible explanation is that the Court believes
that juries are incapable of following such an instruction, but
that conclusion is inconsistent with commonplace trial prac-
tice and with a whole string of our decisions. It is a routine
matter for trial judges to instruct juries that evidence is ad-
mitted for only a limited purpose. This Court acknowledged
as much in United States v. Abel, (1984), when
it noted that "there is no rule of evidence which provides
that testimony admissible for one purpose and inadmissible
for another purpose is thereby rendered inadmissible; quite
the contrary is the case." Id., at 56. In such instances,
Page Proof Pending Publication
courts use limiting instructions. See Fed. Rule Evid. 105; 1
R. Mosteller et al., McCormick on Evidence, pp. 481 -- 483
(8th ed. 2020).
And this Court has repeatedly upheld that practice -- even
in "situations with potentially life-and-death stakes for de-
fendants" and even with respect to statements that are
"some of the most compelling evidence of guilt available to a
jury," Samia v. United States, -- 647 (2023).
These decisions "credi[t] jurors by refusing to assume that
they are either `too ignorant to comprehend, or were too un-
mindful of their duty to respect, instructions' of the court."
Id., at 647. Indeed, we have described the assumption
" `that juries will follow the instructions given them by the
trial judge' " as " `crucial' " to "the system of trial by jury."
Marshall v. Lonberger, (1983) ); accord, Francis
v. Franklin, -- 325, (1985).
A brief survey of prior decisions shows how frmly this
Court has adhered to that practice. In Harris v. New York,
 Cite as: (2024) 817

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

(1971), the Court held that statements obtained
from a defendant in violation of Miranda v. Arizona, (1966), could be introduced to impeach that defend-
ant's credibility, so long as the jury was instructed not to
consider them as evidence of his guilt. In Walder v. United
States, (1954), the Court affrmed the use of evi-
dence obtained in violation of the Fourth Amendment for
impeachment when the trial court had "carefully charged the
jury" that it could not be considered evidence of guilt. Id.,
at 64. In Spencer v. Texas, (1967), the Court
upheld the admission of evidence of the defendant's prior
criminal convictions for the purpose of sentence enhance-
ment, provided that the jury was instructed that this evi-
dence could not be used in determining guilt. In Watkins
v. Sowders, (1981), the Court presumed that
a jury could properly evaluate an eyewitness identifcation
"under the instructions of the trial judge." Id., at 347.
And in Tennessee v. Street, (1985), the Court
Page Proof Pending Publication
approved the admission of an accomplice's incriminating con-
fession given the "pointe[d] instruct[ions] [of] the trial court
`not to consider the truthfulness of [the confession] in any
way whatsoever.' " Id., at 414 -- 415.
Most recently in Samia, we held that a limiting instruction
was suffcient to defeat a Confrontation Clause claim. In
that homicide case, evidence showed that Samia had traveled
with his codefendant Stillwell to the Philippines to commit a
murder for hire. 599 U. S., at 640. The trial court admitted
Stillwell's confession, which, as redacted, stated that he was
in a van with some "other person" when that person shot the
victim, but the court told the jury that the confession could
be considered only for the purpose of determining whether
Stillwell himself was guilty. Id., at 642. Samia argued that
admitting the confession even with the limiting instruction
would inevitably prejudice him because "other evidence and
statements at trial enabled the jury to immediately infer that
the `other person' described in the confession was Samia him-
self." Ibid. Nevertheless, we presumed that the jury was
818 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

able to follow the limiting instruction, and we therefore af-
frmed Samia's murder conviction.
Our cases have recognized only one situation in which a
limiting instruction is insuffcient: where a defendant is di-
rectly incriminated by the extrajudicial statements of a non-
testifying codefendant. Bruton v. United States, (1968). We have declined to extend that exception, see
Samia, 599 U. S., at 654, and the evidence in question in Bru-
ton cases is worlds away from an expert's basis testimony.
If the Court thinks otherwise, it needs to explain why basis
testimony falls into the Bruton category and creates a
greater risk of juror confusion than all the other situations
in which the Court has assumed that jurors are capable of
following limiting instructions.

III
The Court's assault on modern evidence law is not only
Page Proof Pending Publication
wrongheaded; it is totally unnecessary. Today's decision va-
cates the Arizona court's judgment because the testifying
expert's testimony was hearsay. I agree with that bottom
line, but not because of the majority's novel theory that basis
testimony is always hearsay. Rather, I would vacate and
remand because the expert's testimony is hearsay under any
mainstream conception, including that of the Federal Rules
of Evidence.
To understand why, begin with the facts. A state forensic
scientist, Elizabeth Rast, tested items seized from the de-
fendant and concluded that they were marijuana and meth-
amphetamine. Rast took notes of her tests, see App. to Pet.
for Cert. 88a -- 126a, and she signed a report confrming the
results, see id., at 85a -- 87a. At trial, Rast was unavailable,
so the prosecution called another forensic scientist, Greggory
Longoni, to provide his expert opinion about the testing, and
Longoni relied on Rast's report in doing so.
Under Rules 703 and 705, Longoni could have offered his
expert opinion that, based on the information in Rast's re-
 Cite as: (2024) 819

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

port and notes, the items she tested contained marijuana or
methamphetamine. In so answering, he would acknowledge
that he relied on Rast's report and lab notes to reach his
opinion. He could have also disclosed the information in the
report, if the court found that the probative value of that
information substantially outweighed the risk of prejudice.
See Fed. Rule Evid. 703. But he could not testify that any
of the information in the report was correct -- for instance,
that Rast actually performed the tests she recorded or that
she did so correctly. Nor could he testify that the items she
tested were the ones seized from Smith. Longoni did not
have personal knowledge of any of these facts, and it is un-
clear what "reliable" scientifc "methods" could lead him to
intuit their truth from Rast's records. Fed. Rule Evid.
702(c) (defning a permissible expert opinion).
The strictures of the Federal Rules here track the require-
ments of our Confrontation Clause precedents. If Longoni
Page Proof Pending Publication
testifed to the truth of the fact that Rast actually performed
the tests indicated in her report and notes and that she car-
ried out those tests properly, he violated the Confrontation
Clause -- assuming, of course, that the notes were "testimo-
nial," a question that the Court does not reach. But he
would also violate the Federal Rules, which do not allow
experts to testify to the truth of inadmissible hearsay. In
other words, except for the question whether Rast's report
was "testimonial," the Federal Rules and the requirements
of the Confrontation Clause are the same. This case thus
offers no occasion to blow up the Federal Rules.
As it happens, I agree with the Court that Longoni
stepped over the line and at times testifed to the truth of the
matter asserted. The prosecution asked Longoni on several
occasions to describe the tests that Rast performed or to swear
to their accuracy, and Longoni played along. He stated
as fact that Rast followed the lab's "typical intake process"
and that she complied with the "policies and practices" of the
lab. App. to Pet. for Cert. 40a -- 42a. He also testifed that
820 SMITH v. ARIZONA

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

Rast used certain "scientifc method[s]" to analyze the sam-
ples, such as performing certain tests or running a "blank."
Id., at 41a -- 42a, 46a -- 48a. By asserting these facts as true,
Longoni effectively entered inadmissible hearsay into the
record, thus implicating the Confrontation Clause. The
Court could have said that -- and stopped there.
* * *
For more than a half-century, the Federal Rules of Evi-
dence and similar state rules have reasonably allowed ex-
perts to disclose the information underlying their opinion.
Because the Court places this form of testimony in constitu-
tional doubt in many cases, I concur only in the judgment.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 788, line 19: "opinion" is inserted before "concurring"
p. 815, line 14: "in" is replaced with "into"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 603 U. S. Part 1
Pages 707 -- 798

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
July 1, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2023 707

Syllabus

MOODY, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF FLORIDA, et al.
v. NETCHOICE, LLC, dba NETCHOICE, et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the eleventh circuit
No. 22 -- 277. Argued February 26, 2024 -- Decided July 1, 2024*
In 2021, Florida and Texas enacted statutes regulating large social-media
companies and other internet platforms. The States' laws differ in the
entities they cover and the activities they limit. But both curtail the
platforms' capacity to engage in content moderation -- to flter, prioritize,
and label the varied third-party messages, videos, and other content
their users wish to post. Both laws also include individualized-
explanation provisions, requiring a platform to give reasons to a user if
it removes or alters her posts.
NetChoice LLC and the Computer & Communications Industry Asso-
ciation (collectively, NetChoice) -- trade associations whose members in-
clude Facebook and YouTube -- brought facial First Amendment chal-
lenges against the two laws. District courts in both States entered
Page Proof Pending Publication
preliminary injunctions.
The Eleventh Circuit upheld the injunction of Florida's law, as to all
provisions relevant here. The court held that the State's restrictions
on content moderation trigger First Amendment scrutiny under this
Court's cases protecting "editorial discretion." 34 F. 4th 1196, 1209,
1216. The court then concluded that the content-moderation provi-
sions are unlikely to survive heightened scrutiny. Id., at 1227 -- 1228.
Similarly, the Eleventh Circuit thought the statute's individualized-
explanation requirements likely to fall. Relying on Zauderer v. Offce
of Disciplinary Counsel of Supreme Court of Ohio, the
court held that the obligation to explain "millions of [decisions] per day"
is "unduly burdensome and likely to chill platforms' protected speech."
34 F. 4th, at 1230.
The Fifth Circuit disagreed across the board, and so reversed the
preliminary injunction of the Texas law. In that court's view, the plat-
forms' content-moderation activities are "not speech" at all, and so do
not implicate the First Amendment. 49 F. 4th 439, 466, 494. But even
if those activities were expressive, the court determined the State could

*Together with No. 22 -- 555, NetChoice, LLC, dba NetChoice, et al. v.
Paxton, Attorney General of Texas, on certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
708 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Syllabus

regulate them to advance its interest in "protecting a diversity of
ideas. " Id., at 482. The court further held that the statute's
individualized-explanation provisions would likely survive, even assum-
ing the platforms were engaged in speech. It found no undue burden
under Zauderer because the platforms needed only to "scale up" a
"complaint-and-appeal process" they already used. 49 F. 4th, at 487.
Held: The judgments are vacated, and the cases are remanded, because
neither the Eleventh Circuit nor the Fifth Circuit conducted a proper
analysis of the facial First Amendment challenges to Florida and Texas
laws regulating large internet platforms. Pp. 723 -- 745.
(a) NetChoice's decision to litigate these cases as facial challenges
comes at a cost. The Court has made facial challenges hard to win. In
the First Amendment context, a plaintiff must show that "a substantial
number of [the law's] applications are unconstitutional, judged in relation
to the statute's plainly legitimate sweep." Americans for Prosperity
Foundation v. Bonta,.
So far in these cases, no one has paid much attention to that issue.
Analysis and arguments below focused mainly on how the laws applied
to the content-moderation practices that giant social-media platforms
use on their best-known services to flter, alter, or label their users'
Page Proof Pending Publication
posts, i. e., on how the laws applied to the likes of Facebook's News
Feed and YouTube's homepage. They did not address the full range of
activities the laws cover, and measure the constitutional against the
unconstitutional applications.
The proper analysis begins with an assessment of the state laws'
scope. The laws appear to apply beyond Facebook's News Feed and its
ilk. But it's not clear to what extent, if at all, they affect social-media
giants' other services, like direct messaging, or what they have to say
about other platforms and functions. And before a court can do any-
thing else with these facial challenges, it must "determine what [the
law] covers." United States v. Hansen,.
The next order of business is to decide which of the laws' applications
violate the First Amendment, and to measure them against the rest.
For the content-moderation provisions, that means asking, as to every
covered platform or function, whether there is an intrusion on protected
editorial discretion. And for the individualized-explanation provisions,
it means asking, again as to each thing covered, whether the required
disclosures unduly burden expression. See Zauderer, 471 U. S., at 651.
Because this is "a court of review, not of frst view," Cutter v. Wilkin-
son,, this Court cannot undertake the needed
inquiries. And because neither the Eleventh nor the Fifth Circuit per-
 Cite as: (2024) 709

Syllabus

formed the facial analysis in the way described above, their decisions
must be vacated and the cases remanded. Pp. 723 -- 726.
(b) It is necessary to say more about how the First Amendment re-
lates to the laws' content-moderation provisions, to ensure that the fa-
cial analysis proceeds on the right path in the courts below. That need
is especially stark for the Fifth Circuit, whose decision rested on a seri-
ous misunderstanding of First Amendment precedent and principle.
Pp. 726 -- 743.
(1) The Court has repeatedly held that ordering a party to provide
a forum for someone else's views implicates the First Amendment if,
though only if, the regulated party is engaged in its own expressive
activity, which the mandated access would alter or disrupt. First, in
Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tornillo, the Court held
that a Florida law requiring a newspaper to give a political candidate a
right to reply to critical coverage interfered with the newspaper's "exer-
cise of editorial control and judgment." Id., at 243, 258. Florida could
not, the Court explained, override the newspaper's decisions about the
"content of the paper" and "[t]he choice of material to go into" it, be-
cause that would substitute "governmental regulation" for the "crucial
process" of editorial choice. Id., at 258. The next case, Pacifc Gas &
Elec. Co. v. Public Util. Comm'n of Cal., involved Califor-
Page Proof Pending Publication
nia's attempt to force a private utility to include material from a certain
consumer-advocacy group in its regular newsletter to consumers. The
Court held that an interest in "offer[ing] the public a greater variety of
views" could not justify compelling the utility "to carry speech with
which it disagreed" and thus to "alter its own message." Id., at 11, 12, 16. Then in Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v. FCC, the Court considered federal "must-carry" rules, which required
cable operators to allocate certain channels to local broadcast stations.
The Court had no doubt the First Amendment was implicated, because
the rules "interfere[d]" with the cable operators' "editorial discretion
over which stations or programs to include in [their] repertoire." Id., at
636, 643 -- 644. The capstone of this line of precedents, Hurley v. Irish-
American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston, Inc., held that the First Amendment prevented Massachusetts from com-
pelling parade organizers to admit as a participant a gay and lesbian
group seeking to convey a message of "pride." Id., at 561. It held that
ordering the group's admittance would "alter the expressive content of
the parade," and that the decision to exclude the group's message was
the organizers' alone. Id., at 572 -- 574.
From that slew of individual cases, three general points emerge.
First, the First Amendment offers protection when an entity engaged
710 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Syllabus

in compiling and curating others' speech into an expressive product of
its own is directed to accommodate messages it would prefer to exclude.
Second, none of that changes just because a compiler includes most
items and excludes just a few. It "is enough" for the compiler to ex-
clude the handful of messages it most "disfavor[s]." Id., at 574. Third,
the government cannot get its way just by asserting an interest in bet-
ter balancing the marketplace of ideas. In case after case, the Court
has barred the government from forcing a private speaker to present
views it wished to spurn in order to rejigger the expressive realm.
Pp. 727 -- 733.
(2) "[W]hatever the challenges of applying the Constitution to ever-
advancing technology, the basic principles" of the First Amendment "do
not vary." Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Assn.,. And the principles elaborated in the above-summarized decisions
establish that Texas is not likely to succeed in enforcing its law against
the platforms' application of their content-moderation policies to their
main feeds.
Facebook's News Feed and YouTube's homepage present users with
a continually updating, personalized stream of other users' posts. The
key to the scheme is prioritization of content, achieved through algo-
rithms. The selection and ranking is most often based on a user's ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pressed interests and past activities, but it may also be based on other
factors, including the platform's preferences. Facebook's Community
Standards and YouTube's Community Guidelines detail the messages
and videos that the platforms disfavor. The platforms write algorithms
to implement those standards -- for example, to prefer content deemed
particularly trustworthy or to suppress content viewed as deceptive.
Beyond ranking content, platforms may add labels, to give users addi-
tional context. And they also remove posts entirely that contain pro-
hibited subjects or messages, such as pornography, hate speech, and
misinformation on certain topics. The platforms thus unabashedly con-
trol the content that will appear to users.
Texas's law, though, limits their power to do so. Its central provision
prohibits covered platforms from "censor[ing]" a "user's expression"
based on the "viewpoint" it contains. Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code
Ann..002(a)(2). The platforms thus cannot do any of the things
they typically do (on their main feeds) to posts they disapprove -- can-
not demote, label, or remove them -- whenever the action is based on
the post's viewpoint. That limitation profoundly alters the platforms'
choices about the views they convey.
The Court has repeatedly held that type of regulation to interfere
with protected speech. Like the editors, cable operators, and parade
organizers this Court has previously considered, the major social-media
 Cite as: (2024) 711

Syllabus

platforms curate their feeds by combining "multifarious voices" to cre-
ate a distinctive expressive offering. Hurley, 515 U. S., at 569. Their
choices about which messages are appropriate give the feed a particular
expressive quality and "constitute the exercise" of protected "editorial
control." Tornillo, 418 U. S., at 258. And the Texas law targets those
expressive choices by forcing the platforms to present and promote con-
tent on their feeds that they regard as objectionable.
That those platforms happily convey the lion's share of posts sub-
mitted to them makes no signifcant First Amendment difference. In
Hurley, the Court held that the parade organizers' "lenient" admissions
policy did "not forfeit" their right to reject the few messages they found
harmful or offensive. 515 U. S., at 569. Similarly here, that Facebook
and YouTube convey a mass of messages does not license Texas to pro-
hibit them from deleting posts they disfavor. Pp. 733 -- 740.
(3) The interest Texas relies on cannot sustain its law. In the
usual First Amendment case, the Court must decide whether to apply
strict or intermediate scrutiny. But here, Texas's law does not pass
even the less stringent form of review. Under that standard, a law
must further a "substantial governmental interest" that is "unrelated to
the suppression of free expression." United States v. O'Brien,. Many possible interests relating to social media can meet that
Page Proof Pending Publication
test. But Texas's asserted interest relates to the suppression of free
expression, and it is not valid, let alone substantial.
Texas has never been shy, and always been consistent, about its inter-
est: The objective is to correct the mix of viewpoints that major plat-
forms present. But a State may not interfere with private actors'
speech to advance its own vision of ideological balance. States (and
their citizens) are of course right to want an expressive realm in which
the public has access to a wide range of views. But the way the First
Amendment achieves that goal is by preventing the government from
"tilt[ing] public debate in a preferred direction," Sorrell v. IMS Health
Inc., -- 579, not by licensing the government to stop
private actors from speaking as they wish and preferring some views
over others. A State cannot prohibit speech to rebalance the speech
market. That unadorned interest is not "unrelated to the suppression
of free expression." And Texas may not pursue it consistent with the
First Amendment. Pp. 740 -- 743.
No. 22 -- 277, 34 F. 4th 1196; No. 22 -- 555, 49 F. 4th 439, vacated and
remanded.

Kagan, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Sotomayor, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ., joined in full, and in
which Jackson, J., joined as to Parts I, II, and III -- A. Barrett, J., fled
712 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Syllabus

a concurring opinion, post, p. 745. Jackson, J., fled an opinion concurring
in part and concurring in the judgment, post, p. 748. Thomas, J., fled an
opinion concurring in the judgment, post, p. 749. Alito, J., fled an opin-
ion concurring in the judgment, in which Thomas and Gorsuch, JJ.,
joined, post, p. 766.

Henry C. Whitaker, Solicitor General of Florida, argued
the cause for petitioners in No. 22 -- 277. With him on the
briefs were Ashley Moody, Attorney General, Daniel W. Bell
and Jeffrey Paul DeSousa, Chief Deputy Solicitors General,
Christopher J. Baum, Senior Deputy Solicitor General,
Kevin A. Golembiewski and Evan Ezray, Deputy Solicitors
General, Darrick W. Monson and Alison E. Preston, Assist-
ant Solicitors General, Charles J. Cooper, David H. Thomp-
son, Brian W. Barnes, and John D. Ohlendorf.
Paul D. Clement argued the cause for respondents in No.
22 -- 277 and petitioners in No. 22 -- 555. With him on the
briefs in both cases were Erin E. Murphy and James Y. Xi.
With him on the briefs in No. 22 -- 555 were Scott A. Keller
Page Proof Pending Publication
and Steven P. Lehotsky.
Solicitor General Prelogar argued the cause for the
United States as amicus curiae urging affrmance in No. 22 -- 
277 and reversal in No. 22 -- 555. With her on the brief were
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton,
Deputy Solicitor General Fletcher, Colleen E. Roh Sinzdak,
Mark R. Freeman, Daniel Tenny, and Daniel Winik.
Aaron L. Nielson, Solicitor General of Texas, argued the
cause for respondent in No. 22 -- 555. With him on the brief
were Ken Paxton, Attorney General, Lanora C. Pettit, Prin-
cipal Deputy Solicitor General, Michael R. Abrams and
William F. Cole, Assistant Solicitors General, Coy Allen
Westbrook, Assistant Attorney General, Brent Webster, First
Assistant Attorney General, and Ryan S. Baasch, Chief,
Consumer Protection Division.†

†Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal in No. 22 -- 277 and affrmance in
No. 22 -- 555 were fled in both cases for American Principles Project by
Theodore M. Cooperstein; for Amicus Populi by Mitchell Keiter; for the
Babylon Bee, LLC, et al. by Patrick Strawbridge, Kelly J. Shackelford,
 Cite as: (2024) 713

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.‡
Not even thirty years ago, this Court felt the need to ex-
plain to the opinion-reading public that the "Internet is an

Jeffrey C. Mateer, David J. Hacker, and Jeremiah G. Dys; for the Heart-
land Institute by James R. Lawrence III; for iTexasPolitics, LLC, dba The
Texan, et al. by Evan M. Goldberg; for Legal Scholars Adam Candeub
et al. by Kenneth J. Weatherwax and Gregory R. Smith; for The Ruther-
ford Institute by John W. Whitehead; for the World Faith Foundation by
James L. Hirsen and Deborah J. Dewart; and for Eric Rasmusen by James
Bopp, Jr.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance in No. 22 -- 277 and reversal in
No. 22 -- 555 were fled in both cases for the American Jewish Committee
by Michael J. Gottlieb and Aaron E. Nathan; for the Americans for Pros-
perity Foundation by Cynthia Fleming Crawford; for Article 19: Global
Campaign for Free Expression et al. by Megan Coker and Kelli Bills; for
the Cato Institute by Thomas A. Berry and Anastasia P. Boden; for the
Center for Democracy & Technology by Andrew J. Pincus; for the Center
for Growth and Opportunity et al. by Andrew C. Nichols; for the Chamber
Page Proof Pending Publication
of Commerce of the United States of America by Michael R. Dreeben and
Jennifer B. Dickey; for Chamber of Progress et al. by Mark W. Brennan
and Joseph S. Miller; for the Developers Alliance et al. by Ari Holtzblatt
and Hannah E. Gelbort; for Discord Inc. by Rebecca Tushnet; for Engine
Advocacy by Benjamin W. Berkowitz; for the Foundation for Individual
Rights and Expression by Robert Corn-Revere and Abigail E. Smith; for
the International Center for Law & Economics by Constance H. Pfeiffer
and Jason LaFond; for the Internet Society by Raechel Keay Kummer
and James D. Nelson; for the Liberty Justice Center by Jacob Huebert
and M. E. Buck Dougherty III; for the Media Law Resource Center, Inc.,
by George Freeman; for Professors of History by Theodore J. Boutrous,
Jr., and Lee R. Crain; for Protect the First Foundation by Gene C. Schaerr,
H. Christopher Bartolomucci, and Hannah C. Smith; for Public Knowl-
edge by John Bergmayer; for the Reason Foundation et al. by Erik S.
Jaffe; for Reddit, Inc., by Michael R. Huston; for the Reporters Commit-
tee for Freedom of the Press et al. by Bruce D. Brown and David D. Cole;
for TechFreedom by Corbin K. Barthold; for the Trust & Safety Founda-
tion by Ian C. Ballon, Lori Chang, and Bethany J. M. Pandher; for the
Washington Legal Foundation by John M. Masslon II and Cory L. An-
drews; for the Wikimedia Foundation by Kathleen R. Hartnett and Adam
Gershenson; for Yelp Inc. by Anna-Rose Mathieson and Jocelyn Sperling;
for Sen. Ben Ray Luján by J. Michael Showalter and Bradley S. Rochlen;
[Footnote ‡ is on page 716]
714 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

international network of interconnected computers." Reno
v. American Civil Liberties Union, (1997).
Things have changed since then. At the time, only 40 mil-
lion people used the internet. See id., at 850. Today, Face-

for Christopher S. Yoo, pro se; and in No. 22 -- 277 for the PEN American
Center et al. by Lynn B. Oberlander, Joseph Slaughter, and Maxwell S.
Mishkin. Jean-Paul Jassy and Michael A. Cheah fled a brief for In-
ternet Works et al. as amici curiae urging affrmance in No. 22 -- 277 and
vacatur in No. 22 -- 555.
Eric A. Hudson fled a brief for Keep the Republic as amicus curiae
urging vacatur in both cases.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled in both cases for the State of Missouri
et al. by Andrew Bailey, Attorney General of Missouri, Joshua M. Divine,
Solicitor General, Maria A. Lanahan, Deputy Solicitor General, and Caleb
Rutledge and Bryce Beal, Assistant Attorneys General, by Dave Yost, At-
torney General of Ohio, Michael Hendershot, Chief Deputy Solicitor Gen-
eral, Nicholas Cordova, Deputy Solicitor General, by Rusty D. Crandell and
Linley Wilson, and by the Attorneys General for their respective States as
follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Treg Taylor of Alaska, Tim Griffn
Page Proof Pending Publication
of Arkansas, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Russell Coleman of Kentucky, Liz
Murrill of Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Austin Knudsen of Mon-
tana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, John M. Formella of New Hamp-
shire, Drew H. Wrigley of North Dakota, Gentner Drummond of Okla-
homa, Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Marty Jackley of South Dakota,
Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee, Sean D. Reyes of Utah, and Jason Miy-
ares of Virginia; for the State of New York et al. by Letitia James, Attor-
ney General of New York, Barbara D. Underwood, Solicitor General, Ester
Murdukhayeva, Deputy Solicitor General, and Sarah Coco, Assistant So-
licitor General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective jurisdic-
tions as follows: Kris Mayes of Arizona, Rob Bonta of California, Philip
J. Weiser of Colorado, William Tong of Connecticut, Kathleen Jennings of
Delaware, Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Anne E. Lopez
of Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M. Frey of Maine, Anthony G.
Brown of Maryland, Andrea Joy Campbell of Massachusetts, Dana Nessel
of Michigan, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Aaron D. Ford of Nevada, Mat-
thew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Joshua H. Stein of North Carolina, Ellen
F. Rosenblum of Oregon, Peter F. Neronha of Rhode Island, Charity R.
Clark of Vermont, Robert W. Ferguson of Washington, and Joshua L. Kaul
of Wisconsin; for the American Center for Law and Justice by Jay Alan
Sekulow, Stuart J. Roth, Jordan A. Sekulow, Colby M. May, Craig L.
Parshall, and Walter M. Weber; for the Anti-Defamation League by Steven
 Cite as: (2024) 715

Opinion of the Court

book and YouTube alone have over two billion users each.
See App. in No. 22 -- 555, p. 67a. And the public likely no
longer needs this Court to defne the internet.

M. Freeman; for the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty by Eric C. Rass-
bach and Mark L. Rienzi; for Bluesky et al. by Catherine R. Gellis; for
the Center for American Liberty by Randall W. Miller and Harmeet K.
Dhillon; for the Center for Business and Human Rights of the Leonard
N. Stern School of Business at New York University by Timothy K. Gil-
man; for the Center for Constitutional Jurisprudence by John C. Eastman
and Anthony T. Caso; for the Center for Social Media and Politics at New
York University et al. by Jacob M. Karr and Jason M. Schultz; for Chil-
dren's Health Defense by Mary Holland; for the Digital Progress Institute
by Joel Thayer; for Economists by Jennifer B. Tatel; for the Electronic
Frontier Foundation et al. by David Greene, Thomas S. Leatherbury, and
Christopher Hopkins; for the Electronic Privacy Information Center by
Alan Butler; for First Amendment and Internet Law Scholars by G. S.
Hans; for the Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence et al. by
Douglas N. Letter, Shira Lauren Feldman, and Kelly M. Percival; for the
Goldwater Institute by Timothy Sandefur; for the Knight First Amend-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment Institute at Columbia University by Scott Wilkens, Ramya Krish-
nan, Alex Abdo, and Jameel Jaffer; for the Lawyers' Committee for Civil
Rights Under Law by Damon Hewitt, Jon Greenbaum, Dariely Rodri-
guez, David Brody, Marc Epstein, Christopher M. Mason, and Seth A.
Horvath; for the Marketplace Industry Association et al. by Eric B. Wolff;
for the Moderators of r/law and r/SCOTUS by Gabriel Latner; for Moms
for Liberty et al. by Alan Gura and Endel Kolde; for National Security
Experts by Mary B. McCord, pro se, Rupa Bhattacharyya, Kelsi Brown
Corkran, and Christopher J. Wright; for the National Taxpayers Union
Foundation by Tyler Martinez; for the Open Markets Institute by Jay L.
Himes; for Former Representative Christopher Cox et al. by David M.
Gossett, Adam S. Sieff, and Ambika Kumar; for Francis Fukuyama by
Seth D. Greenstein and Robert S. Schwartz; for Eric Goldman by Michael
S. Kwun; and for Richard L. Hasen et al. by Richard L. Hasen, pro se.
Richard Polk Lawson, Jessica Hart Steinmann, and John P. Coale fled
a brief for Donald J. Trump as amicus curiae in No. 22 -- 277.
Lawrence J. Spiwak fled a brief for Phoenix Center for Advanced
Legal & Economic Public Policy Studies urging reversal in No. 22 -- 555.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance in No. 22 -- 555 were fled for
Law and History Scholars by Glenn E. Chappell, Hassan A. Zavareei, and
Katherine Van Dyck; for the Life Legal Defense Foundation by Catherine
Short and Sheila A. Green; for Students at Columbia Against Censorship
716 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

These years have brought a dizzying transformation in
how people communicate, and with it a raft of public policy
issues. Social-media platforms, as well as other websites,
have gone from unheard-of to inescapable. They structure
how we relate to family and friends, as well as to businesses,
civic organizations, and governments. The novel services
they offer make our lives better, and make them worse -- 
create unparalleled opportunities and unprecedented dan-
gers. The questions of whether, when, and how to regulate
online entities, and in particular the social-media giants, are
understandably on the front-burner of many legislatures and
agencies. And those government actors will generally be
better positioned than courts to respond to the emerging
challenges social-media entities pose.
But courts still have a necessary role in protecting those
entities' rights of speech, as courts have historically pro-
tected traditional media's rights. To the extent that social-
Page Proof Pending Publication
media platforms create expressive products, they receive the
First Amendment's protection. And although these cases
are here in a preliminary posture, the current record sug-
gests that some platforms, in at least some functions, are
indeed engaged in expression. In constructing certain
feeds, those platforms make choices about what third-party
speech to display and how to display it. They include and
exclude, organize and prioritize -- and in making millions of
those decisions each day, produce their own distinctive com-
pilations of expression. And while much about social media
is new, the essence of that project is something this Court

by Marc A. Greendorfer; for Philip Hamburger by Jonathan F. Mitchell;
for Sen. Josh Hawley, pro se; and for David Mamet by Marc A.
Greendorfer.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance in No. 22 -- 555 were fled in
both cases for the Center for Renewing America by Richard A. Epstein;
for Donald W. Landry by Joel B. Ard; and for Christos A. Makridis by
Jonathan S. Goldstein and Shawn M. Rodgers.
‡Justice Jackson joins Parts I, II, and III -- A of this opinion.
 Cite as: (2024) 717

Opinion of the Court

has seen before. Traditional publishers and editors also se-
lect and shape other parties' expression into their own cu-
rated speech products. And we have repeatedly held that
laws curtailing their editorial choices must meet the First
Amendment's requirements. The principle does not change
because the curated compilation has gone from the physical
to the virtual world. In the latter, as in the former, govern-
ment efforts to alter an edited compilation of third-party ex-
pression are subject to judicial review for compliance with
the First Amendment.
Today, we consider whether two state laws regulating
social-media platforms and other websites facially violate the
First Amendment. The laws, from Florida and Texas, re-
strict the ability of social-media platforms to control whether
and how third-party posts are presented to other users. Or
otherwise put, the laws limit the platforms' capacity to en-
gage in content moderation -- to flter, prioritize, and label
Page Proof Pending Publication
the varied messages, videos, and other content their users
wish to post. In addition, though far less addressed in this
Court, the laws require a platform to provide an individual-
ized explanation to a user if it removes or alters her posts.
NetChoice, an internet trade association, challenged both
laws on their face -- as a whole, rather than as to particular
applications. The cases come to us at an early stage, on re-
view of preliminary injunctions. The Court of Appeals for
the Eleventh Circuit upheld such an injunction, fnding that
the Florida law was not likely to survive First Amendment
review. The Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reversed
a similar injunction, primarily reasoning that the Texas law
does not regulate any speech and so does not implicate the
First Amendment.
Today, we vacate both decisions for reasons separate from
the First Amendment merits, because neither Court of Ap-
peals properly considered the facial nature of NetChoice's
challenge. The courts mainly addressed what the parties
had focused on. And the parties mainly argued these cases
718 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

as if the laws applied only to the curated feeds offered by
the largest and most paradigmatic social-media platforms -- 
as if, say, each case presented an as-applied challenge
brought by Facebook protesting its loss of control over the
content of its News Feed. But argument in this Court re-
vealed that the laws might apply to, and differently affect,
other kinds of websites and apps. In a facial challenge, that
could well matter, even when the challenge is brought under
the First Amendment. As explained below, the question in
such a case is whether a law's unconstitutional applications
are substantial compared to its constitutional ones. To
make that judgment, a court must determine a law's full set
of applications, evaluate which are constitutional and which
are not, and compare the one to the other. Neither court
performed that necessary inquiry.
To do that right, of course, a court must understand what
kind of government actions the First Amendment prohibits.
Page Proof Pending Publication
We therefore set out the relevant constitutional principles,
and explain how one of the Courts of Appeals failed to follow
them. Contrary to what the Fifth Circuit thought, the cur-
rent record indicates that the Texas law does regulate speech
when applied in the way the parties focused on below -- when
applied, that is, to prevent Facebook (or YouTube) from using
its content-moderation standards to remove, alter, organize,
prioritize, or disclaim posts in its News Feed (or homepage).
The law then prevents exactly the kind of editorial judg-
ments this Court has previously held to receive First
Amendment protection. It prevents a platform from com-
piling the third-party speech it wants in the way it wants,
and thus from offering the expressive product that most re-
fects its own views and priorities. Still more, the law -- 
again, in that specifc application -- is unlikely to withstand
First Amendment scrutiny. Texas has thus far justifed the
law as necessary to balance the mix of speech on Facebook's
News Feed and similar platforms; and the record refects
that Texas offcials passed it because they thought those
 Cite as: (2024) 719

Opinion of the Court

feeds skewed against politically conservative voices. But
this Court has many times held, in many contexts, that it is
no job for government to decide what counts as the right
balance of private expression -- to "un-bias" what it thinks
biased, rather than to leave such judgments to speakers and
their audiences. That principle works for social-media plat-
forms as it does for others.
In sum, there is much work to do below on both these
cases, given the facial nature of NetChoice's challenges.
But that work must be done consistent with the First
Amendment, which does not go on leave when social media
are involved.
I
As commonly understood, the term "social media plat-
forms" typically refers to websites and mobile apps that
allow users to upload content -- messages, pictures, videos,
and so on -- to share with others. Those viewing the content
Page Proof Pending Publication
can then react to it, comment on it, or share it themselves.
The biggest social-media companies -- entities like Facebook
and YouTube -- host a staggering amount of content. Face-
book users, for example, share more than 100 billion mes-
sages every day. See App. in No. 22 -- 555, at 67a. And You-
Tube sees more than 500 hours of video uploaded every
minute. See ibid.
In the face of that deluge, the major platforms cull and
organize uploaded posts in a variety of ways. A user does
not see everything -- even everything from the people she
follows -- in reverse-chronological order. The platforms will
have removed some content entirely; ranked or otherwise
prioritized what remains; and sometimes added warnings or
labels. Of particular relevance here, Facebook and YouTube
make some of those decisions in conformity with content-
moderation policies they call Community Standards and
Community Guidelines. Those rules list the subjects or
messages the platform prohibits or discourages -- say, por-
nography, hate speech, or misinformation on select topics.
720 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

The rules thus lead Facebook and YouTube to remove, disfa-
vor, or label various posts based on their content.
In 2021, Florida and Texas enacted statutes regulating
internet platforms, including the large social-media compa-
nies just mentioned. The States' laws differ in the entities
they cover and the activities they limit. But both contain
content-moderation provisions, restricting covered plat-
forms' choices about whether and how to display user-
generated content to the public. And both include
individualized-explanation provisions, requiring platforms to
give reasons for particular content-moderation choices.
Florida's law regulates "social media platforms," as de-
fned expansively, that have annual gross revenue of over
$100 million or more than 100 million monthly active users.
Fla. Stat..2041(1)(g) (2023).1 The statute restricts
varied ways of "censor[ing] " or otherwise disfavoring
posts -- including deleting, altering, labeling, or deprioritizing
them -- based on their content or source..2041(1)(b).
Page Proof Pending Publication
For example, the law prohibits a platform from taking those
actions against "a journalistic enterprise based on the con-
tent of its publication or broadcast.".2041(2)( j). Sim-
ilarly, the law prevents deprioritizing posts by or about polit-
ical candidates. See.2041(2)(h). And the law requires
platforms to apply their content-moderation practices to
users "in a consistent manner.".2041(2)(b).
In addition, the Florida law mandates that a platform pro-
vide an explanation to a user any time it removes or alters any
of her posts. See.2041(2)(d)(1). The requisite notice
must be delivered within seven days, and contain both a "thor-
ough rationale" for the action and an account of how the plat-
form became aware of the targeted material..2041(3).

1
The defnition of "social-media platforms" covers "any information
service, system, Internet search engine, or access software provider" that
"[p]rovides or enables computer access by multiple users to a computer
server, including an Internet platform or a social media site." Fla. Stat..2041(1)(g)(1).
 Cite as: (2024) 721

Opinion of the Court

The Texas law regulates any social-media platform, having
over 50 million monthly active users, that allows its users
"to communicate with other users for the primary purpose
of posting information, comments, messages, or images."
Tex. Bus. & Com. Code Ann..001(1), 120.002(b) (West
2023). 2 With several exceptions, the statute prevents
platforms from "censor[ing]" a user or a user's expression
based on viewpoint. Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann..002(a), 143A.006 (West Cum. Supp. 2023). That ban
on "censor[ing]" covers any action to "block, ban, remove,
deplatform, demonetize, de-boost, restrict, deny equal access
or visibility to, or otherwise discriminate against expres-
sion.".001(1). The statute also requires that "con-
currently with the removal" of user content, the platform
shall "notify the user" and "explain the reason the content
was removed.".103(a)(1). The user gets a right of ap-
peal, and the platform must address an appeal within 14
days. See.103(a)(2), 120.104.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Soon after Florida and Texas enacted those statutes, Net-
Choice LLC and the Computer & Communications Indus-
try Association (collectively, NetChoice) -- trade associations
whose members include Facebook and YouTube -- brought fa-
cial First Amendment challenges against the two laws. Dis-
trict courts in both States entered preliminary injunctions,
halting the laws' enforcement. See 546 F. Supp. 3d 1082,
1096 (ND Fla. 2021); 573 F. Supp. 3d 1092, 1117 (WD Tex.
2021). Each court held that the suit before it is likely to
succeed because the statute infringes on the constitutionally
protected "editorial judgment" of NetChoice's members
about what material they will display. See 546 F. Supp. 3d,
at 1090; 573 F. Supp. 3d, at 1107.

2
The statute further clarifes that it does not cover internet service
providers, email providers, and any online service, website, or app consist-
ing "primarily of news, sports, entertainment, or other information or con-
tent that is not user generated but is preselected by the provider.".001(1).
722 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

The Eleventh Circuit upheld the injunction of Florida's
law, as to all provisions relevant here. The court held that
the State's restrictions on content moderation trigger First
Amendment scrutiny under this Court's cases protecting
"editorial discretion." 34 F. 4th 1196, 1209, 1216 (2022).
When a social-media platform "removes or deprioritizes a
user or post," the court explained, it makes a "judgment
rooted in the platform's own views about the sorts of con-
tent and viewpoints that are valuable and appropriate for
dissemination." Id., at 1210. The court concluded that
the content-moderation provisions are unlikely to survive
"intermediate -- let alone strict -- scrutiny," because a State
has no legitimate interest in counteracting "private `censor-
ship' " by "tilt[ing] public debate in a preferred direction."
Id., at 1227 -- 1228. Similarly, the Eleventh Circuit thought
the statute's individualized-explanation requirements likely
to fall. Applying the standard from Zauderer v. Offce of
Page Proof Pending Publication
Disciplinary Counsel of Supreme Court of Ohio, (1985), the court held that the obligation to explain "mil-
lions of [decisions] per day" is "unduly burdensome and likely
to chill platforms' protected speech." 34 F. 4th, at 1230.
The Fifth Circuit disagreed across the board, and so re-
versed the preliminary injunction before it. In that court's
view, the platforms' content-moderation activities are "not
speech" at all, and so do not implicate the First Amendment.
49 F. 4th 439, 466, 494 (2022). But even if those activities
were expressive, the court continued, the State could regu-
late them to advance its interest in "protecting a diversity
of ideas." Id., at 482 (emphasis deleted). The court further
held that the statute's individualized-explanation provisions
would likely survive, again even assuming that the platforms
were engaged in speech. Those requirements, the court
maintained, are not unduly burdensome under Zauderer be-
cause the platforms needed only to "scale up" a "complaint-
and-appeal process" they already used. 49 F. 4th, at 487.
 Cite as: (2024) 723

Opinion of the Court

We granted certiorari to resolve the split between the
Fifth and Eleventh Circuits. 600 U. S. -- -- -- (2023).

II
NetChoice chose to litigate these cases as facial challenges,
and that decision comes at a cost. For a host of good rea-
sons, courts usually handle constitutional claims case by case,
not en masse. See Washington State Grange v. Washing-
ton State Republican Party, -- 451 (2008).
"Claims of facial invalidity often rest on speculation" about
the law's coverage and its future enforcement. Id., at 450.
And "facial challenges threaten to short circuit the demo-
cratic process" by preventing duly enacted laws from being
implemented in constitutional ways. Id., at 451. This
Court has therefore made facial challenges hard to win.
That is true even when a facial suit is based on the First
Amendment, although then a different standard applies. In
Page Proof Pending Publication
other cases, a plaintiff cannot succeed on a facial challenge
unless he "establish[es] that no set of circumstances exists
under which the [law] would be valid," or he shows that the
law lacks a "plainly legitimate sweep." United States v. Sa-
lerno, (1987); Washington State Grange,
552 U. S., at 449. In First Amendment cases, however, this
Court has lowered that very high bar. To "provide
breathing room for free expression," we have substituted a
less demanding though still rigorous standard. United
States v. Hansen, (2023). The question is
whether "a substantial number of [the law's] applications are
unconstitutional, judged in relation to the statute's plainly
legitimate sweep." Americans for Prosperity Foundation
v. Bonta, (2021); see Hansen, 599 U. S., at
770 (likewise asking whether the law "prohibits a substantial
amount of protected speech relative to its plainly legitimate
sweep"). So in this singular context, even a law with "a
plainly legitimate sweep" may be struck down in its entirety.
724 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

But that is so only if the law's unconstitutional applications
substantially outweigh its constitutional ones.
So far in these cases, no one has paid much attention to
that issue. In the lower courts, NetChoice and the States
alike treated the laws as having certain heartland applica-
tions, and mostly confned their battle to that terrain. More
specifcally, the focus was on how the laws applied to the
content-moderation practices that giant social-media plat-
forms use on their best-known services to flter, alter, or
label their users' posts. Or more specifcally still, the focus
was on how the laws applied to Facebook's News Feed and
YouTube's homepage. Refecting the parties' arguments,
the Eleventh and Fifth Circuits also mostly confned their
analysis in that way. See 34 F. 4th, at 1210, 1213 (consider-
ing "platforms like Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and TikTok"
and content moderation in "viewers' feeds"); 49 F. 4th, at
445, 460, 478, 492 (considering platforms "such as Facebook,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Twitter, and YouTube" and referencing users' feeds); see also
id., at 501 (Southwick, J., concurring in part and dissenting in
part) (analyzing a curated feed). On their way to opposing
conclusions, they concentrated on the same issue: whether a
state law can regulate the content-moderation practices used
in Facebook's News Feed (or near equivalents). They did
not address the full range of activities the laws cover, and
measure the constitutional against the unconstitutional ap-
plications. In short, they treated these cases more like as-
applied claims than like facial ones.
The frst step in the proper facial analysis is to assess the
state laws' scope. What activities, by what actors, do the
laws prohibit or otherwise regulate? The laws of course dif-
fer one from the other. But both, at least on their face, ap-
pear to apply beyond Facebook's News Feed and its ilk.
Members of this Court asked some of the relevant questions
at oral argument. Starting with Facebook and the other
giants: To what extent, if at all, do the laws affect their other
services, like direct messaging or events management? See
 Cite as: (2024) 725

Opinion of the Court

Tr. of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 555, pp. 62 -- 63; Tr. of Oral Arg. in
No. 22 -- 277, pp. 24 -- 25; App. in No. 22 -- 277, pp. 129, 159. And
beyond those social-media entities, what do the laws have to
say, if anything, about how an email provider like Gmail fl-
ters incoming messages, how an online marketplace like Etsy
displays customer reviews, how a payment service like
Venmo manages friends' fnancial exchanges, or how a ride-
sharing service like Uber runs? See Tr. of Oral Arg. in No.
22 -- 277, at 74 -- 79, 95 -- 98; see also id., at 153 (Solicitor General)
("I have some sympathy [for the Court] here. In prepara-
tion for this argument, I've been working with my team
to say, does this even cover direct messaging? Does this
even cover Gmail?"). Those are examples only. The on-
line world is variegated and complex, encompassing an ever-
growing number of apps, services, functionalities, and meth-
ods for communication and connection. Each might (or
might not) have to change because of the provisions, as to
Page Proof Pending Publication
either content moderation or individualized explanation, in
Florida's or Texas's law. Before a court can do anything else
with these facial challenges, it must address that set of
issues -- in short, must "determine what [the law] covers."
Hansen, 599 U. S., at 770.
The next order of business is to decide which of the laws'
applications violate the First Amendment, and to measure
them against the rest. For the content-moderation provi-
sions, that means asking, as to every covered platform
or function, whether there is an intrusion on protected edi-
torial discretion. See in fra, at 727 -- 733. And for the
individualized-explanation provisions, it means asking, again
as to each thing covered, whether the required disclosures
unduly burden expression. See Zauderer, 471 U. S., at 651.
Even on a preliminary record, it is not hard to see how the
answers might differ as between regulation of Facebook's
News Feed (considered in the courts below) and, say, its di-
rect messaging service (not so considered). Curating a feed
and transmitting direct messages, one might think, involve
726 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

different levels of editorial choice, so that the one creates an
expressive product and the other does not. If so, regulation
of those diverse activities could well fall on different sides
of the constitutional line. To decide the facial challenges
here, the courts below must explore the laws' full range of
applications -- the constitutionally impermissible and permis-
sible both -- and compare the two sets. Maybe the parties
treated the content-moderation choices refected in Face-
book's News Feed and YouTube's homepage as the laws'
heartland applications because they are the principal things
regulated, and should have just that weight in the facial
analysis. Or maybe not: Maybe the parties' focus had all to
do with litigation strategy, and there is a sphere of other
applications -- and constitutional ones -- that would prevent
the laws' facial invalidation.
The problem for this Court is that it cannot undertake the
needed inquiries. "[W]e are a court of review, not of frst
view." Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005).
Page Proof Pending Publication
Neither the Eleventh Circuit nor the Fifth Circuit performed
the facial analysis in the way just described. And even
were we to ignore the value of other courts going frst, we
could not proceed very far. The parties have not briefed
the critical issues here, and the record is underdeveloped.
So we vacate the decisions below and remand these cases.
That will enable the lower courts to consider the scope of
the laws' applications, and weigh the unconstitutional as
against the constitutional ones.

III
But it is necessary to say more about how the First
Amendment relates to the laws' content-moderation provi-
sions, to ensure that the facial analysis proceeds on the right
path in the courts below. That need is especially stark for
the Fifth Circuit. Recall that it held that the content
choices the major platforms make for their main feeds are
"not speech" at all, so States may regulate them free of the
 Cite as: (2024) 727

Opinion of the Court

First Amendment's restraints. 49 F. 4th, at 494; see supra,
at 722. And even if those activities were expressive, the
court held, Texas's interest in better balancing the market-
place of ideas would satisfy First Amendment scrutiny. See
49 F. 4th, at 482. If we said nothing about those views, the
court presumably would repeat them when it next considers
NetChoice's challenge. It would thus fnd that signifcant
applications of the Texas law -- and so signifcant inputs into
the appropriate facial analysis -- raise no First Amendment
diffculties. But that conclusion would rest on a serious mis-
understanding of First Amendment precedent and principle.
The Fifth Circuit was wrong in concluding that Texas's re-
strictions on the platforms' selection, ordering, and labeling
of third-party posts do not interfere with expression. And
the court was wrong to treat as valid Texas's interest in
changing the content of the platforms' feeds. Explaining
why that is so will prevent the Fifth Circuit from repeating
its errors as to Facebook's and YouTube's main feeds. (And
Page Proof Pending Publication
our analysis of Texas's law may also aid the Eleventh Circuit,
which saw the First Amendment issues much as we do, when
next considering NetChoice's facial challenge.) But a ca-
veat: Nothing said here addresses any of the laws' other ap-
plications, which may or may not share the First Amend-
ment problems described below.3
A
Despite the relative novelty of the technology before us,
the main problem in this case -- and the inquiry it calls for -- 
3
Although the discussion below focuses on Texas's content-moderation
provisions, it also bears on how the lower courts should address the
individualized-explanation provisions in the upcoming facial inquiry. As
noted, requirements of that kind violate the First Amendment if they un-
duly burden expressive activity. See Zauderer v. Offce of Disciplinary
Counsel of Supreme Court of Ohio, (1985); supra, at
725. So our explanation of why Facebook and YouTube are engaged in
expression when they make content-moderation choices in their main feeds
should inform the courts' further consideration of that issue.
728 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

is not new. At bottom, Texas's law requires the platforms
to carry and promote user speech that they would rather
discard or downplay. The platforms object that the law thus
forces them to alter the content of their expression -- a par-
ticular edited compilation of third-party speech. See Brief
for NetChoice in No. 22 -- 555, pp. 18 -- 34. That controversy
sounds a familiar note. We have repeatedly faced the ques-
tion whether ordering a party to provide a forum for some-
one else's views implicates the First Amendment. And we
have repeatedly held that it does so if, though only if, the
regulated party is engaged in its own expressive activity,
which the mandated access would alter or disrupt. So too
we have held, when applying that principle, that expressive
activity includes presenting a curated compilation of speech
originally created by others. A review of the relevant prec-
edents will help resolve the question here.
The seminal case is Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tor-
Page Proof Pending Publication
nillo, (1974). There, a Florida law required a
newspaper to give a political candidate a right to reply when
it published "criticism and attacks on his record." Id., at
243. The Court held the law to violate the First Amend-
ment because it interfered with the newspaper's "exercise of
editorial control and judgment." Id., at 258. Forcing the
paper to print what "it would not otherwise print," the
Court explained, "intru[ded] into the function of editors."
Id., at 256, 258. For that function was, frst and foremost,
to make decisions about the "content of the paper" and "[t]he
choice of material to go into" it. Id., at 258. In protecting
that right of editorial control, the Court recognized a possi-
ble downside. It noted the access advocates' view (similar
to the States' view here) that "modern media empires" had
gained ever greater capacity to "shape" and even "manipu-
late popular opinion." Id., at 249 -- 250. And the Court ex-
pressed some sympathy with that diagnosis. See id., at 254.
But the cure proposed, it concluded, collided with the First
Amendment's antipathy to state manipulation of the speech
 Cite as: (2024) 729

Opinion of the Court

market. Florida, the Court explained, could not substitute
"governmental regulation" for the "crucial process" of edito-
rial choice. Id., at 258.
Next up was Pacifc Gas & Elec. Co. v. Public Util.
Comm'n of Cal., (1986) (PG&E), which the Court
thought to follow naturally from Tornillo. See 475 U. S., at
9 -- 12 (plurality opinion); id., at 21 (Burger, C. J., concurring).
A private utility in California regularly put a newsletter in
its billing envelopes expressing its views of energy policy.
The State directed it to include as well material from a
consumer-advocacy group giving a different perspective.
The utility objected, and the Court held again that the inter-
est in "offer[ing] the public a greater variety of views" could
not justify the regulation. Id., at 12. California was com-
pelling the utility (as Florida had compelled a newspaper)
"to carry speech with which it disagreed" and thus to "alter
its own message." Id., at 11, 16.
Page Proof Pending Publication
In Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v. FCC, 
(1994) (Turner I), the Court further underscored the consti-
tutional protection given to editorial choice. At issue were
federal "must-carry" rules, requiring cable operators to allo-
cate some of their channels to local broadcast stations. The
Court had no doubt that the First Amendment was impli-
cated, because the operators were engaging in expressive
activity. They were, the Court explained, "exercising edito-
rial discretion over which stations or programs to include
in [their] repertoire." Id., at 636. And the rules "inter-
fere[d]" with that discretion by forcing the operators to carry
stations they would not otherwise have chosen. Id., at 643 -- 
644. In a later decision, the Court ruled that the regulation
survived First Amendment review because it was necessary
to prevent the demise of local broadcasting. See Turner
Broadcasting System, Inc. v. FCC, 189 -- 
190 (1997) (Turner II); see infra, at 742,. But for pur-
poses of today's cases, the takeaway of Turner is this hold-
ing: A private party's collection of third-party content into a
730 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

single speech product (the operators' "repertoire" of pro-
gramming) is itself expressive, and intrusion into that activ-
ity must be specially justifed under the First Amendment.
The capstone of those precedents came in Hurley v. Irish-
American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston, Inc.,
(1995), when the Court considered (of all things)
a parade. The question was whether Massachusetts could
require the organizers of a St. Patrick's Day parade to admit
as a participant a gay and lesbian group seeking to convey
a message of "pride." Id., at 561. The Court held unani-
mously that the First Amendment precluded that compul-
sion. The "selection of contingents to make a parade," it
explained, is entitled to First Amendment protection, no less
than a newspaper's "presentation of an edited compilation of
[other persons'] speech." Id., at 570. And that meant the State could not tell the
parade organizers whom to include. Because "every partici-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pating unit affects the message," said the Court, ordering
the group's admittance would "alter the expressive content
of the parade." Hurley, 515 U. S., at 572 -- 573. The pa-
rade's organizers had "decided to exclude a message [they]
did not like from the communication [they] chose to make,"
and that was their decision alone. Id., at 574.
On two other occasions, the Court distinguished Tornillo
and its progeny for the fip-side reason -- because in those
cases the compelled access did not affect the complaining
party's own expression. First, in PruneYard Shopping
Center v. Robins, (1980), the Court rejected a
shopping mall's First Amendment challenge to a California
law requiring it to allow members of the public to distribute
handbills on its property. The mall owner did not claim that
he (or the mall) was engaged in any expressive activity. In-
deed, as the PG&E Court later noted, he "did not even allege
that he objected to the content of the pamphlets" passed out
at the mall. 475 U. S., at 12. Similarly, in Rumsfeld v.
Forum for Academic and Institutional Rights, Inc., 547
 Cite as: (2024) 731

Opinion of the Court

U. S. 47 (2006) (FAIR), the Court reiterated that a First
Amendment claim will not succeed when the entity objecting
to hosting third-party speech is not itself engaged in expres-
sion. The statute at issue required law schools to allow the
military to participate in on-campus recruiting. The Court
held that the schools had no First Amendment right to ex-
clude the military based on its hiring policies, because the
schools "are not speaking when they host interviews." Id.,
at 64. Or stated again, with reference to the just-described
precedents: Because a "law school's recruiting services lack
the expressive quality of a parade, a newsletter, or the edito-
rial page of a newspaper," the required "accommodation of a
military recruiter" did not "interfere with any message of
the school." Ibid.
That is a slew of individual cases, so consider three general
points to wrap up. Not coincidentally, they will fgure in
the upcoming discussion of the First Amendment problems
Page Proof Pending Publication
the statutes at issue here likely present as to Facebook's
News Feed and similar products.
First, the First Amendment offers protection when an
entity engaging in expressive activity, including compiling
and curating others' speech, is directed to accommodate mes-
sages it would prefer to exclude. "[T]he editorial function
itself is an aspect of speech." Denver Area Ed. Telecommu-
nications Consortium, Inc. v. FCC, (1996)
(plurality opinion). Or said just a bit differently: An entity
"exercis[ing] editorial discretion in the selection and presen-
tation" of content is "engage[d] in speech activity." Arkan-
sas Ed. Television Comm'n v. Forbes, 
(1998). And that is as true when the content comes from
third parties as when it does not. (Again, think of a news-
paper opinion page or, if you prefer, a parade.) Deciding on
the third-party speech that will be included in or excluded
from a compilation -- and then organizing and presenting the
included items -- is expressive activity of its own. And that
activity results in a distinctive expressive product. When
732 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

the government interferes with such editorial choices -- say,
by ordering the excluded to be included -- it alters the con-
tent of the compilation. (It creates a different opinion page
or parade, bearing a different message.) And in so doing -- 
in overriding a private party's expressive choices -- the gov-
ernment confronts the First Amendment.4
Second, none of that changes just because a compiler in-
cludes most items and excludes just a few. That was the
situation in Hurley. The St. Patrick's Day parade at issue
there was "eclectic": It included a "wide variety of patriotic,
commercial, political, moral, artistic, religious, athletic, pub-
lic service, trade union, and eleemosynary themes, as well
as conficting messages." 515 U. S., at 562. Or otherwise
said, the organizers were "rather lenient in admitting partici-
pants." Id., at 569. No matter. A "narrow, succinctly ar-
ticulable message is not a condition of constitutional protec-
tion." Ibid. It "is enough" for a compiler to exclude the
handful of messages it most "disfavor[s]." Id., at 574. Sup-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pose, for example, that the newspaper in Tornillo had
granted a right of reply to all but one candidate. It would
have made no difference; the Florida statute still could not
have altered the paper's policy. Indeed, that kind of focused
editorial choice packs a peculiarly powerful expressive
punch.
Third, the government cannot get its way just by asserting
an interest in improving, or better balancing, the market-
place of ideas. Of course, it is critically important to have a
well-functioning sphere of expression, in which citizens have
access to information from many sources. That is the whole
project of the First Amendment. And the government can

4
Of course, an entity engaged in expressive activity when performing
one function may not be when carrying out another. That is one lesson
of FAIR. The Court ruled as it did because the law schools' recruiting
services were not engaged in expression. See (2006).
The case could not have been resolved on that ground if the regulation
had affected what happened in law school classes instead.
 Cite as: (2024) 733

Opinion of the Court

take varied measures, like enforcing competition laws, to
protect that access. Cf., e. g., Turner I, 512 U. S., at 647
(protecting local broadcasting); Hurley, 515 U. S., at 577 (dis-
cussing Turner I). But in case after case, the Court has
barred the government from forcing a private speaker to
present views it wished to spurn in order to rejigger the
expressive realm. The regulations in Tornillo, PG&E, and
Hurley all were thought to promote greater diversity of ex-
pression. See supra, at 728 -- 730. They also were thought
to counteract advantages some private parties possessed in
controlling "enviable vehicle[s]" for speech. Hurley, 515
U. S., at 577. Indeed, the Tornillo Court devoted six pages
of its opinion to recounting a critique of the then-current
media environment -- in particular, the disproportionate "in-
fuen[ce]" of a few speakers -- similar to one heard today (ex-
cept about different entities). 418 U. S., at 249; see id., at
248 -- 254; supra, at 728 -- 729. It made no difference. How-
ever imperfect the private marketplace of ideas, here was a
Page Proof Pending Publication
worse proposal -- the government itself deciding when speech
was imbalanced, and then coercing speakers to provide more
of some views or less of others.

B
"[W]hatever the challenges of applying the Constitution to
ever-advancing technology, the basic principles" of the First
Amendment "do not vary." Brown v. Entertainment Mer-
chants Assn., (2011). New communica-
tions media differ from old ones in a host of ways: No one
thinks Facebook's News Feed much resembles an insert put
in a billing envelope. And similarly, today's social media
pose dangers not seen earlier: No one ever feared the effects
of newspaper opinion pages on adolescents' mental health.
But analogies to old media, even if imperfect, can be useful.
And better still as guides to decision are settled principles
about freedom of expression, including the ones just de-
scribed. Those principles have served the Nation well over
734 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

many years, even as one communications method has given
way to another. And they have much to say about the laws
at issue here. These cases, to be sure, are at an early stage;
the record is incomplete even as to the major social-media
platforms' main feeds, much less the other applications that
must now be considered. See supra, at 726. But in review-
ing the District Court's preliminary injunction, the Fifth
Circuit got its likelihood-of-success fnding wrong. Texas is
not likely to succeed in enforcing its law against the plat-
forms' application of their content-moderation policies to the
feeds that were the focus of the proceedings below. And
that is because of the core teaching elaborated in the above-
summarized decisions: The government may not, in supposed
pursuit of better expressive balance, alter a private speak-
er's own editorial choices about the mix of speech it wants
to convey.
Most readers are likely familiar with Facebook's News
Page Proof Pending Publication
Feed or YouTube's homepage; assuming so, feel free to skip
this paragraph (and maybe a couple more). For the uniniti-
ated, though, each of those feeds presents a user with a con-
tinually updating stream of other users' posts. For Face-
book's News Feed, any user may upload a message, whether
verbal or visual, with content running the gamut from "vaca-
tion pictures from friends" to "articles from local or national
news outlets." App. in No. 22 -- 555, at 139a. And whenever
a user signs on, Facebook delivers a personalized collection
of those stories. Similarly for YouTube. Its users upload
all manner of videos. And any person opening the website
or mobile app receives an individualized list of video
recommendations.
The key to the scheme is prioritization of content, achieved
through the use of algorithms. Of the billions of posts or
videos (plus advertisements) that could wind up on a user's
customized feed or recommendations list, only the tiniest
fraction do. The selection and ranking is most often based
 Cite as: (2024) 735

Opinion of the Court

on a user's expressed interests and past activities. But it
may also be based on more general features of the communi-
cation or its creator. Facebook's Community Standards and
YouTube's Community Guidelines detail the messages and
videos that the platforms disfavor. The platforms write al-
gorithms to implement those standards -- for example, to pre-
fer content deemed particularly trustworthy or to suppress
content viewed as deceptive (like videos promoting "conspir-
acy theor[ies]"). Id., at 113a.
Beyond rankings lie labels. The platforms may attach
"warning[s], disclaimers, or general commentary" -- for exam-
ple, informing users that certain content has "not been veri-
fed by offcial sources." Id., at 75a. Likewise, they may
use "information panels" to give users "context on content
relating to topics and news prone to misinformation, as well
as context about who submitted the content." Id., at 114a.
So, for example, YouTube identifes content submitted by
Page Proof Pending Publication
state-supported media channels, including those funded by
the Russian Government. See id., at 76a.
But sometimes, the platforms decide, providing more in-
formation is not enough; instead, removing a post is the right
course. The platforms' content-moderation policies also say
when that is so. Facebook's Standards, for example, pro-
scribe posts -- with exceptions for "newsworth[iness]" and
other "public interest value" -- in categories and subcategor-
ies including: Violence and Criminal Behavior (e. g., violence
and incitement, coordinating harm and publicizing crime,
fraud and deception); Safety (e. g., suicide and self-injury,
sexual exploitation, bullying and harassment); Objectionable
Content (e. g., hate speech, violent and graphic content);
Integrity and Authenticity (e. g., false news, manipulated
media). Id., at 412a -- 415a, 441a -- 442a. YouTube's Guide-
lines similarly target videos falling within categories like:
hate speech, violent or graphic content, child safety, and mis-
information (including about elections and vaccines). See
736 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

id., at 430a -- 432a. The platforms thus unabashedly control
the content that will appear to users, exercising authority to
remove, label or demote messages they disfavor.5
Except that Texas's law limits their power to do so. As
noted earlier, the law's central provision prohibits the large
social-media platforms (and maybe other entities6) from "cen-
sor[ing]" a "user's expression" based on its "viewpoint.".002(a)(2); see supra, at 721. The law defnes "expres-
sion" broadly, thus including pretty much anything that
might be posted. See.001(2). And it defnes "cen-
sor" to mean "block, ban, remove, deplatform, demonetize,
de-boost, restrict, deny equal access or visibility to, or other-
wise discriminate against expression.".001(1). 7
That is a long list of verbs, but it comes down to this: The
platforms cannot do any of the things they typically do (on
their main feeds) to posts they disapprove -- cannot demote,
label, or remove them -- whenever the action is based on the
Page
5
Proof Pending Publication
We therefore do not deal here with feeds whose algorithms respond
solely to how users act online -- giving them the content they appear to
want, without any regard to independent content standards. See post, at
746 (Barrett, J., concurring). Like them or loathe them, the Community
Standards and Community Guidelines make a wealth of user-agnostic
judgments about what kinds of speech, including what viewpoints, are not
worthy of promotion. And those judgments show up in Facebook's and
YouTube's main feeds.
6
The scope of the Texas law, a matter crucial to the facial inquiry, is
unsettled, as previously discussed. See supra, at 724 -- 725. The Texas
solicitor general at oral argument stated that he understood the law to
cover Facebook and YouTube, but "d[id]n't know" whether it also covered
other platforms and applications. Tr. of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 555, pp. 61 -- 62.
7
In addition to barring "censor[ship]" of "expression," the law bars "cen-
sor[ship]" of people. More specifcally, it prohibits taking the designated
"censor[ial]" actions against any "user" based on his "viewpoint," regard-
less of whether that "viewpoint is expressed on a social media platform.".002(a)(1), (b); see supra, at 721. Because the Fifth Circuit did not
focus on that provision, instead confning its analysis to the law's ban on
"censor[ing]" a "user's expression" on the platform, we do the same.
 Cite as: (2024) 737

Opinion of the Court

post's viewpoint.8 And what does that "based on viewpoint"
requirement entail? Doubtless some of the platforms'
content-moderation practices are based on characteristics of
speech other than viewpoint (e. g., on subject matter). But
if Texas's law is enforced, the platforms could not -- as they
in fact do now -- disfavor posts because they:
• support Nazi ideology;
• advocate for terrorism;
• espouse racism, Islamophobia, or anti-Semitism;
• glorify rape or other gender-based violence;
• encourage teenage suicide and self-injury;
• discourage the use of vaccines;
• advise phony treatments for diseases;
• advance false claims of election fraud.

The list could continue for a while.9 The point of it is not
Page Proof Pending Publication
that the speech environment created by Texas's law is worse
than the ones to which the major platforms aspire on their
main feeds. The point is just that Texas's law profoundly
alters the platforms' choices about the views they will, and
will not, convey.

8
The Texas solicitor general explained at oral argument that the Texas
law allows the platforms to remove "categories" of speech, so long as they
are not based on viewpoint. See Tr. of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 555, at 69 -- 70;.052 (Acceptable Use Policy). The example he gave was speech
about Al-Qaeda. Under the law, a platform could remove all posts about
Al-Qaeda, regardless of viewpoint. But it could not stop the "pro-Al-
Qaeda" speech alone; it would have to stop the "anti-Al-Qaeda" speech too.
Tr. of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 555, at 70. So again, the law, as described by
the solicitor general, prevents the platforms from disfavoring posts be-
cause they express one view of a subject.
9
Details on both the enumerated examples and similar ones are found in
Facebook's Community Standards and YouTube's Community Guidelines.
See https://transparency.meta.com/policies/community-standards; https://
support.google.com/youtube/answer/9288567.
738 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

And we have time and again held that type of regulation
to interfere with protected speech. Like the editors, cable
operators, and parade organizers this Court has previously
considered, the major social-media platforms are in the busi-
ness, when curating their feeds, of combining "multifarious
voices" to create a distinctive expressive offering. Hurley,
515 U. S., at 569. The individual messages may originate
with third parties, but the larger offering is the platform's.
It is the product of a wealth of choices about whether -- and,
if so, how -- to convey posts having a certain content or view-
point. Those choices rest on a set of beliefs about which
messages are appropriate and which are not (or which are
more appropriate and which less so). And in the aggregate
they give the feed a particular expressive quality. Consider
again an opinion page editor, as in Tornillo, who wants to
publish a variety of views, but thinks some things off-limits
(or, to change the facts, worth only a couple of column
Page Proof Pending Publication
inches). "The choice of material," the "decisions made [as
to] content," the "treatment of public issues" -- "whether fair
or unfair" -- all these "constitute the exercise of editorial con-
trol and judgment." Tornillo, 418 U. S., at 258. For a
paper, and for a platform too. And the Texas law (like Flor-
ida's earlier right-of-reply statute) targets those expressive
choices -- in particular, by forcing the major platforms to
present and promote content on their feeds that they regard
as objectionable.
That those platforms happily convey the lion's share of
posts submitted to them makes no signifcant First Amend-
ment difference. Contra, 49 F. 4th, at 459 -- 461 (arguing oth-
erwise). To begin with, Facebook and YouTube exclude (not
to mention, label or demote) lots of content from their News
Feed and homepage. The Community Standards and Com-
munity Guidelines set out in copious detail the varied kinds
of speech the platforms want no truck with. And both plat-
forms appear to put those manuals to work. In a single
quarter of 2021, Facebook removed from its News Feed more
 Cite as: (2024) 739

Opinion of the Court

than 25 million pieces of "hate speech content" and almost 9
million pieces of "bullying and harassment content." App.
in No. 22 -- 555, at 80a. Similarly, YouTube deleted in one
quarter more than 6 million videos violating its Guidelines.
See id., at 116a. And among those are the removals the
Texas law targets. What is more, this Court has already
rightly declined to focus on the ratio of rejected to accepted
content. Recall that in Hurley, the parade organizers wel-
comed pretty much everyone, excluding only those who ex-
pressed a message of gay pride. See supra, at 732. The
Court held that the organizers' "lenient" admissions policy -- 
and their resulting failure to express a "particularized mes-
sage" -- did "not forfeit" their right to reject the few mes-
sages they found harmful or offensive. 515 U. S., at 569, 574.
So too here, though the excluded viewpoints differ. That
Facebook and YouTube convey a mass of messages does not
license Texas to prohibit them from deleting posts with, say,
Page Proof Pending Publication
"hate speech" based on "sexual orientation." App. in No.
22 -- 555, at 126a, 155a; see id., at 431a. It is as much an edi-
torial choice to convey all speech except in select categories
as to convey only speech within them.
Similarly, the major social-media platforms do not lose
their First Amendment protection just because no one will
wrongly attribute to them the views in an individual post.
Contra, 49 F. 4th, at 462 (arguing otherwise). For starters,
users may well attribute to the platforms the messages that
the posts convey in toto. Those messages -- communicated
by the feeds as a whole -- derive largely from the platforms'
editorial decisions about which posts to remove, label, or de-
mote. And because that is so, the platforms may indeed
"own" the overall speech environment. In any event, this
Court has never hinged a compiler's First Amendment pro-
tection on the risk of misattribution. The Court did not
think in Turner -- and could not have thought in Tornillo or
PG&E -- that anyone would view the entity conveying the
third-party speech at issue as endorsing its content. See
740 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

Turner I, 512 U. S., at 655 ("[T]here appears little risk" of
such misattribution). Yet all those entities, the Court held,
were entitled to First Amendment protection for refusing to
carry the speech. See supra, at 728 -- 730. To be sure, the
Court noted in PruneYard and FAIR, when denying such
protection, that there was little prospect of misattribution.
See 447 U. S., at 87; 547 U. S., at 65. But the key fact in
those cases, as noted above, was that the host of the third-
party speech was not itself engaged in expression. See
supra, at 730 -- 731. The current record suggests the oppo-
site as to Facebook's News Feed and YouTube's homepage.
When the platforms use their Standards and Guidelines to
decide which third-party content those feeds will display, or
how the display will be ordered and organized, they are mak-
ing expressive choices. And because that is true, they re-
ceive First Amendment protection.

C
Page Proof Pending Publication
And once that much is decided, the interest Texas relies
on cannot sustain its law. In the usual First Amendment
case, we must decide whether to apply strict or intermediate
scrutiny. But here we need not. Even assuming that the
less stringent form of First Amendment review applies, Tex-
as's law does not pass. Under that standard, a law must
further a "substantial governmental interest" that is "unre-
lated to the suppression of free expression." United States
v. O'Brien, (1968). Many possible inter-
ests relating to social media can meet that test; nothing said
here puts regulation of NetChoice's members off-limits as to
a whole array of subjects. But the interest Texas has as-
serted cannot carry the day: It is very much related to the
suppression of free expression, and it is not valid, let alone
substantial.
Texas has never been shy, and always been consistent,
about its interest: The objective is to correct the mix of
speech that the major social-media platforms present. In
 Cite as: (2024) 741

Opinion of the Court

this Court, Texas described its law as "respond[ing]" to the
platforms' practice of "favoring certain viewpoints." Brief
for Texas 7; see id., at 27 (explaining that the platforms' "dis-
crimination" among messages "led to [the law's] enactment").
The large social-media platforms throw out (or encumber)
certain messages; Texas wants them kept in (and free from
encumbrances), because it thinks that would create a better
speech balance. The current amalgam, the State explained
in earlier briefng, was "skewed" to one side. 573 F. Supp.
3d, at 1116. And that assessment mirrored the stated views
of those who enacted the law, save that the latter had a bit
more color. The law's main sponsor explained that the
"West Coast oligarchs" who ran social-media companies were
"silenc[ing] conservative viewpoints and ideas." Ibid. The
Governor, in signing the legislation, echoed the point: The
companies were fomenting a "dangerous movement" to "si-
lence" conservatives. Id., at 1108; see id., at 1099 ("[S]ilenc-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing conservative views is un-American, it's un-Texan and it's
about to be illegal in Texas").
But a State may not interfere with private actors' speech
to advance its own vision of ideological balance. States (and
their citizens) are of course right to want an expressive
realm in which the public has access to a wide range of views.
That is, indeed, a fundamental aim of the First Amendment.
But the way the First Amendment achieves that goal is by
preventing the government from "tilt[ing] public debate in a
preferred direction." Sorrell v. IMS Health Inc., -- 579 (2011). It is not by licensing the government
to stop private actors from speaking as they wish and pre-
ferring some views over others. And that is so even when
those actors possess "enviable vehicle[s]" for expression.
Hurley, 515 U. S., at 577. In a better world, there would be
fewer inequities in speech opportunities; and the government
can take many steps to bring that world closer. But it can-
not prohibit speech to improve or better balance the speech
market. On the spectrum of dangers to free expression,
742 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

there are few greater than allowing the government to
change the speech of private actors in order to achieve its
own conception of speech nirvana. That is why we have said
in so many contexts that the government may not "restrict
the speech of some elements of our society in order to en-
hance the relative voice of others." Buckley v. Valeo, -- 49 (1976) (per curiam). That unadorned interest
is not "unrelated to the suppression of free expression," and
the government may not pursue it consistent with the First
Amendment.
The Court's decisions about editorial control, as discussed
earlier, make that point repeatedly. See supra, at 732 -- 733.
Again, the question those cases had in common was whether
the government could force a private speaker, including a
compiler and curator of third-party speech, to convey views
it disapproved. And in most of those cases, the government
defended its regulation as yielding greater balance in the
marketplace of ideas. But the Court -- in Tor nillo, in
Page Proof Pending Publication
PG&E, and again in Hurley -- held that such an interest could
not support the government's effort to alter the speaker's
own expression. "Our cases establish," the PG&E Court
wrote, "that the State cannot advance some points of view
by burdening the expression of others." 475 U. S., at 20.
So the newspaper, the public utility, the parade organizer -- 
whether acting "fair[ly] or unfair[ly]" -- could exclude the un-
wanted message, free from government interference. Tor-
nillo, 418 U. S., at 258; see United States Telecom Assn. v.
FCC, 855 F. 3d 381, 432 (CADC 2017) (Kavanaugh, J., dis-
senting from denial of rehearing en banc) ("[E]xcept in rare
circumstances, the First Amendment does not allow the Gov-
ernment to regulate the content choices of private editors
just so that the Government may enhance certain voices and
alter the content available to the citizenry").10
10
Texas claims Turner as a counter-example, but that decision offers
no help to speak of. Turner did indeed hold that the FCC's must-carry
provisions, requiring cable operators to give some of their channel space
 Cite as: (2024) 743

Opinion of the Court

The case here is no different. The interest Texas asserts
is in changing the balance of speech on the major platforms'
feeds, so that messages now excluded will be included. To
describe that interest, the State borrows language from this
Court's First Amendment cases, maintaining that it is pre-
venting "viewpoint discrimination." Brief for Texas 19; see
supra, at 740 -- 741. But the Court uses that language to say
what governments cannot do: They cannot prohibit private
actors from expressing certain views. When Texas uses
that language, it is to say what private actors cannot do:
They cannot decide for themselves what views to convey.
The innocent-sounding phrase does not redeem the prohib-
ited goal. The reason Texas is regulating the content-
moderation policies that the major platforms use for their
feeds is to change the speech that will be displayed there.
Texas does not like the way those platforms are selecting
and moderating content, and wants them to create a different
expressive product, communicating different values and pri-
Page Proof Pending Publication
orities. But under the First Amendment, that is a prefer-
ence Texas may not impose.
IV
These are facial challenges, and that matters. To succeed
on its First Amendment claim, NetChoice must show that
to local broadcast stations, passed First Amendment muster. See supra,
at 729. But the interest there advanced was not to balance expressive
content; rather, the interest was to save the local-broadcast industry, so
that it could continue to serve households without cable. That interest,
the Court explained, was "unrelated to the content of expression" dissemi-
nated by either cable or broadcast speakers. Turner I, (1994). And later, the Hurley Court again noted the difference. It
understood the Government interest in Turner as one relating to competi-
tion policy: The FCC needed to limit the cable operators' "monopolistic,"
gatekeeping position "in order to allow for the survival of broadcasters."
515 U. S., at 577. Unlike in regulating the parade -- or here in regulating
Facebook's News Feed or YouTube's homepage -- the Government's inter-
est was "not the alteration of speech." Ibid. And when that is so, the
prospects of permissible regulation are entirely different.
744 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of the Court

the law at issue (whether from Texas or from Florida) "pro-
hibits a substantial amount of protected speech relative to
its plainly legitimate sweep." Hansen, 599 U. S., at 770.
None of the parties below focused on that issue; nor did the
Fifth or Eleventh Circuits. But that choice, unanimous as
it has been, cannot now control. Even in the First Amend-
ment context, facial challenges are disfavored, and neither
parties nor courts can disregard the requisite inquiry into
how a law works in all of its applications. So on remand,
each court must evaluate the full scope of the law's coverage.
It must then decide which of the law's applications are consti-
tutionally permissible and which are not, and fnally weigh
the one against the other. The need for NetChoice to carry
its burden on those issues is the price of its decision to chal-
lenge the laws as a whole.
But there has been enough litigation already to know that
the Fifth Circuit, if it stayed the course, would get wrong at
Page Proof Pending Publication
least one signifcant input into the facial analysis. The par-
ties treated Facebook's News Feed and YouTube's homepage
as the heartland applications of the Texas law. At least on
the current record, the editorial judgments infuencing the
content of those feeds are, contrary to the Fifth Circuit's
view, protected expressive activity. And Texas may not in-
terfere with those judgments simply because it would prefer
a different mix of messages. How that matters for the req-
uisite facial analysis is for the Fifth Circuit to decide. But
it should conduct that analysis in keeping with two First
Amendment precepts. First, presenting a curated and "ed-
ited compilation of [third party] speech" is itself protected
speech. Hurley, 515 U. S., at 570. And second, a State
"cannot advance some points of view by burdening the ex-
pression of others." PG&E, 475 U. S., at 20. To give gov-
ernment that power is to enable it to control the expression
of ideas, promoting those it favors and suppressing those it
does not. And that is what the First Amendment protects
all of us from.
 Cite as: (2024) 745

Barrett, J., concurring

We accordingly vacate the judgments of the Courts of Ap-
peals for the Fifth and Eleventh Circuits and remand the
cases for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
Justice Barrett, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion, which correctly articulates and
applies our First Amendment precedent. In this respect,
the Eleventh Circuit's understanding of the First Amend-
ment's protection of editorial discretion was generally cor-
rect; the Fifth Circuit's was not.
But for the reasons the Court gives, these cases illustrate
the dangers of bringing a facial challenge. If NetChoice's
members are concerned about preserving their editorial dis-
cretion with respect to the services on which they have fo-
cused throughout this litigation -- e. g., Facebook's Newsfeed
and YouTube's homepage -- they would be better served by
Page Proof Pending Publication
bringing a First Amendment challenge as applied to those
functions. Analyzing how the First Amendment bears on
those functions is complicated enough without simultane-
ously analyzing how it bears on a platform's other
functions -- e. g., Facebook Messenger and Google Search -- 
much less to distinct platforms like Uber and Etsy. In fact,
dealing with a broad swath of varied platforms and functions
in a facial challenge strikes me as a daunting, if not impossi-
ble, task. A function qualifes for First Amendment protec-
tion only if it is inherently expressive. Hurley v. Irish-
American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston, Inc.,
(1995). Even for a prototypical social-
media feed, making this determination involves more than
meets the eye.
Consider, for instance, how platforms use algorithms to
prioritize and remove content on their feeds. Assume that
human beings decide to remove posts promoting a particular
political candidate or advocating some position on a public-
health issue. If they create an algorithm to help them iden-
746 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Barrett, J., concurring

tify and delete that content, the First Amendment protects
their exercise of editorial judgment -- even if the algorithm
does most of the deleting without a person in the loop. In
that event, the algorithm would simply implement human
beings' inherently expressive choice "to exclude a message
[they] did not like from" their speech compilation. Id., at
574.
But what if a platform's algorithm just presents automati-
cally to each user whatever the algorithm thinks the user
will like -- e. g., content similar to posts with which the user
previously engaged? See ante, at 736,. The First
Amendment implications of the Florida and Texas laws
might be different for that kind of algorithm. And what
about AI, which is rapidly evolving? What if a platform's
owners hand the reins to an AI tool and ask it simply to
remove "hateful" content? If the AI relies on large lan-
guage models to determine what is "hateful" and should be
Page Proof Pending Publication
removed, has a human being with First Amendment rights
made an inherently expressive "choice... not to propound a
particular point of view"? Hurley, 515 U. S., at 575. In
other words, technology may attenuate the connection be-
tween content-moderation actions (e. g., removing posts) and
human beings' constitutionally protected right to "decide for
[themselves] the ideas and beliefs deserving of expression,
consideration, and adherence." Turner Broadcasting Sys-
tem, Inc. v. FCC, (1994).
So the way platforms use this sort of technology might have
constitutional signifcance.
There can be other complexities too. For example, the
corporate structure and ownership of some platforms may
be relevant to the constitutional analysis. A speaker's right
to "decide `what not to say' " is "enjoyed by business corpora-
tions generally." Hurley, 515 U. S., at 573 -- 574 ). Corporations, which are composed of
human beings with First Amendment rights, possess First
 Cite as: (2024) 747

Barrett, J., concurring

Amendment rights themselves. See Citizens United v. Fed-
eral Election Comm'n, (2010); cf. Burwell
v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc., -- 707 (2014).
But foreign persons and corporations located abroad do not.
Agency for Int'l Development v. Alliance for Open Society
Int'l, Inc., -- 436 (2020). So a social-media
platform's foreign ownership and control over its content-
moderation decisions might affect whether laws overriding
those decisions trigger First Amendment scrutiny. What if
the platform's corporate leadership abroad makes the policy
decisions about the viewpoints and content the platform
will disseminate? Would it matter that the corporation
employs Americans to develop and implement content-
moderation algorithms if they do so at the direction of for-
eign executives? Courts may need to confront such questions
when applying the First Amendment to certain platforms.
These are just a few examples of questions that might
Page Proof Pending Publication
arise in litigation that more thoroughly exposes the relevant
facts about particular social-media platforms and functions.
The answers in any given case might cast doubt on -- or
might vindicate -- a social-media company's invocation of its
First Amendment rights. Regardless, the analysis is bound
to be fact intensive, and it will surely vary from function to
function and platform to platform. And in a facial challenge,
answering all of those questions isn't even the end of the
story: The court must then fnd a way to measure the uncon-
stitutional relative to the constitutional applications to deter-
mine whether the law "prohibits a substantial amount of pro-
tected speech relative to its plainly legitimate sweep."
United States v. Hansen, (2023).
A facial challenge to either of these laws likely forces a
court to bite off more than it can chew. An as-applied chal-
lenge, by contrast, would enable courts to home in on
whether and how specifc functions -- like feeds versus direct
messaging -- are inherently expressive and answer platform-
748 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Opinion of Jackson, J.

and function-specifc questions that might bear on the First
Amendment analysis. While the governing constitutional
principles are straightforward, applying them in one fell
swoop to the entire social-media universe is not.

Justice Jackson, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
These cases present a complex clash between two novel
state laws and the alleged First Amendment rights of sev-
eral of the largest social media platforms. Some things are
already clear. Not every potential action taken by a social
media company will qualify as expression protected under
the First Amendment. But not every hypothesized regula-
tion of such a company's operations will necessarily be able
to withstand the force of the First Amendment's protections
either. Beyond those broadest of statements, it is diffcult
to say much more at this time. With these records and
Page Proof Pending Publication
lower court decisions, we are not able to adequately evaluate
whether the challenged state laws are facially valid.
That is in no small part because, as all Members of the
Court acknowledge, plaintiffs bringing a facial challenge
must clear a high bar. See ante, at 723 -- 724 (majority opin-
ion); post, at 777 -- 778 (Alito, J., concurring in judgment).
The Eleventh Circuit failed to appreciate the nature of this
challenge, and the Fifth Circuit did not adequately evaluate
it. That said, I agree with Justice Barrett that the Elev-
enth Circuit at least fairly stated our First Amendment prec-
edent, whereas the Fifth Circuit did not. See ante, at 745
(concurring opinion); see also ante, at 727 -- 733 (majority opin-
ion). On remand, then, both courts will have to undertake
their legal analyses anew.
In doing so, the lower courts must address these cases at
the right level of specifcity. The question is not whether an
entire category of corporations (like social media companies)
or a particular entity (like Facebook) is generally engaged in
expression. Nor is it enough to say that a given activity
 Cite as: (2024) 749

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

(say, content moderation) for a particular service (the News
Feed, for example) seems roughly analogous to a more famil-
iar example from our precedent. Cf. Red Lion Broadcast-
ing Co. v. FCC, (1969) (positing that "differ-
ences in the characteristics of new media justify differences
in the First Amendment standards applied to them"). Even
when evaluating a broad facial challenge, courts must make
sure they carefully parse not only what entities are regu-
lated, but how the regulated activities actually function be-
fore deciding if the activity in question constitutes expres-
sion and therefore comes within the First Amendment's
ambit. See Brief for Knight First Amendment Institute at
Columbia University as Amicus Curiae 11 -- 12. Thus, fur-
ther factual development may be necessary before either of
today's challenges can be fully and fairly addressed.
In light of the high bar for facial challenges and the state
of these cases as they come to us, I would not go on to treat
either like an as-applied challenge and preview our potential
Page Proof Pending Publication
ruling on the merits. Faced with diffcult constitutional is-
sues arising in new contexts on undeveloped records, this
Court should strive to avoid deciding more than is necessary.
See Ashwander v. TVA, -- 347 (1936) (Bran-
deis, J., concurring). In my view, such restraint is war-
ranted today.

Justice Thomas, concurring in the judgment.
I agree with the Court's decision to vacate and remand
because NetChoice and the Computer and Communications
Industry Association (together, the trade associations) have
not established that Texas's H. B. 20 and Florida's S. B. 7072
are facially unconstitutional.
I cannot agree, however, with the Court's decision to opine
on certain applications of those statutes. The Court's dis-
cussion is unnecessary to its holding. See Jama v. Immi-
gration and Customs Enforcement, (2005) ("Dictum settles nothing, even in the court that utters
750 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

it"). Moreover, the Court engages in the exact type of anal-
ysis that it chastises the Courts of Appeals for performing.
It faults the Courts of Appeals for focusing on only one sub-
set of applications, rather than determining whether each
statute's "full range of applications" is constitutional. See
ante, at 724, 726. But, the Court repeats that very same
error. Out of the sea of "variegated and complex" functions
that platforms perform, ante, at 725, the Court plucks out
two (Facebook's News Feed and YouTube's homepage), and
declares that they may be protected by the First Amend-
ment. See ante, at 740 (opining on what the "current record
suggests"). The Court does so on a record that it itself de-
scribes as "incomplete" and "underdeveloped," ante, at 726,
734, and by sidestepping several pressing factual and legal
questions, see post, at 793 -- 796 (Alito, J., concurring in judg-
ment). As Justice Alito explains, the Court's approach is
both unwarranted and mistaken. See ibid.
I agree with Justice Alito's analysis and join his opinion
Page Proof Pending Publication
in full. I write separately to add two observations on the
merits and to highlight a more fundamental jurisdictional
problem. The trade associations have brought facial chal-
lenges alleging that H. B. 20 and S. B. 7072 are unconstitu-
tional in many or all of their applications. But, Article III
of the Constitution permits federal courts to exercise judicial
power only over "Cases" and "Controversies." Accordingly,
federal courts can decide whether a statute is constitutional
only as applied to the parties before them -- they lack author-
ity to deem a statute "facially" unconstitutional.

I
As Justice Alito explains, the trade associations have
failed to provide many of the basic facts necessary to evalu-
ate their challenges to H. B. 20 and S. B. 7072. See post, at
786 -- 793. I make two additional observations.
First, with respect to certain provisions of H. B. 20 and
S. B. 7072, the Court assumes that the framework outlined
 Cite as: (2024) 751

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

in Zauderer v. Offce of Disciplinary Counsel of Supreme
Court of Ohio, (1985), applies. See ante, at
725. In that case, the Court held that laws requiring the
disclosure of factual information in commercial advertising
may satisfy the First Amendment if the disclosures are "rea-
sonably related" to the Government's interest in preventing
consumer deception. 471 U. S., at 651. Because the trade
associations did not contest Zauderer's applicability before
the Eleventh Circuit and both lower courts applied its frame-
work, I agree with the Court's decision to rely upon Zaud-
erer at this stage. However, I think we should reconsider
Zauderer and its progeny. "I am skeptical of the premise
on which Zauderer rests -- that, in the commercial-speech
context, the First Amendment interests implicated by disclo-
sure requirements are substantially weaker than those at
stake when speech is actually suppressed." Milavetz, Gal-
lop & Milavetz, P. A. v. United States, 
Page Proof Pending Publication
(2010) (Thomas, J., concurring in part and concurring in
judgment).
Second, the common-carrier doctrine should continue to
guide the lower courts' examination of the trade associations'
claims on remand. See post, at 782 -- 783, and, 794 (opin-
ion of Alito, J.). "[O]ur legal system and its British prede-
cessor have long subjected certain businesses, known as
common carriers, to special regulations, including a general
requirement to serve all comers." Biden v. Knight First
Amendment Institute at Columbia Univ., -- 
904 (2021) (Thomas, J., concurring in grant of certiorari).
Moreover, "there is clear historical precedent for regulating
transportation and communications networks in a similar
manner as traditional common carriers" given their many
similarities. Id., at 904. Though they reached different
conclusions, both the Fifth Circuit and the Eleventh Circuit
appropriately strove to apply the common-carrier doctrine
in assessing the constitutionality of H. B. 20 and S. B. 7072
respectively. See 49 F. 4th 439, 469 -- 480 (CA5 2022); Net-
752 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

Choice v. Attorney Gen., Fla., 34 F. 4th 1196, 1219 -- 1222
(CA11 2022).
The common-carrier doctrine may have weighty implica-
tions for the trade associations' claims. But, the same fac-
tual barriers that preclude the Court from assessing the
trade associations' claims under our First Amendment prece-
dents also prevent us from applying the common-carrier doc-
trine in this posture. At a minimum, we would need to
pinpoint the regulated parties and specifc conduct being
regulated. On remand, however, both lower courts should
continue to consider the common-carrier doctrine.

II
The opinions in these cases detail many of the considerable
hurdles that currently preclude resolution of the trade asso-
ciations' claims. See ante, at 723 -- 724; ante, at 745 -- 747
(Barrett, J., concurring); post, at 786 -- 796 (opinion of Alito,
Page Proof Pending Publication
J.). The most signifcant problem of all, however, has yet to
be addressed: Federal courts lack authority to adjudicate the
trade associations' facial challenges.
Rather than allege that the statutes impermissibly regu-
late them, the trade associations assert that H. B. 20 and
S. B. 7072 are actually unconstitutional in most or all of their
applications. This type of challenge, called a facial chal-
lenge, is "an attack on a statute itself as opposed to a particu-
lar application." Los Angeles v. Patel, 
(2015).
Facial challenges are fundamentally at odds with Article
III. Because Article III limits federal courts' judicial power
to cases or controversies, federal courts "lac[k] the power
to pronounce that [a] statute is unconstitutional" as applied
to nonparties. Americans for Prosperity Foundation v.
Bonta, (2021) (Thomas, J., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment). Entertaining facial challenges in spite of that lim-
itation arrogates powers reserved to the political branches
 Cite as: (2024) 753

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

and disturbs the relationship between the Federal Govern-
ment and the States. The practice of adjudicating facial
challenges creates practical concerns as well. Facial chal-
lenges' dubious historical roots further confrm that the doc-
trine should have no place in our jurisprudence.

A
1
Article III empowers federal courts to exercise "judicial
Power" only over "Cases" and "Controversies." This Court
has long recognized that those terms impose substantive con-
straints on the authority of federal courts. See Muskrat v.
United States, -- 358 (1911); see also Steel
Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, 
(1998). One corollary of the case-or-controversy require-
ment is that while federal courts can judge the constitution-
ality of statutes, they may do so only to the extent necessary
Page Proof Pending Publication
to resolve the case at hand. "It is emphatically the province
and duty of the judicial department to say what the law is,"
but only because "[t]hose who apply the rule to particular
cases, must of necessity expound and interpret that rule."
Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch 137, 177 (1803); see Liver-
pool, New York & Philadelphia S. S. Co. v. Commissioners
of Emigration, (1885) ("[The Court] has no
jurisdiction to pronounce any statute... irreconcilable with
the Constitution, except as it is called upon to adjudge the
legal rights of litigants in actual controversies"). Accord-
ingly, "[e]xcept when necessary" to resolve a case or con-
troversy, "courts have no charter to review and revise leg-
islative and executive action." Summers v. Earth Island
Institute, (2009); see United States v.
Raines, -- 21 (1960).
These limitations on the power of judicial review play an
essential role in preserving our constitutional structure.
Our Constitution sets forth a "tripartite allocation of power,"
separating different types of powers across three co-equal
754 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

branches. DaimlerChrysler Corp. v. Cuno, (2006). "[E]ach
branch [is vested] with an exclusive form of power," and "no
branch can encroach upon the powers confded to the others."
Patchak v. Zinke, (2018) (plurality opinion). In the Judicial Branch's
case, it is vested with the "ultimate and supreme" power of
judicial review. Chicago & Grand Trunk R. Co. v. Wellman,
(1892). That power includes the authority
to refuse to apply a statute enacted and approved by the
other two branches of the Federal Government. But, the
power of judicial review can be wielded only in specifc cir-
cumstances and to limited ends -- to resolve cases and contro-
versies. Without that limitation, the Judiciary would have
an unchecked ability to enjoin duly enacted statutes. Re-
specting the case-or-controversy requirement is therefore
necessary to "preven[t] the Federal Judiciary from intruding
upon the powers given to the other branches, and confn[e]
Page Proof Pending Publication
the federal courts to a properly judicial role." Town of
Chester v. Laroe Estates, Inc., (2017) (in-
ternal quotation marks and alteration omitted).

2
Facial challenges conflict with Article III's case-or-
controversy requirement because they ask a federal court to
decide whether a statute might confict with the Constitution
in cases that are not before the court.
To bring a facial challenge under our precedents, a plaintiff
must ordinarily "establish that no set of circumstances exists
under which the Act would be valid." United States v. Sa-
lerno, (1987). In the First Amendment
context, we have sometimes applied an even looser standard,
called the overbreadth doctrine. The overbreadth doctrine
requires a plaintiff to establish only that a statute "prohibits
a substantial amount of protected speech," "relative to [its]
 Cite as: (2024) 755

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

plainly legitimate sweep." United States v. Williams, (2008).
Facial challenges ask courts to issue holdings that are
rarely, if ever, required to resolve a single case or contro-
versy. The only way a plaintiff gets into a federal court is
by showing that he "personally has suffered some actual or
threatened injury as a result of the putatively illegal conduct
of the defendant." Blum v. Yaretsky, 
(1982). And, the only
remedy a plaintiff should leave a federal court with is one
"limited to the inadequacy that produced the injury in fact
that the plaintiff has established." Lewis v. Casey, (1996). Accordingly, once a court decides whether
a statute can be validly enforced against the plaintiff who
challenges it, that case or controversy is resolved. Either
the court remedies the plaintiff's injury, or it determines that
the statute may be constitutionally applied to the plaintiff.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Proceeding to decide the merits of possible constitutional
challenges that could be brought by other plaintiffs is not
necessary to resolve that case. Instead, any holding with
respect to potential future plaintiffs would be "no more than
an advisory opinion -- which a federal court should never
issue at all, and especially should not issue with regard to a
constitutional question, as to which we seek to avoid even
nonadvisory opinions." Chicago v. Morales, 
(1999) (Scalia, J., dissenting) (citation omitted).
Unsurprisingly, facial challenges are at odds with doc-
trines enforcing the case-or-controversy requirement. Pur-
suant to standing doctrine, for example, a plaintiff can main-
tain a suit in a federal court -- and thus invoke judicial
power -- only if he has suffered an "injury" with a "traceable
connection" to the "complained-of conduct of the defendant."
Steel Co., 523 U. S., at 103. Facial challenges signifcantly
relax those rules. Start with the injury requirement. Fa-
cial challenges allow a plaintiff to challenge applications of a
756 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

statute that have not injured him. But see Acheson Hotels,
LLC v. Laufer, (2023) (Thomas, J., concurring
in judgment) ("To have standing, a plaintiff must assert a
violation of his [own] rights"). In fact, under our First
Amendment overbreadth doctrine, a plaintiff need not be in-
jured at all; he can challenge a statute that lawfully applies
to him so long as it would be unlawful to enforce it against
others. See United States v. Hansen, 
(2023).
Facial challenges also distort standing doctrine's redress-
ability requirement. The Court has held that a plaintiff has
standing to sue only when his "requested relief will redress
the alleged injury." Steel Co., 523 U. S., at 103. With a fa-
cial challenge, however, a plaintiff seeks to enjoin every ap-
plication of a statute -- including ones that have nothing to
do with his injury. A plaintiff can ask, "Do [I] just want
[the court] to say that this statute cannot constitutionally be
Page Proof Pending Publication
applied to [me] in this case, or do [I] want to go for broke and
try to get the statute pronounced void in all its applications?"
Morales, 527 U. S., at 77 (opinion of Scalia, J.). In this sense,
the remedy sought by a facial challenge is akin to a universal
injunction -- a practice that is itself "inconsistent with long-
standing limits on equitable relief and the power of Arti-
cle III courts." Trump v. Hawaii, (2018)
(Thomas, J., concurring); see Department of Homeland Se-
curity v. New York, -- 1182 (2020) (Gor-
such, J., concurring in grant of stay); FDA v. Alliance for
Hippocratic Medicine, (2024) (Thomas,
J., concurring).
Because deciding the constitutionality of a statute as ap-
plied to nonparties is not necessary to resolve a case or con-
troversy, it is beyond a federal court's constitutional author-
ity. Federal courts have "no power per se to review and
annul acts of Congress on the ground that they are unconsti-
tutional. That question may be considered only when the
justifcation for some direct injury suffered or threatened,
 Cite as: (2024) 757

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

presenting a justiciable issue, is made to rest upon such an
act." Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923).
Resolving facial challenges thus violates Article III.1
3
Adjudicating facial challenges also intrudes upon powers
reserved to the Legislative and Executive Branches and the
States. When a federal court decides an issue unnecessary
for resolving a case or controversy, the Judiciary assumes
authority beyond what the Constitution granted. Supra, at
753 -- 754. That necessarily alters the balance of powers:
When one branch exceeds its vested power, it becomes
stronger relative to the other branches. See Free Enter-
prise Fund v. Public Company Accounting Oversight Bd.,
(2010).
Moreover, by exceeding their Article III powers, federal
courts risk interfering with the executive and legislative
functions. Facial challenges enable federal courts to re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
view the constitutionality of a statute in many or all of its
applications -- often before the statute has even been en-
forced. In practice, this provides federal courts a "general
veto power... upon the legislation of Congress." Muskrat,
219 U. S., at 357. But, the Judicial Branch has no such con-
stitutional role in lawmaking. When courts take on the su-
pervisory role of judging statutes in the abstract, they thus
"assume a position of authority over the governmental acts
of another and co-equal department, an authority which
plainly [they] do not possess." Mellon, 262 U. S., at 489.
1
This is not to say that federal courts can never adjudicate a constitu-
tional claim if a plaintiff styles it as a facial challenge. Whenever a plain-
tiff alleges a statute is unconstitutional in many or all of its applications,
that argument nearly always includes an allegation that the statute is
unconstitutional as applied to the plaintiff. Federal courts are free to
consider challenged statutes as applied to the plaintiff before them and
limit any relief accordingly. See generally Americans for Prosperity
Foundation v. Bonta, -- 619 (2021); id., at 621 (Thomas,
J., concurring in part and concurring in judgment).
758 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

Comparing the effects of as-applied challenges and facial
challenges makes this point clear. With an as-applied chal-
lenge, the Judiciary intrudes only as much as necessary on
the will " `of the elected representatives of the people.' "
Washington State Grange v. Washington State Republican
Party, (2008). Assuming a court adheres
to traditional remedial limits, a successful as-applied chal-
lenge only prevents application of the statute against that
plaintiff. The Executive Branch remains free to enforce the
statute in all of its other applications. And, the court's deci-
sion provides some notice to the political branches, enabling
the Executive Branch to tailor future enforcement of the
statute to avoid violating the Constitution or Congress to
amend the statute.
Facial challenges, however, force the Judiciary to take a
maximalist approach. A single plaintiff can immediately
call upon a federal court to declare an entire statute uncon-
Page Proof Pending Publication
stitutional, even before it has been applied to him. The po-
litical branches have no opportunity to correct course, mak-
ing legislation an all-or-nothing proposition. The end result
is that "the democratic process" is "short circuit[ed]" and
"laws embodying the will of the people [are prevented] from
being implemented in a manner consistent with the Constitu-
tion." Ibid.
In a similar vein, facial challenges distort the relationship
between the Federal Government and the States. The Con-
stitution "establishes a system of dual sovereignty between
the States and the Federal Government." Gregory v. Ash-
croft, (1991). The States retain all powers
"not delegated" to the Federal Government and not "prohib-
ited by [the Constitution] to the States." Amdt. 10. Facial
challenges can upset this division by shifting power from the
States to the Federal Judiciary. Most obviously, when a
state law is challenged, a facial challenge prevents that State
from applying its own statute in a constitutional manner.
But, facial challenges can also force federal courts to appro-
 Cite as: (2024) 759

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

priate the role of state courts. To analyze whether a statute
is valid on its face, a court must determine the statute's
scope. If a state court has yet to determine the scope of
its statute (a common occurrence with facial challenges), the
federal court must do so in the frst instance. Facial chal-
lenges thus increase the likelihood that federal courts must
interpret novel state-law questions -- a role typically and ap-
propriately reserved for state courts.

B
In addition to their constitutional infirmities, facial
challenges also create practical problems. The case-or-
controversy requirement serves as the foundation of our ad-
versarial system. Rather than " `sit[ting] as self-directed
boards of legal inquiry and research,' " federal courts serve
as " `arbiters of legal questions presented and argued by the
parties before them.' " NASA v. Nelson, Page Proof Pending Publication
(2011) (opinion for the court by Scalia, J.)). This sys-
tem "assure[s] that the legal questions presented to the court
will be resolved... in a concrete factual context conducive
to a realistic appreciation of the consequences of judicial ac-
tion." Valley Forge Christian College v. Americans United
for Separation of Church and State, Inc., 
(1982).
Facial challenges disrupt the adversarial system and in-
crease the risk of judicial error as a result. A plaintiff rais-
ing a facial challenge need not have any direct knowledge
of how the statute applies to others. In fact, since a facial
challenge may be brought before a statute has been enforced
against anyone, a plaintiff often can only guess how the
statute operates -- even in his own case. For this reason,
"[c]laims of facial invalidity often rest on speculation," Wash-
ington State Grange, 552 U. S., at 450, and "factually bare-
bones records," Sabri v. United States, 
(2004). Federal courts are often called to give "premature
760 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

interpretations of statutes in areas where their constitu-
tional application might be cloudy." Raines, 362 U. S., at 22.
In short, facial challenges ask courts to resolve potentially
thorny constitutional questions with little factual back-
ground and briefng by a party who may not be affected by
the outcome.
C
The problems with facial challenges are particularly evi-
dent in the two cases before us. Even though the trade
associations challenge two state laws, the state actors have
been left out of the picture. State offcials had no opportu-
nity to tailor the laws' enforcement. Nor could the legisla-
tures amend the statutes before they were preliminarily
enjoined. In addition, neither set of state courts had a
chance to interpret their own State's law or "accord [that]
law a limiting construction to avoid constitutional ques-
tions." Washington State Grange, 552 U. S., at 450. In-
Page Proof Pending Publication
stead, federal courts construed these novel state laws in the
frst instance. And, they did so with little factual record to
assist them. The trade associations' reliance on our ques-
tionable associational-standing doctrine is partially to
blame.2 But, the fact that the trade associations raise facial
challenges has undeniably played a signifcant role. With

2
The trade associations do not allege that they are subject to H. B. 20
and S. B. 7072, but have brought suit to vindicate the rights of their mem-
bers. There is thus not a single party in these suits that is actually regu-
lated by the challenged statutes and can explain how specifc provisions
will infringe on their First Amendment rights. Instead, the trade associ-
ations assert their understanding of how the challenged statutes will regu-
late nonparties.
As I have recently explained, "[a]ssociational standing raises constitu-
tional concerns." See FDA v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, (2024) (concurring opinion). Associational standing appears
to confict with Article III's injury and redressability requirements in
many of the same ways as facial challenges. I have serious doubts that
either trade association has standing to vicariously assert a member's in-
jury. See id., at 400.
 Cite as: (2024) 761

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

even simple fact patterns, a court has little chance of deter-
mining whether a novel, never-before-enforced state law can
be constitutionally enforced against nonparties without re-
sorting to mere speculation. For cases such as these, where
the constitutional analysis depends on complex, fact-specifc
questions, the task becomes impossible.

D
Facial challenges are particularly suspect given their ori-
gins. They appear to be the product of two doctrines that
are themselves constitutionally questionable, vagueness and
overbreadth.
At the time of the founding, it was well understood that
federal courts could hold a statute unconstitutional only inso-
far as necessary to resolve a particular case or controversy.
See supra, at 753 -- 754. The Founders were certainly famil-
iar with alternative systems that provided for the free-foat-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing review of duly enacted statutes. For example, the New
York Constitution of 1777 created a Council of Revision, com-
posed of the Governor, Chancellor, and New York Supreme
Court. See Hansen, 599 U. S., at 786 (Thomas, J., concur-
ring). The Council of Revision could object to "any measure
of a [prospective] bill" based on "not only [its] constitutional-
ity... but also [its] policy." Id., at 787. If the Council
lodged an objection, the Legislature's only options were to
"conform to [the Council's] objections, override them by a
two-thirds vote of both Houses, or simply let the bill die."
Ibid..
In our Constitution, the Founders refused to create a coun-
cil of revision or involve the Federal Judiciary in the business
of reviewing statutes in the abstract. "Despite the support
of respected delegates... the Convention voted against cre-
ating a federal council of revision on four different occasions.
No other proposal was considered and rejected so many
times." Id., at 789 (citation omitted). Instead, the Found-
ers created a Judiciary with "only the authority to resolve
762 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

private disputes between particular parties, rather than mat-
ters affecting the general public." Ibid.. They considered judges "of all men the
most unft to have a veto on laws before their enactment."
Ibid.. Therefore, they
refused to enlist judges in the business of reviewing statutes
other than "as an issue for decision in a concrete case or
controversy." 3 Ibid.
For more than a century following the founding, the Court
generally adhered to the original understanding of the nar-
row scope of judicial review. When the Court frst discussed
the concept of judicial review in Marbury v. Madison, it
made clear that such review is limited to what is necessary
for resolving a "particular cas[e]" before a court. 1 Cranch,
at 177; see also supra, at 753 -- 754. And, in case after case
that followed Marbury, the Court reiterated that federal
courts have no authority to reach beyond the parties before
them to facially invalidate a statute.4
Page Proof Pending Publication
3
"The later history of the New York Council of Revision demonstrates
the wisdom of the Framers' decision." United States v. Hansen, (2023) (Thomas, J., concurring). The Council's ability to lodge
objections proved signifcant: "Over the course of its existence, [the Coun-
cil] returned 169 bills to the legislature; the legislature, in turn, overrode
only 51 of those vetoes and reenacted at least 26 bills with modifcations."
Ibid. The Council did not shy away from controversial or weighty mat-
ters either. It vetoed, among other things, "a bill barring those convicted
of adultery from remarrying" and a bill "declar[ing] Loyalists aliens."
Ibid. In fact, the bill authorizing the Erie Canal's construction -- "one of
the most important measures in the Nation's history -- survived the Coun-
cil's review only because Chancellor James Kent changed his deciding vote
at the last minute, seemingly on a whim." Ibid. Concerns over the
Council's "intrusive involvement in the legislative process" eventually led
to its abolition in 1820. Ibid.
4
See, e. g., Austin v. Aldermen, 7 Wall. 694, 699 (1869) (holding that the
Court could "only consider the statute in connection with the case before"
it and thus "our jurisdiction [wa]s at an end" once it "ascertained that [the
case] wrought no effect which the act forbids"); Liverpool, New York &
Philadelphia S. S. Co. v. Commissioners of Emigration, 
(1885) (the Court "has no jurisdiction to pronounce any statute... irrecon-
cilable with the Constitution, except as it is called upon to adjudge the
 Cite as: (2024) 763

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

As best I can tell, the Court's frst departure from those
principles was the development of the vagueness doctrine.
See Johnson v. United States, -- 620 (2015)
(Thomas, J., concurring in judgment) (describing history of
vagueness doctrine). Before and at the time of the found-
ing, American and English courts dealt with vague laws by
"simply refus[ing] to apply them in individual cases." Id.,
at 615. After the unfortunate rise of "substantive" due
process, however, American courts began striking down stat-
utes wholesale as "unconstitutionally indefinite." Id., at
617. This Court frst adopted that approach in 1914, see In-
ternational Harvester Co. of America v. Kentucky, and has since repeatedly used the vagueness doctrine
"to strike down democratically enacted laws" in the name of
substantive due process, Sessions v. Dimaya, (2018) (Thomas, J., dissenting); see Johnson, 576 U. S.,
at 618 -- 621 (opinion of Thomas, J.). As I have explained, I
doubt that "our practice of striking down statutes as uncon-
Page Proof Pending Publication
stitutionally vague is consistent with the original meaning of
the Due Process Clause." Dimaya, 584 U. S., at 206 (opinion
of Thomas, J.); see Johnson, 576 U. S., at 622 (opinion of
Thomas, J.).

legal rights of litigants in actual controversies"); Chicago & Grand Trunk
R. Co. v. Wellman, (1892) (explaining that judicial review
of a statute's constitutionality "is legitimate only in the last resort, and as
a necessity in the determination of real, earnest and vital controversy
between individuals"); Muskrat v. United States, (1911)
("[T]here [i]s no general veto power in the court upon the legislation of
Congress"); Yazoo & Mississippi Valley R. Co. v. Jackson Vinegar Co., (1912) (rejecting argument that statute was "void in toto,"
because the Court "must deal with the case in hand and not with imagi-
nary ones"); Dahnke-Walker Milling Co. v. Bondurant, 
(1921) ("[A] litigant can be heard to question a statute's validity only when
and so far as it is being or is about to be applied to his disadvantage");
Massachusetts v. Mellon, (1923) (Federal courts "have
no power per se to review and annul acts of Congress on the ground that
they are unconstitutional. That question may be considered only when
the justifcation for some direct injury suffered or threatened, presenting
a justiciable issue, is made to rest upon such an act").
764 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

The vagueness doctrine was the direct ancestor of one sub-
set of modern facial challenges, the overbreadth doctrine.
See United States v. Sineneng-Smith, 
(2020) (Thomas, J., concurring) (noting that the overbreadth
doctrine "developed as a result of the vagueness doctrine's
application in the First Amendment context"). In Thorn-
hill v. Alabama, (1940), the Court deemed an
antipicketing statute "invalid on its face" due to its "sweep-
ing proscription of freedom of discussion." Id., at 101 -- 106.
The Thornhill Court did so "[w]ithout considering whether
the defendant's actual conduct was entitled to First Amend-
ment protection," instead invalidating the law because it
" `swept within its ambit... activities that in ordinary cir-
cumstances constitute an exercise of freedom of speech or of
the press.' " Sineneng-Smith, 590 U. S., at 383 (opinion of
Thomas, J.).
Thornhill's approach quickly gained traction in the First
Page Proof Pending Publication
Amendment context. In the years to follow, the Court "in-
voked [its] rationale to facially invalidate a wide range of
laws" concerning First Amendment rights -- a practice that
became known as the overbreadth doctrine. Sineneng-
Smith, 590 U. S., at 383. Under that doctrine, a court can
invalidate a statute if it "prohibits a substantial amount of
protected speech," "relative to the statute's plainly legiti-
mate sweep." 5 Williams, 553 U. S., at 292. The Court has
never attempted to ground the overbreadth doctrine "in the
text or history of the First Amendment." Sineneng-Smith,
590 U. S., at 384 (opinion of Thomas, J.). Instead, the Court
has supplied only "policy considerations and value judg-
ments." Ibid.

5
Although the Court's precedents describe an unconstitutionally over-
broad statute as facially "invalid," "federal courts have no authority to
erase a duly enacted law from the statute books." J. Mitchell, The Writ-
of-Erasure Fallacy, 104 Va. L. Rev. 933, 936 (2018); see Sineneng-Smith,
590 U. S., at 387 (opinion of Thomas, J.).
 Cite as: (2024) 765

Thomas, J., concurring in judgment

The overbreadth and vagueness doctrines' method of facial
invalidation eventually spread to other areas of law, setting
in motion our modern facial challenge doctrine. For several
decades after Thornhill, the Court continued to resist the
broad use of facial challenges. For example, in Broadrick
v. Oklahoma, (1973), the Court emphasized that
"[c]onstitutional judgments, as Mr. Chief Justice Marshall
recognized, are justifed only out of the necessity of adju-
dicating rights in particular cases between the litigants
brought before the Court." Id., at 611. In that vein, the
Court characterized "facial overbreadth adjudication [as]
an exception to our traditional rules of practice." Id.,
at 615. But, the Court eventually entertained facial chal-
lenges more broadly where a plaintiff established that "no
set of circumstances exists under which the Act would be
valid." 6 Salerno, 481 U. S., at 745. Just as with the over-
breadth doctrine, the Court has yet to explain how facial
challenges are consistent with the Constitution's text or
Page Proof Pending Publication
history.
Given how our facial challenge doctrine seems to have
developed -- with one doctrinal mistake leading to another -- 
it is no wonder that facial challenges create a host of consti-
tutional and practical issues. See supra, at 754 -- 761. Rather
than perpetuate our mistakes, the Court should end them.
"No principle is more fundamental to the judiciary's proper
role in our system of government than the constitutional lim-
itation of federal-court jurisdiction to actual cases or contro-
versies." Simon v. Eastern Ky. Welfare Rights Organiza-
tion, (1976). Because that requirement
precludes courts from judging and enjoining statutes as ap-

6
Some Members of the Court subsequently sought to apply a more le-
nient standard to all facial challenges. See Washington State Grange v.
Washington State Republican Party, (2008) (noting that
"some Members of the Court have criticized the Salerno formulation");
United States v. Stevens, (2010) (reserving the question
of which standard applies to "a typical facial attack").
766 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

plied to nonparties, the Court should discontinue the practice
of facial challenges.
* * *
The Court has recognized the problems that facial chal-
lenges pose, emphasizing that they are "disfavored," Wash-
ington State Grange, 552 U. S., at 450, and "best when infre-
quent," Sabri, 541 U. S., at 608. The Court reiterates those
sentiments today. Ante, at 723 -- 724, 743 -- 744. But, while
sidelining facial challenges provides some measure of relief,
it ignores the real problem. Because federal courts are
bound by Article III's case-or-controversy requirement,
holding a statute unconstitutional as applied to nonparties is
not simply disfavored -- it exceeds the authority granted to
federal courts. It is high time the Court reconsiders its fa-
cial challenge doctrine.

Justice Alito, with whom Justice Thomas and Justice
Gorsuch join, concurring in the judgment.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The holding in these cases is narrow: NetChoice failed to
prove that the Florida and Texas laws they challenged are
facially unconstitutional. Everything else in the opinion of
the Court is nonbinding dicta.
I agree with the bottom line of the majority's central hold-
ing. But its description of the Florida and Texas laws, as
well as the litigation that shaped the question before us,
leaves much to be desired. Its summary of our legal prece-
dents is incomplete. And its broader ambition of providing
guidance on whether one part of the Texas law is unconstitu-
tional as applied to two features of two of the many plat-
forms that it reaches -- namely, Facebook's News Feed and
YouTube's homepage -- is unnecessary and unjustifed.
But given the incompleteness of this record, there is no
need and no good reason to decide anything other than the
facial unconstitutionality question actually before us. After
all, we do not know how the platforms "moderate" their
users' content, much less whether they do so in an inherently
 Cite as: (2024) 767

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

expressive way under the First Amendment. Nevertheless,
the majority is undeterred. It inexplicably singles out a few
provisions and a couple of platforms for special treatment.
And it unrefectively assumes the truth of NetChoice's un-
supported assertion that social-media platforms -- which use
secret algorithms to review and moderate an almost unimag-
inable quantity of data today -- are just as expressive as the
newspaper editors who marked up typescripts in blue pencil
50 years ago.
These as-applied issues are important, and we may have
to decide them before too long. But these cases do not pro-
vide the proper occasion to do so. For these reasons, I am
therefore compelled to provide a more complete discussion
of those matters than is customary in an opinion that concurs
only in the judgment.
I
As the Court has recognized, social-media platforms have
Page Proof Pending Publication
become the "modern public square." Packingham v. North
Carolina, (2017). In just a few years, they
have transformed the way in which millions of Americans
communicate with family and friends, perform daily chores,
conduct business, and learn about and comment on current
events. The vast majority of Americans use social media,1
and the average person spends more than two hours a day
on various platforms.2 Young people now turn primarily to
social media to get the news,3 and for many of them, life
1
J. Gottfried, Pew Research Center, Americans' Social Media Use 3
(2024). As platforms incorporate new features and technology, the num-
ber of Americans who use social media is expected to grow. S. Dixon,
Statista, Social Media Users in the United States 2020 -- 2029
(Jan. 30, 2024), https://www.statista.com/statistics/278409/number-of-
social-network-users-in-the-united-states.
2
V. Filak, Exploring Mass Communication: Connecting With the World
of Media 210 (2024).
3
Social Media and News Fact Sheet, Pew Research Center (Nov. 15,
2023), https://www.pewresearch.org/journalism/fact-sheet/social-media-
and-news-fact-sheet.
768 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

without social media is unimaginable.4 Social media may
provide many benefts -- but not without drawbacks. For
example, some research suggests that social media are hav-
ing a devastating effect on many young people, leading to
depression, isolation, bullying, and intense pressure to en-
dorse the trend or cause of the day.5
In light of these trends, platforms and governments have
implemented measures to minimize the harms unique to the
social-media context. Social-media companies have created
user guidelines establishing the kinds of content that users
may post and the consequences of violating those guidelines,
which often include removing nonconforming posts or re-
stricting noncompliant users' access to a platform.
Such enforcement decisions can sometimes have serious
consequences. Restricting access to social media can impair
users' ability to speak to, learn from, and do business with
others. Deleting the account of an elected offcial or candi-
date for public offce may seriously impair that individual's
Page Proof Pending Publication
efforts to reach constituents or voters, as well as the ability
of voters to make a fully informed electoral choice. And
what platforms call "content moderation" of the news or user
comments on public affairs can have a substantial effect on
popular views.
Concerned that social-media platforms could abuse their
enormous power, Florida and Texas enacted laws that pro-
hibit them from disfavoring particular viewpoints and speak-
ers. See S. B. 7072, 2021 Reg. Sess., (Fla.) (fnd-
ing that "[s]ocial media platforms have unfairly censored...
Floridians"); H. B. 20, 87th Leg., Called Sess. (Tex. 2021)

4
M. Anderson, M. Faverio, & J. Gottfried, Pew Research Center, Teens,
Social Media and Technology 2023 (Dec. 11, 2023), https://www.
pewresearch.org/ internet/2023/12/11/teens-social-media-and-technology-
2023.
5
Ibid.; see also J. Twenge, J. Haidt, J. Lozano, & K. Cummins, Specifca-
tion Curve Analysis Shows That Social Media Use Is Linked to Poor Men-
tal Health, Especially Among Girls, 224 Acta Psychologica 1, 8 -- 12 (2022).
 Cite as: (2024) 769

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

(prohibiting the "censorship of... expression on social media
platforms" in Texas). Both statutes have a broad reach, and
it is impossible to determine whether they are unconstitu-
tional in all their applications without surveying those appli-
cations. The majority, however, provides only a cursory
outline of the relevant provisions of these laws and the litiga-
tion challenging their constitutionality. To remedy this de-
fciency, I will begin with a more complete summary.

A
1
I start with Florida's law, S. B. 7072, which regulates any
internet platform that does "business in the state" and has
either "annual gross revenues in excess of $100 million" or
"at least 100 million monthly individual platform participants
globally." Fla. Stat..2041(1)(g) (2023). This defnition
is broad. There is no dispute that it covers large social-
Page Proof Pending Publication
networking websites like Facebook, X, YouTube, and Insta-
gram, but it may also reach e-commerce and other non-social-
networking websites that allow users to leave reviews, ask
and answer questions, or communicate with others online.
These may include Uber, Etsy, PayPal, Yelp, Wikipedia, and
Gmail. See, e. g., Tr. of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 555, pp. 54 -- 56,
69, 76 -- 79, 155; Brief for Wikimedia Foundation as Amicus
Curiae 6; Brief for Yelp Inc. as Amicus Curiae 4,.
To prevent covered platforms from unfairly treating
Floridians, S. B. 7072 imposes the following "content-
moderation" and disclosure requirements:
Content-moderation provisions. "Content moderation"
is the gentle-sounding term used by internet platforms to
denote actions they take purportedly to ensure that user-
provided content complies with their terms of service and
"community standards." The Florida law eschews this neol-
ogism and instead uses the old-fashioned term "censorship."
To prevent platforms from discriminating against certain
views or speakers, that law requires each regulated platform
770 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

to enforce its "censorship... standards in a consistent man-
ner among its users on the platform. " Fla. Stat..2041(2)(b). The law defnes "censorship" as any action
taken to: "delete, regulate, restrict, edit, alter, [or] inhibit"
users from posting their own content; "post an addendum to
any content or material posted by a user"; or "inhibit the
ability of a user to be viewable by or to interact with another
user.".2041(1)(b).
To prevent platforms from attempting to evade this re-
striction by regularly modifying their practices, the law
prohibits platforms from changing their censorship "rules,
terms, and agreements... more than once every 30 days.".2041(2)(c). And to give Floridians more control over
how they view content on social-media websites, the law re-
quires each platform to give its users the ability to "opt out"
of its content-sorting "algorithms" and instead view posts
sequentially or chronologically..2041(2)(f).6
Although some platforms still have employees who moni-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tor and organize social-media feeds, for most platforms, "the
incredible volume of content shared each day makes human
review of each new post impossible." Brief for Developers
Alliance et al. as Amici Curiae 4. Consequently, platforms
rely heavily on algorithms to organize and censor content.
Ibid. And it is likely that they will increasingly rely on arti-
fcial intelligence (AI), a machine learning tool that arranges,
deletes, and modifes content and learns from its own choices.
In addition to barring censorship, the Florida law attempts
to prevent platforms from unfairly infuencing elections or dis-
torting public discourse. To do this, it requires platforms to
host candidates for public offce and journalistic enterprises.7

6
As relevant here, an "algorithm" is a program that platforms use to auto-
matically "censor" or "moderate" content that violates their terms or condi-
tions, to organize the results of a search query, or to display posts in a feed.
7
A "journalistic enterprise" is defned as any entity doing business in
Florida that: (1) has published more than 100,000 words online and has at
least 50,000 paid subscribers or 100,000 monthly users; (2) has published
 Cite as: (2024) 771

Alito, J., concurring in judgment.2041(2)(h), ( j). For the same reasons, the law also pro-
hibits platforms from censoring posts made by or about can-
didates for public offce..2041(2)(h).
Disclosure provisions. S. B. 7072 requires platforms to
make both general and individual disclosures about how and
when they censor the speech of Floridians. The law re-
quires platforms to publish their content-moderation stand-
ards and to inform users of any changes..2041(2)(a),
(c). And whenever a platform censors a user, S. B. 7072 re-
quires it to: (1) notify the user of the censorship decision in
writing within seven days; (2) provide "a thorough" explana-
tion of the action and how the platform became aware of the
affected content; and (3) allow the user "to access or retrieve
all of the user's information, content, material, and data for
at least 60 days.".2041(2)(d), (i), (3).
To ensure compliance with these provisions, S. B. 7072 au-
thorizes the Florida attorney general to bring civil and
administrative actions against noncomplying platforms.
Page Proof Pending Publication.2041(5). The law allows the Florida Elections Com-
mission to fne platforms that fail to host candidates for pub-
lic offce. Fla. Stat..072(3) (2023). And the law per-
mits aggrieved users to sue and recover up to $100,000 for
each violation of the content-moderation and disclosure pro-
visions, along with actual damages, equitable relief, punitive
damages, and attorney's fees..2041(6).
To protect platforms, the law provides that it "may only
be enforced to the extent not inconsistent with federal law,"
including of the Communications Decency Act of 1996..2041(9). Section 230(c)(2)(A) of that Act shields in-
ternet platforms from liability for voluntary, good-faith ef-
forts to restrict or remove content that is "obscene, lewd,

at least 100 hours of audio or video online and has at least 100 million
annual viewers; (3) operates a cable channel that produces more than 40
hours of content per week to at least 100,000 subscribers; or (4) operates
under a Federal Communications Commission broadcast license. Fla.
Stat..2041(1)(d).
772 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

lascivious, flthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise
objectionable." 47 U. S. C. (2)(A).

2
Days after S. B. 7072's enactment, NetChoice fled suit in
federal court, alleging that the new law violates the First
Amendment in all its applications.8 As a result, NetChoice
asked the District Court to enter a preliminary injunction
against any enforcement of any of its provisions before the
law took effect.
Florida defended the constitutionality of S. B. 7072. It
argued that the law's prohibition of censorship does not vio-
late the freedom of speech because the First Amendment
permits the regulation of the conduct of entities that do not
express their own views but simply provide the means for
others to communicate. See Record in No. 4:21 -- CV -- 00220
(ND Fla.), Doc. 106, p. 22 
(FAIR)). And, in any event, Florida argued that Net-
Choice's facial challenge was likely to fail at the threshold
because NetChoice had not identifed which of its members
were required to comply with the new law or how each of
its members' presentation of third-party speech expressed
that platform's own message. Record, Doc. 106, at 30, 58 -- 
59; id., Doc. 118, pp. 5, 24 -- 25. Without this information,
Florida said, it could not properly respond to NetChoice's
facial claim. Id., Doc. 122, pp. 4 -- 5. Florida requested a
"meaningful opportunity to take discovery." Tr. of Oral
Arg. in No. 22 -- 277, p. 154. NetChoice objected. Record,
Doc. 122.
8
NetChoice also argued that S. B. 7072 is preempted by 47 U. S. C.
and is unconstitutionally vague. Those arguments are not before
us because the District Court did not rule on the vagueness issue, 546
F. Supp. 3d 1082, 1095 (ND Fla. 2021), and the Eleventh Circuit declined
to reach the preemption issue, NetChoice v. Attorney Gen., Fla., 34 F. 4th
1196, 1209 (2022).
 Cite as: (2024) 773

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

Despite these arguments, the District Court enjoined S. B.
7072 in its entirety before the law could go into effect. Flor-
ida appealed, maintaining, among other things, that Net-
Choice was "unlikely to prevail on the merits of [its] facial
First Amendment challenge." Brief for Appellants in No.
21 -- 12355 (CA11), p. 37; Reply Brief in No. 21 -- 12355 (CA11),
p. 35.
With just one exception, the Eleventh Circuit affrmed.
It frst held that all the regulated platforms' decisions about
"whether, to what extent, and in what manner to dissemi-
nate third-party created content to the public" were constitu-
tionally protected expression. NetChoice v. Attorney Gen.,
Fla., 34 F. 4th 1196, 1212 (2022). Under that framing, the
court found that the moderation and individual-disclosure
provisions likely failed intermediate scrutiny, obviating the
need to determine whether strict scrutiny applied. Id., at
1227.9 But the court held that the general-disclosure provi-
sions, which require only that platforms publish their censor-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ship policies, met the intermediate-scrutiny standard set
forth in Zauderer v. Offce of Disciplinary Counsel of Su-
preme Court of Ohio, (1985). 34 F. 4th, at 1230.
The Eleventh Circuit therefore vacated the portion of the
District Court's order that enjoined the enforcement of those
general-disclosure provisions, while affrming all the rest of
the injunction. Id., at 1231.

B
1
Around the same time as the enactment of the Florida law,
Texas adopted a similar measure, H. B. 20, which covers "so-
cial media platform[s]" with more than 50 million monthly

9
See also id., at 1214 ("unless posts and users are removed randomly,
those sorts of actions necessarily convey some sort of message -- most ob-
viously, the platforms' disagreement with... certain content"); id., at 1223
("S.B. 7072's disclosure provisions implicate the First Amendment").
774 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

users in the United States. Tex. Bus. & Com. Code Ann..002(b) (West 2023). The statute defnes a " `[s]ocial
media platform' " as an "[i]nternet website or application
that is open to the public, allows a user to create an account,
and enables users to communicate with other users for the
primary purpose of posting information, comments, mes-
sages, or images.".001(l). Unlike Florida's broader
law, however, Texas's statute does not cover internet-service
providers, email providers, and websites that "consis[t] pri-
marily of news, sports, entertainment, or other information
or content that is not user generated but is preselected by
the provider.".001(1)(C)(i).
To ensure "the free exchange of ideas and information,"
H. B. 20 requires regulated platforms to abide by the follow-
ing content-moderation and disclosure requirements. Act of
Sept. 2, 2021, 87th Leg., 2d Called Sess., ch. 3.
Content-moderation provisions. H. B. 20 prevents social-
media companies from "censoring" users -- that is, acting to
Page Proof Pending Publication
"block, ban, remove, deplatform, demonetize, de-boost, re-
strict, deny equal access or visibility to, or otherwise dis-
criminate against" -- based on their viewpoint or geographic
location within Texas.10,11,12 Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code
Ann..001(1), 143A.002(a)(1) -- (3) (West Cum. Supp.
10
In general, to "deplatform" means "to remove and ban a registered
user from a mass communication medium (such as a social networking or
blogging website)." Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary (10th ed.
2024), (defining "deplatform"; some punctuation omitted), https://
unabridged.merriam-webster.com/collegiate/deplatform (unless otherwise
noted, all internet sites last accessed May 22, 2024).
11
"[D]emonetization" often refers to the act of preventing "online con-
tent from earning revenue (as from advertisements)." Ibid. (defning "de-
monetize"; some punctuation omitted), https://unabridged.merriamwebster.
com/collegiate/demonetize.
12
"Boosting on social media means [paying] a platform to amplify...
posts for more reach." C. Williams, HubSpot, Social Media Defnitions:
The Ultimate Glossary of Terms You Should Know (June 23, 2023), https://
blog.hubspot.com/marketing/social-media-terms. De-boosting thus usu-
ally refers to when platforms refuse to continue increasing a post's or
user's visibility to other users.
 Cite as: (2024) 775

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

2023). However, the law allows platforms to censor speech
that: federal law "specifcally authorize[s]" them to censor;
speech that the platform is told sexually exploits children or
survivors of sexual abuse; speech that "directly incites crimi-
nal activity or consists of specifc threats of violence targeted
against a person or group because of their race, color, disabil-
ity, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, sex or status as
a peace offcer or judge"; and speech that is otherwise unlaw-
ful or has been the subject of a user's request for removal
from his or her feed or profle..006(a) -- (b).
Disclosure provisions. Like the Florida law, H. B. 20 also
requires platforms to make general and individual disclo-
sures about their censorship practices. Specifcally, the law
obligates each platform to tell the public how it "targets,"
"promotes," and "moderates" content..051(a)(1) -- (3).
And whenever a platform censors a user, the law requires
it to inform the user why that was done..103(a)(1).13
Platforms must allow users to appeal removal decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
through "an easily accessible complaint system;" resolve
such appeals within 14 business days (unless an enumerated
exception applies); and, if the appeal is successful, provide
" the reason for the reversal.".101, 120.103(a)(2),
(a)(3)(B) -- (b), 120.104.
Users may sue any platform that violates these provisions,
as may the Texas attorney general..007(d). But un-
like the Florida law, H. B. 20 authorizes only injunctive re-
lief..007(a), 143A.008. It contains a strong sever-
ability provision, which reaches "every provision,
section, subsection, sentence, clause, phrase, or word in th[e]
Act, and every application of [its] provisions."
2
As it did in the Florida case, NetChoice sought a prelimi-
nary injunction in federal court, claiming that H. B. 20 vio-
13
Texas has represented that a brief computer-generated notifcation
to an affected user would satisfy the provision's notifcation requirement.
Brief for Respondent in No. 22 -- 555, p. 44.
776 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

lates the First Amendment in its entirety. In response,
Texas argued that because H. B. 20 regulates NetChoice's
members "in their operation as publicly accessible conduits
for the speech of others" rather than "as authors or editors"
of their own speech, NetChoice could not prevail. Record
in No. 1:21 -- CV -- 00840 (WD Tex.), Doc. 39, p. 23. But even
if the platforms might have the right to use algorithms to
censor their users' speech, the State argued, the question of
"what these algorithms are doing is a critical, and so far,
unexplained, aspect of this case." Id., at 24. This def-
ciency mattered, Texas contended, because the platforms
could succeed on their facial challenge only by showing that
"all algorithms used by the Platforms are for the purposes of
expressing viewpoints of those Platforms." Id., at 27. And
because NetChoice had not even explained what its mem-
bers' algorithms did, much less whether they did so in an
expressive way, Texas argued that NetChoice had not shown
Page Proof Pending Publication
that "all applications of H. B. 20 are unconstitutional." Ibid.;
see also id., Doc. 53, at 13 (arguing that NetChoice had failed
to show that "H. B. 20 is... unconstitutional in all its applica-
tions" because "a number" of NetChoice's members had con-
ceded that the law did "not burden or chill their speech").
To clarify these and other "threshold issues," Texas moved
for expedited discovery. Id., Doc. 20, at 1. The District
Court granted Texas's motion in part, but after one month
of discovery, it sided with NetChoice and enjoined H. B. 20
in its entirety before it could go into effect. Texas appealed,
arguing that despite the District Court's judgment to the
contrary, "[l]aws requiring commercial entities to neutrally
host speakers generally do not even implicate the First
Amendment because they do not regulate the host's speech
at all -- they regulate its conduct." Brief for Appellant in
No. 21 -- 51178 (CA5), p. 16. The State also emphasized Net-
Choice's alleged failure to show that H. B. 20 was unconstitu-
tional in even a " `substantial number of its applications,' "
the "bare minimum" showing that NetChoice needed to
 Cite as: (2024) 777

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

make to prevail on its facial challenge. E. g., Reply Brief in
No. 21 -- 51178 (CA5), p. 8 ).
A divided Fifth Circuit panel reversed, focusing primarily
on NetChoice's failure to "even try to show that HB 20 is
`unconstitutional in all of its applications.' " 49 F. 4th 439,
449 (2022) ). The
court also accepted Texas's argument that H. B. 20 "does not
regulate the Platforms' speech at all" because "the Platforms
are not `speaking' when they host other people's speech."
49 F. 4th, at 448. Finally, the court upheld the law's disclo-
sure requirements on the ground that they involve the disclo-
sure of the type of purely factual and uncontroversial infor-
mation that may be compelled under Zauderer. 49 F. 4th,
at 485.
II
Page Proof
NetChoice contends Pending
that the FloridaPublication
and Texas statutes
facially violate the First Amendment, meaning that they can-
not be applied to anyone at any time under any circum-
stances without violating the Constitution. Such challenges
are strongly disfavored. See Washington State Grange, 552
U. S., at 452. They often raise the risk of " `premature inter-
pretatio[n] of statutes' on the basis of factually barebones
records." Sabri v. United States, (2004).
They clash with the principle that courts should neither " `an-
ticipate a question of constitutional law in advance of the
necessity of deciding it' " nor " `formulate a rule of constitu-
tional law broader than is required by the precise facts to
which it is to be applied.' " Ashwander v. TVA, -- 347 (1936) (Brandeis, J., concurring). And they
"threaten to short circuit the democratic process by pre-
venting laws embodying the will of the people from being
implemented in a manner consistent with the Constitution."
Washington State Grange, 552 U. S., at 451.
778 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

Facial challenges also strain the limits of the federal
courts' constitutional authority to decide only actual "Cases"
and "Controversies." Art. III,. "[L]itigants typically
lack standing to assert the constitutional rights of third par-
ties." United States v. Hansen, (2023).
But when a court holds that a law cannot be enforced against
anyone under any circumstances, it effectively grants relief
with respect to unknown parties in disputes that have not
yet materialized.
For these reasons, we have insisted that parties mounting
facial attacks satisfy demanding requirements. In United
States v. Salerno, (1987), we held that a
facial challenger must "establish that no set of circumstances
exists under which the [law] would be valid." "While some
Members of the Court have criticized the Salerno formula-
tion," all have agreed "that a facial challenge must fail where
the statute has a ` "plainly legitimate sweep." ' " Washing-
ton State Grange, 552 U. S., at 449. In First Amendment
Page Proof Pending Publication
cases, we have sometimes phrased the requirement as an ob-
ligation to show that a law " `prohibits a substantial amount
of protected speech' " relative to its " `plainly legitimate
sweep.' " Hansen, 599 U. S., at 770; Bonta, 594 U. S., at 615;
United States v. Williams, -- 293 (2008).14
NetChoice and the Federal Government urge us not to
apply any of these demanding tests because, they say, the
States disputed only the "threshold question" whether their

14
At oral argument, NetChoice represented that "it's the plainly legiti-
mate sweep test, which is not synonymous with overbreadth," that gov-
erns these cases. See Tr. of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 277, p. 70; contra, ante,
at 723 (suggesting that the overbreadth doctrine applies to all facial chal-
lenges brought under the First Amendment, including these cases). This
representation makes sense given that the overbreadth doctrine applies
only when there is "a realistic danger that the statute itself will signif-
cantly compromise recognized First Amendment protections of parties not
before the Court." Members of City Council of Los Angeles v. Taxpayers
for Vincent, (1984). And here, NetChoice appears to
represent all -- or nearly all -- regulated parties.
 Cite as: (2024) 779

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

laws "cover expressive activity at all." Tr. of Oral Arg. in
No. 22 -- 277, at 76; see also id., at 84, 125; Tr. of Oral Arg.
in No. 22 -- 555, at 92. The Court unanimously rejects that
argument -- and for good reason.
First, the States did not "put all their eggs in [one] bas-
ket." Tr. of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 277, at 76. To be sure,
they argued that their newly enacted laws were valid in all
their applications. Ibid. Both the Federal Government
and the States almost always defend the constitutionality of
all provisions of their laws. But Florida and Texas did not
stop there. Rather, as noted above, they went on to argue
that NetChoice had failed to make the showing required for
a facial challenge.15 Therefore, the record does not support
NetChoice's attempt to use "the party presentation rules"
as grounds for blocking our consideration of the question
whether it satisfed the facial constitutionality test. Tr. of
Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 555, at 92.
Second, even if the States had not asked the lower courts
Page Proof Pending Publication
to reject NetChoice's request for blanket relief, it would have
been improper for those courts to enjoin all applications of
the challenged laws unless that test was met. "It is one
thing to allow parties to forfeit claims, defenses, or lines of
argument; it would be quite another to allow parties to stipu-
15
See Reply Brief in No. 21 -- 12355 (CA11), p. 35 ("Plaintiffs -- in their
facial challenge -- have failed to demonstrate that even a signifcant subset
of covered social media platforms engages in [expressive] conduct." See
also Brief for Appellants in No. 21 -- 12355 (CA11), p. 37 (NetChoice is "un-
likely to prevail on the merits of [its] facial First Amendment challenge");
Record in No. 4:21 -- CV -- 00220 (ND Fla.), Doc. 106, p. 30 ("Plaintiffs have
not demonstrated that their members actually [express a message]," so
there is "not a basis for sustaining Plaintiffs' facial constitutional chal-
lenge"); Reply Brief in No. 21 -- 51178 (CA5), p. 14 (arguing that NetChoice
failed "to show at a bare minimum that [S. B. 20] is unconstitutional in a
`substantial number of its applications' " )); Record in No. 1:21 -- 
CV -- 00840 (WD Tex.), Doc. 39, p. 27 (because "not all applications of H.B.
20 are unconstitutional," "Plaintiffs' delayed facial challenge [can]not
succeed").
780 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

late or bind [a court] to [the] application of an incorrect legal
standard." Gardner v. Galetka, 568 F. 3d 862, 879 (CA10
2009); see also Kairys v. Southern Pines Trucking, Inc., 75
F. 4th 153, 160 (CA3 2023) ("But parties cannot forfeit the
application of `controlling law' "); United States v. Escobar,
866 F. 3d 333, 339, (CA5 2017) (per curiam) (" `A party
cannot waive, concede, or abandon the applicable standard of
review' " )).
Represented by sophisticated counsel, NetChoice made
the deliberate choice to mount a facial challenge to both laws,
and in doing so, it obviously knew what it would have to
show in order to prevail. NetChoice decided to fght these
laws on these terms, and the Court properly holds it to
that decision.
III
I therefore turn to the question whether NetChoice estab-
Page
lished facialProof Pending
unconstitutionality, Publication
and I begin with the States'
content-moderation requirements. To show that these pro-
visions are facially invalid, NetChoice had to demonstrate
that they lack a plainly legitimate sweep under the First
Amendment. Our precedents interpreting that Amendment
provide the numerator (the number of unconstitutional appli-
cations) and denominator (the total number of possible appli-
cations) that NetChoice was required to identify in order to
make that showing. Estimating the numerator requires an
understanding of the First Amendment principles that must
be applied here, and I therefore provide a brief review of
those principles.
A
The First Amendment protects "the freedom of speech,"
and most of our cases interpreting this right have involved
government efforts to forbid, restrict, or compel a party's
own oral or written expression. Agency for Int'l Develop-
ment v. Alliance for Open Society Int'l, Inc., Cite as: (2024) 781

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

213 (2013); Wooley v. Maynard, (1977);
West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, 
(1943). Some cases, however, have involved another aspect
of the free speech right, namely, the right to "presen[t]...
an edited compilation of speech generated by other persons"
for the purpose of expressing a particular message. See
Hurley v. Ir ish-Amer ican Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual
Group of Boston, Inc., (1995). As used in
this context, the term "compilation" means any effort to
present the expression of others in some sort of organized
package. See ibid.
An example such as the famous Oxford Book of English
Poetry illustrates why a compilation may constitute expres-
sion on the part of the compiler. The editors' selection of
the poems included in this volume expresses their view about
the poets and poems that most deserve the attention of their
anticipated readers. Forcing the editors to exclude or in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
clude a poem could alter the expression that the editors wish
to convey.
Not all compilations, however, have this expressive charac-
teristic. Suppose that the head of a neighborhood group
prepares a directory consisting of contact information sub-
mitted by all the residents who want to be listed. This di-
rectory would not include any meaningful expression on the
part of the compiler.
Because not all compilers express a message of their own,
not all compilations are protected by the First Amendment.
Instead, the First Amendment protects only those compila-
tions that are "inherently expressive" in their own right,
meaning that they select and present speech created by
other persons in order "to spread [the compiler's] own mes-
sage." FAIR, 547 U. S., at 66; Pacifc Gas & Elec. Co. v.
Public Util. Comm'n of Cal., (1986) (PG&E)
(plurality opinion). If a compilation is inherently expres-
sive, then the compiler may have the right to refuse to ac-
commodate a particular speaker or message. See Hurley,
782 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

515 U. S., at 573. But if a compilation is not inherently ex-
pressive, then the government can require the compiler to
host a message or speaker because the accommodation does
not amount to compelled speech. Id., at 578 -- 581.
To show that a hosting requirement would compel speech
and thereby trigger First Amendment scrutiny, a claimant
must generally show three things.
1
First, a claimant must establish that its practice is to exer-
cise "editorial discretion in the selection and presentation"
of the content it hosts. Arkansas Ed. Television Comm'n
v. Forbes, (1998); Hurley, 515 U. S., at 574;
ante, at 728. NetChoice describes this process as content
"curation." But whatever you call it, not all compilers do
this, at least in a way that is inherently expressive. Some
may serve as "passive receptacle[s]" of third-party speech or
as "dumb pipes" 16 that merely emit what they are fed. Such
Page Proof Pending Publication
entities communicate no message of their own, and accord-
ingly, their conduct does not merit First Amendment protec-
tion.17 Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tornillo, (1974).
Determining whether an entity should be viewed as a "cu-
rator" or a "dumb pipe" may not always be easy because
16
American Broadcasting Cos. v. Aereo, Inc., (2014)
(Scalia, J., dissenting).
17
The majority states that it is irrelevant whether "a compiler includes
most items and excludes just a few." Ante, at 732. That may be true if
the compiler carefully reviews, edits, and selects a large proportion of the
items it receives. But if an entity, like some "sort of community billboard,
regularly carr[ies] the messages of third parties" instead of selecting only
those that contribute to a common theme, then this information becomes
highly relevant. PG&E, (1986) (Marshall, J., concurring in
judgment). Entities that have assumed the role of common carriers fall
into this category, for example. And the States defend portions of their
laws on the ground that at least some social-media platforms have taken
on that role. The majority brushes aside that argument without ade-
quate consideration.
 Cite as: (2024) 783

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

different aspects of an entity's operations may take different
approaches with respect to hosting third-party speech. The
typical newspaper regulates the content and presentation of
articles authored by its employees or others, PG&E, 475
U. S., at 8, but that same paper might also run nearly all the
classifed advertisements it receives, regardless of their
content and without adding any expression of its own.
Compare Tornillo, with Pittsburgh Press Co.
v. Pittsburgh Comm'n on Human Relations, (1973). These differences may be significant for First
Amendment purposes.
The same may be true for a parade organizer. For exam-
ple, the practice of a parade organizer may be to select the
groups that are admitted, but not the individuals who are
allowed to march as members of admitted groups. Hurley,
515 U. S., at 572 -- 574. In such a case, each of these practices
would have to be analyzed separately.

Page Proof Pending
2 Publication
Second, the host must use the compilation of speech to
express "some sort of collective point" -- even if only at a
fairly abstract level. Id., at 568. Thus, a parade organizer
who claims a First Amendment right to exclude certain
groups or individuals would need to show at least that the
message conveyed by the groups or individuals who are al-
lowed to march comports with the parade's theme. Id., at
560, 574. A parade comprising "unrelated segments" that
lumber along together willy-nilly would likely not express
anything at all. Id., at 576. And although "a narrow, suc-
cinctly articulable message is not a condition of constitutional
protection," compilations that organize the speech of others
in a non-expressive way (e. g., chronologically) fall "beyond the
realm of expressi[on]." Id., at 569; contra, ante, at 731 -- 732.
Our decision in PruneYard illustrates this point. In that
case, the Court held that a mall could be required to host
third-party speech (i. e., to admit individuals who wanted to
784 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

distribute handbills or solicit signatures on petitions) be-
cause the mall's admission policy did not express any mes-
sage, and because the mall was "open to the public at large."
PruneYard Shopping Center v. Robins, 87 -- 
88 (1980); 303 Creative LLC v. Elenis, 
(2023). In such circumstances, we held that the First
Amendment is not implicated merely because a host objects
to a particular message or viewpoint. See PG&E, 475 U. S.,
at 12.
3
Finally, a compiler must show that its "own message [is]
affected by the speech it [is] forced to accommodate. "
FAIR, 547 U. S., at 63. In core examples of expressive com-
pilations, such as a book containing selected articles, chap-
ters, stories, or poems, this requirement is easily satisfed.
But in other situations, it may be hard to identify any mes-
sage that would be affected by the inclusion of particular
Page Proof Pending Publication
third-party speech.
Two precedents that the majority tries to downplay, if
not forget, are illustrative. The frst is PruneYard, which
I have already discussed. The PruneYard Court rejected
the mall's First Amendment claim because "[t]he views ex-
pressed by members of the public in passing out pamphlets
or seeking signatures for a petition [were] not likely [to] be
identifed with those of the owner." 447 U. S., at 87. And
if those who perused the handbills or petitions were not
likely to make that connection, any message that the mall
owner intended to convey would not be affected.
The decision in FAIR rested on similar reasoning. In that
case, the Court did not dispute the proposition that the law
schools' refusal to host military recruiters expressed the
message that the military should admit and retain gays and
lesbians. But the Court found no First Amendment viola-
tion because, as in PruneYard, it was unlikely that the views
of the military recruiters "would be identifed with" those of
the schools themselves, and consequently, hosting the mili-
 Cite as: (2024) 785

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

tary recruiters did not "suffciently interfere with any mes-
sage of the school." 547 U. S., at 64 -- 65; contra, ante, at 739
("[T]his Court has never hinged a compiler's First Amend-
ment protection on the risk of misattribution.").18
B
A party that challenges government interference with its
curation of content cannot win without making the three-
part showing just outlined, but such a showing does not
guarantee victory. To prevail, the party must go on and
show that the challenged regulation of its curation practices
violates the applicable level of First Amendment scrutiny.
Our decision in Turner makes that clear. Although the
television cable operators in that case made the showing
needed to trigger First Amendment scrutiny, they did not
ultimately prevail on their facial challenge to the Cable Act.
After a remand and more than 18 months of additional fac-
tual development, the Court held that the law was ade-
Page Proof Pending Publication
quately tailored to serve legitimate and important gov-
ernment interests, including "promoting the widespread
dissemination of information from a multiplicity of sources."
Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v. FCC, 
(1997). Here, the States assert a similar interest in foster-
ing a free and open marketplace of ideas.19
18
To be sure, in Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v. FCC, (1994), we held that the First Amendment applied even though
there was "little risk" of misattribution in that case. But that is only
because the claimants in that case had already shown that the Cable Act
affected the quantity or reach of the messages that they communicated
through "original programming" or television programs produced by oth-
ers. Id., at 636. In cases not involv-
ing core examples of expressive compilations, such as in PruneYard and
FAIR, a compiler's First Amendment protection has very much turned on
the risk of misattribution.
19
Contrary to the majority's suggestion, ante, at 740 -- 741, this is not the
only interest that Texas asserted. Texas has also invoked its interest in
preventing platforms from discriminating against speakers who reside in
Texas or engage in certain forms of off-platform speech. Brief for Re-
786 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

C
With these standards in mind, I proceed to the question
whether the content-moderation provisions are facially valid.
For the following three reasons, NetChoice failed to meet
its burden.
1
First, NetChoice did not establish which entities the stat-
utes cover. This failure is critical because it is "impossible
to determine whether a statute reaches too far without frst
knowing what the statute covers." Williams, 553 U. S., at
293. When it sued Florida, NetChoice was reluctant to dis-
close which of its members were covered by S. B. 7072. In-
stead, it fled declarations revealing only that the law
reached "Etsy, Facebook, and YouTube." Tr. of Oral Arg.
in No. 22 -- 277, at 32. In this Court, NetChoice was a bit
more forthcoming, representing that S. B. 7072 also covers
Instagram, X, Pinterest, Reddit, Gmail, Uber, and other e-
Page Proof Pending Publication
commerce websites. Id., at 69, 76; Brief for Respondents in
No. 22 -- 277, at 7, 38, 49.20 But NetChoice has still not pro-
vided a complete list.
NetChoice was similarly reluctant to identify its affected
members in the Texas case. At frst, NetChoice "repre-
sented... that only Facebook, YouTube, and [X] are affected
by the Texas law." Brief for Appellant in No. 21 -- 51178
(CA5), at 12,. But in its brief in this Court, NetChoice
told us that H. B. 20 also regulates "some of the Internet's
most popular websites, including Facebook, Instagram, Pint-

spondent in No. 22 -- 555, at 15. The majority opinion does not mention
these features, much less the interests that Texas claims they serve.
Texas also asserts an interest in preventing common carriers from engag-
ing in " `invidious discrimination in the distribution of publicly available
goods, services, and other advantages.' " Id., at 18. These are "compel-
ling state interests of the highest order" too. Roberts v. United States
Jaycees, (1984).
20
This concession suggests that S. B. 7072 may "cover websites that
engage in primarily non-expressive conduct." Tr. of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 
277, at 34.
 Cite as: (2024) 787

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

erest, TikTok, Vimeo, X (formerly known as Twitter), and
YouTube." Brief for Petitioners in No. 22 -- 555, p. 1. And
websites such as Discord, 2 1 Reddit, 2 2 Wikipedia, 2 3 and
Yelp24 have fled amicus briefs claiming that they may be
covered by both the Texas and Florida laws.
It is a mystery how NetChoice could expect to prevail on
a facial challenge without candidly disclosing the platforms
that it thinks the challenged laws reach or the nature of
the content moderation they practice. Without such infor-
mation, we have no way of knowing whether the laws at
issue here "cover websites that engage in primarily non-
expressive conduct." Tr. of Oral Arg. in No. 22 -- 277, at 34; see
also id., at 126. For example, among other things, NetChoice
has not stated whether the challenged laws reach websites like
WhatsApp25 and Gmail,26 which carry messages instead of
curating them to create an independent speech product.
Both laws also appear to cover Reddit27 and BeReal,28 and

Page
21
Proof
Brief for Discord Inc. asPending Publication
Amicus Curiae 2, 21 -- 27. "Discord is a real
time messaging service with over 150 million active monthly users who
communicate within a huge variety of interest-based communities, or
`servers.' " Id., at 1.
22
Brief for Reddit, Inc., as Amicus Curiae 2. Reddit is an online forum
that allows its "users to establish and enforce their own rules governing
what topics are acceptable and how those topics may be discussed....
The display of content on Reddit is thus primarily driven by humans -- not
by centralized algorithms." Ibid.
23
Brief for Wikimedia Foundation as Amicus Curiae 2.
24
Brief for Yelp Inc. as Amicus Curiae 3 -- 4.
25
About WhatsApp, WhatsApp, https://whatsapp.com/about (last ac-
cessed Apr. 23, 2024).
26
Secure, Smart, and Easy To Use Email, Gmail, https://google.com/
gmail/about (last accessed Apr. 23, 2024).
27
Reddit Content Policy, Reddit, https://www.redditinc.com/policies/
content-policy (last accessed Apr. 23, 2024) (describing Reddit as a plat-
form that is run and moderated by its users).
28
BeReal, which appears to have enough monthly users to be covered
by the Texas law, allows users to share a photo with their friends once
during a randomly selected 2-minute window each day. Time To BeReal,
https://help.bereal.com/hc/en-us/articles/7350386715165-Time-to-BeReal
(last accessed Apr. 23, 2024). Twenty-four hours later, those photos dis-
788 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

websites like Parler,29 which claim to engage in little or no
content moderation at all. And Florida's law, which is even
broader than Texas's, plainly applies to e-commerce plat-
forms like Etsy that make clear in their terms of service that
they are "not a curated marketplace." 30
In First Amendment terms, this means that these laws -- 
in at least some of their applications -- appear to regulate the
kind of "passive receptacle[s]" of third-party speech that re-
ceive no First Amendment protection. Tornillo, 418 U. S.,
at 258. Given such uncertainty, it is impossible for us to
determine whether these laws have a "plainly legitimate
sweep." Williams, 553 U. S., at 292; Washington State
Grange, 552 U. S., at 449.
2
Second, NetChoice has not established what kinds of con-
tent appear on all the regulated platforms, and we cannot
determine whether these platforms create an "inherently ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pressive" compilation of third-party speech until we know
what is being compiled.
We know that social-media platforms generally allow their
users to create accounts; send direct messages through
private inboxes; post written messages, photos, and
videos; and comment on, repost, or otherwise interact with
other users' posts. And NetChoice acknowledges in fairly
general terms that its members engage in most -- though

appear. Because BeReal posts thus appear and disappear "randomly,"
even the Eleventh Circuit would agree that BeReal likely is not an expres-
sive compilation. 34 F. 4th, at 1214.
29
Community Guidelines, Parler, https://www.parler.com/community-
guidelines (May 31, 2024) ("We honor the ability of all users to freely ex-
press themselves without interference from oppressive censorship or
manipulation"). Parler probably does not have a suffcient number of
monthly users to be covered by these statutes. But it is possible that
other covered websites use a similar business model.
30
Our House Rules, Etsy, https://etsy.com/legal/prohibited (last accessed
Apr. 23, 2024).
 Cite as: (2024) 789

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

not all -- of these functions. But such generalities are
insuffcient.
For one thing, the ways in which users post, send direct
messages, or interact with content may differ in meaningful
ways from platform to platform. And NetChoice's failure to
account for these differences may be decisive. To see how,
consider X and Yelp. Both platforms allow users to post
comments and photos, but they differ in other respects.31 X
permits users to post (or "Tweet") on a broad range of topics
because its "purpose is to serve the public conversation," 32
and as a result, many elected offcials use X to communicate
with constituents. Yelp, by contrast, allows users to post
comments and pictures only for the purpose of advertising
local businesses or providing "frsthand accounts" that re-
fect their "consumer experience" with businesses.33 It does
not permit "rants about political ideologies, a business's em-
ployment practices, extraordinary circumstances, or other
matters that don't address the core of the consumer
Page Proof Pending Publication
experience." 34
As this example shows, X's content is more political than
Yelp's, and Yelp's content is more commercial than X's.
That difference may be signifcant for First Amendment pur-
poses. See Pittsburgh Press,. But NetChoice
has not developed the record on that front. Nor has it
shown what kinds of content appear across the diverse array
of regulated platforms.
Social-media platforms are diverse, and each may be
unique in potentially signifcant ways. On the present rec-
ord, we are ill-equipped to account for the many platform-

31
Yelp and X are both covered by S. B. 7072 and H. B. 20. See Brief
for Yelp Inc. as Amicus Curiae 4,.
32
The X Rules, X, https://help.x.com/en/rules-and-policies/x-rules (last
accessed Apr. 23, 2024).
33
Content Guidelines, Yelp, https://www.yelp.com/guidelines (last ac-
cessed Apr. 23, 2024).
34
Ibid.
790 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

specifc features that allow users to do things like sell or
purchase goods,35 live-stream events,36 request a ride,37 ar-
range a date,38 create a discussion forum,39 wire money to
friends,40 play a video game,41 hire an employee,42 log a run,43
or agree to watch a dog.44 The challenged laws may apply
differently to these different functions, which may present
different First Amendment issues. A court cannot invali-
date the challenged laws if it has to speculate about their
applications.
3
Third, NetChoice has not established how websites moder-
ate content. NetChoice alleges that "[c]overed websites"
generally use algorithms to organize and censor content ap-
pearing in "search results, comments, or in feeds." Brief for
Petitioners in No. 22 -- 555, at 4, 6. But at this stage and on
this record, we have no way of confrming whether all of the
regulated platforms use algorithms to organize all of their
Page Proof Pending Publication
content, much less whether these algorithms are expressive.
See Hurley, 515 U. S., at 568. Facebook and Reddit, for in-
stance, both allow their users to post about a wide range of
topics.45 But while Facebook uses algorithms to arrange

35
E. g., Facebook Marketplace, Etsy.
36
E. g., X Live, Twitch.
37
E. g., Uber, Lyft.
38
E. g., Facebook Dating, Tinder.
39
E. g., Reddit, Quora.
40
E. g., Meta Pay, Venmo, PayPal.
41
E. g., Metaverse, Discord.
42
E. g., Indeed, LinkedIn.
43
E. g., Strava.
44
E. g., Rover.
45
Community Standards, Facebook, https://transparency.meta.com/
policies/community-standards ("[Facebook] wants people to be able to talk
openly about the issues that matter to them, whether through written
comments, photos, music, or other artistic mediums"); Brief for Reddit,
Inc., as Amicus Curiae 12 ("[T]he Reddit platform as a whole accommo-
dates a wide range of communities and modes of discourse").
 Cite as: (2024) 791

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

and moderate its users' posts, Reddit asserts that its content
is moderated by Reddit users, "not by centralized algo-
rithms." Brief for Reddit, Inc., as Amicus Curiae 2. If
Reddit and other platforms entirely outsource curation to
others, they can hardly claim that their compilations express
their own views.
Perhaps recognizing this, NetChoice argues in passing
that it cannot tell us how its members moderate content be-
cause doing so would embolden "malicious actors" and di-
vulge "proprietary and closely held" information. E. g.,
Brief for Petitioners in No. 22 -- 555, at 11. But these harms
are far from inevitable. Various platforms already make
similar disclosures -- both voluntarily and to comply with the
European Union's Digital Services Act46 -- yet the sky has
not fallen. And on remand, NetChoice will have the oppor-
tunity to contest whether particular disclosures are neces-
sary and whether any relevant materials should be fled
under seal.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Various NetChoice members already disclose in broad
strokes how they use algorithms to curate content. Many
platforms claim to use algorithms to identify and remove vio-
lent, obscene, sexually explicit, and false posts that violate
their community guidelines. Brief for Developers Alliance
et al. as Amici Curiae 11. Some platforms -- like X, for in-
stance -- say they use algorithms, not for the purpose of re-
moving all nonconforming speech, but to "promot[e] counter-
speech" that "presents facts to correct misstatements" or
46
Comm'n Reg. 2022/2065, Art. 17, 2022 O. J. (L. 277) 51 -- 52. NetChoice
does not dispute the States' assertion that the regulated platforms are
required to comply with this law. Compare Brief for Petitioners in No.
22 -- 277, p. 49, with Reply Brief in No. 22 -- 277, p. 24; Tr. of Oral Arg. in No.
22 -- 555, pp. 20 -- 21. If, on remand, the States show that the platforms
have been able to comply with this law in Europe without having to forgo
"exercising editorial discretion at all," Brief for Respondents in No. 22 -- 
277, p. 40, then that might help them prove that their disclosure laws are
not "unduly burdensome" under Zauderer v. Offce of Disciplinary Coun-
sel of Supreme Court of Ohio, (1985).
792 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

"denounces hateful or dangerous speech." 47 Still others,
like Parler,48 Reddit,49 and Signal Messenger,50 say they en-
gage in little or no content moderation.
Some platforms have also disclosed that they use algo-
rithms to help their users fnd relevant content. The e-
commerce platform Etsy, for instance, uses an algorithm that
matches a user's search terms to the "attributes" that a
seller ascribes to its wares.51 Etsy's algorithm also accounts
for things like the date of the seller's listing, the proximity of
the seller and buyer, and the quality of the seller's customer-
service ratings. Ibid.
YouTube says it answers search queries based on "rele-
vance, engagement and quality" -- taking into account how
well a search query matches a video title, the kinds of videos
a particular user viewed in the past, and each creator's "ex-
pertise, authoritativeness, and trustworthiness on a given
topic." 52
These disclosures suggest that platforms can say some-
Page Proof Pending Publication
thing about their content-moderation practices without en-
abling malicious actors or disclosing proprietary information.
They also suggest that not all platforms curate all third-
party content in an inherently expressive way. Without
more information about how regulated platforms moderate
47
Our Approach to Policy Development and Enforcement Philosophy, X,
http://www.help.x.com/en/rules-and-policies/enforcement-philosophy.
48
Community Guidelines, Parler, https://www.parler.com/community-
guidelines.
49
Reddit Content Policy, Reddit, https://www.redditinc.com/policies/
content-policy.
50
Signal Terms & Privacy Policy, Signal Messenger (May 25, 2018),
https://www.signal.org/legal.
51
How Etsy Search Works, Etsy Help Center, https://help.etsy.com/hc/en-
us/articles/115015745428-How-Etsy-Search-Works?segment=selling (vis-
ited Apr. 9, 2024).
52
YouTube Search, https://www.youtube.com/ howyoutubeworks/
product-features/search (last accessed Apr. 23, 2024). Unlike many other
platforms, YouTube does not accept payment for better placement within
organic search.
 Cite as: (2024) 793

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

content, it is not possible to determine whether these laws
lack "a ` "plainly legitimate sweep." ' " Washington State
Grange, 552 U. S., at 449.
For all these reasons, NetChoice failed to establish
whether the content-moderation provisions violate the First
Amendment on their face.
D
Although the only question the Court must decide today
is whether NetChoice showed that the Florida and Texas
laws are facially unconstitutional, much of the majority opin-
ion addresses a different question: whether the Texas law's
content-moderation provisions are constitutional as applied
to two features of two platforms -- Facebook's News Feed
and YouTube's homepage. The opinion justifes this discus-
sion on the ground that the Fifth Circuit cannot apply the
facial constitutionality test without resolving that question,
see, e. g., ante, at 727, 744, but that is not necessarily true.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Especially in light of the wide reach of the Texas law, Net-
Choice may still fall far short of establishing facial unconsti-
tutionality -- even if it is assumed for the sake of argument
that the Texas law is unconstitutional as applied to Face-
book's News Feed and YouTube's homepage.53
For this reason, the majority's "guidance" on this issue
may well be superfuous. Yet superfuity is not its most
egregious flaw. The majority's discussion also rests on
wholly conclusory assumptions that lack record support.
For example, the majority paints an attractive, though sim-
plistic, picture of what Facebook's News Feed and YouTube's
homepage do behind the scenes. Taking NetChoice at its
word, the majority says that the platforms' use of algorithms
to enforce their community standards is per se expressive.
But the platforms have refused to disclose how these algo-
rithms were created and how they actually work. And the

53
This problem is even more pronounced for the Florida law, which cov-
ers more platforms and conduct than the Texas law.
794 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

majority fails to give any serious consideration to key argu-
ments pressed by the States. Most notable is the majority's
conspicuous failure to address the States' contention that
platforms like YouTube and Facebook -- which constitute the
21st century equivalent of the old "public square" -- should
be viewed as common carriers. See Biden v. Knight First
Amendment Institute at Columbia University, -- 907 (2021) (Thomas, J., concurring). Whether or
not the Court ultimately accepts that argument, it deserves
serious treatment.
Instead of seriously engaging with this and other argu-
ments, the majority rests on NetChoice's dubious assertion
that there is no constitutionally signifcant difference be-
tween what newspaper editors did more than a half-century
ago at the time of Tornillo and what Facebook and YouTube
do today.
Maybe that is right -- but maybe it is not. Before mechan-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ically accepting this analogy, perhaps we should take a
closer look.
Let's start with size. Currently, Facebook and YouTube
each produced -- on a daily basis -- more than four petabytes
(4,000,000,000,000,000 bytes) of data.54 By my calculation,
that is roughly 1.3 billion times as many bytes as there are
in an issue of the New York Times.55
No human being could possibly review even a tiny fraction
of this gigantic outpouring of speech, and it is therefore hard
to see how any shared message could be discerned. And
even if someone could view all this data and fnd such a mes-

54
Breaking Down the Numbers: How Much Data Does the World Create
Daily in 2024? Edge Delta (Mar. 11, 2024), https://www.edgedelta.com/
company/ blog/how-much-data-is-created-per-day.
55
The average issue of the New York Times, excluding ads, contains
about 150,000 words. A typical word consists of 10 to 20 bytes. There-
fore, the average issue of the New York Times contains around 3 million
bytes.
 Cite as: (2024) 795

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

sage, how likely is it that the addition of a small amount of
discordant speech would change the overall message?
Now consider how newspapers and social-media platforms
edit content. Newspaper editors are real human beings, and
when the Court decided Tornillo (the case that the majority
fnds most instructive), editors assigned articles to particular
reporters, and copyeditors went over typescript with a blue
pencil. The platforms, by contrast, play no role in selecting
the billions of texts and videos that users try to convey to
each other. And the vast bulk of the "curation" and "con-
tent moderation" carried out by platforms is not done by
human beings. Instead, algorithms remove a small fraction
of nonconforming posts post hoc and prioritize content based
on factors that the platforms have not revealed and may not
even know. After all, many of the biggest platforms are be-
ginning to use AI algorithms to help them moderate content.
And when AI algorithms make a decision, "even the re-
searchers and programmers creating them don't really un-
Page Proof Pending Publication
derstand why the models they have built make the decisions
they make." 56 Are such decisions equally expressive as
the decisions made by humans? Should we at least think
about this?
Other questions abound. Maybe we should think about
the enormous power exercised by platforms like Facebook
and YouTube as a result of "network effects." Cf. Ohio v.
American Express Co., (2018). And maybe we
should think about the unique ways in which social-media
platforms infuence public thought. To be sure, I do not sug-
gest that we should decide at this time whether the Florida
and Texas laws are constitutional as applied to Facebook's
News Feed or YouTube's homepage. My argument is just
the opposite. Such questions should be resolved in the con-
56
T. Xu, AI Makes Decisions We Don't Understand -- That's a Problem,
(July 19, 2021), https:// builtin.com/artificial-intelligence/ai-right-
explanation.
796 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

text of an as-applied challenge. But no as-applied question
is before us, and we do not have all the facts that we need
to tackle the extraneous matters reached by the majority.
Instead, when confronted with the application of a con-
stitutional requirement to new technology, we should pro-
ceed with caution. While the meaning of the Constitution
remains constant, the application of enduring principles
to new technology requires an understanding of that tech-
nology and its effects. Premature resolution of such ques-
tions creates the risk of decisions that will quickly turn
into embarrassments.
IV
Just as NetChoice failed to make the showing necessary
to demonstrate that the States' content-moderation provi-
sions are facially unconstitutional, NetChoice's facial attacks
on the individual-disclosure provisions also fell short.
Those provisions require platforms to explain to affected
Page Proof Pending Publication
users the basis of each content-censorship decision. Be-
cause these regulations provide for the disclosure of "purely
factual and uncontroversial information," they must be re-
viewed under Zauderer's framework, which requires only
that such laws be "reasonably related to the State's interest
in preventing deception of consumers" and not "unduly bur-
de[n]" speech. 471 U. S., at 651.57
For Zauderer purposes, a law is "unduly burdensome" if
it threatens to "chil[l] protected commercial speech." Ibid.
Here, NetChoice claims that these disclosures have that ef-
fect and lead platforms to "conclude that the safe course is
to... not exercis[e] editorial discretion at all" rather than
explain why they remove "millions of posts per day." Brief

57
Both lower courts reviewed these provisions under the Zauderer test.
And in the Florida case in particular, NetChoice did not contest -- and ac-
cordingly forfeited -- whether Zauderer applies here. See Brief for Ap-
pellants in No. 21 -- 12355 (CA11), at 21; Brief for Appellees in No. 21 -- 12355
(CA11), p. 44.
 Cite as: (2024) 797

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

for Respondents in No. 22 -- 277, at 39 -- 40.
Our unanimous agreement regarding NetChoice's failure
to show that a suffcient number of its members engage in
constitutionally protected expression prevents us from ac-
cepting NetChoice's argument regarding these provisions.
In the lower courts, NetChoice did not even try to show how
these disclosure provisions chill each platform's speech. In-
stead, NetChoice merely identifed one subset of one plat-
form's content that would be affected by these laws: billions
of nonconforming comments that YouTube removes each
year. 49 F. 4th, at 487; see also Brief for Appellees in No.
21 -- 12355 (CA11), p. 23. But if YouTube uses automated
processes to fag and remove these comments, it is not clear
why having to disclose the bases of those processes would
chill YouTube's speech. And even if having to explain each
removal decision would unduly burden YouTube's First
Amendment rights, the same does not necessarily follow
Page Proof Pending Publication
with regard to all of NetChoice's members.
NetChoice's failure to make this broader showing is espe-
cially problematic since NetChoice does not dispute the
States' assertion that many platforms already provide a
notice-and-appeal process for their removal decisions. In
fact, some have even advocated for such disclosure require-
ments. Before its change in ownership, the previous Chief
Executive Offcer of the platform now known as X went as
far as to say that "all companies" should be required to ex-
plain censorship decisions and "provide a straightforward
process to appeal decisions made by humans or algo-
rithms." 58 Moreover, as mentioned, many platforms are al-
ready providing similar disclosures pursuant to the Euro-
pean Union's Digital Services Act. Yet complying with that
58
Does Section 230's Sweeping Immunity Enable Big Tech Bad Behav-
ior? Hearing before the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and
Transportation, 116th Cong., 2d Sess., 2 (2020) (statement of Jack Dorsey,
CEO, Twitter, Inc.).
798 MOODY v. NETCHOICE, LLC

Alito, J., concurring in judgment

law does not appear to have unduly burdened each platform's
speech in those countries. On remand, the courts might
consider whether compliance with EU law chilled the plat-
forms' speech.
* * *
The only binding holding in these decisions is that Net-
Choice has yet to prove that the Florida and Texas laws they
challenged are facially unconstitutional. Because the major-
ity opinion ventures far beyond the question we must decide,
I concur only in the judgment.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
Page Proof Pending Publication
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 766, line 20 from bottom: "with whom Justice Thomas and Justice
Gorsuch join" is inserted into the opinion line
p. 771, line 4 from bottom: "" is replaced with ""
p. 775, line 6: "their" is inserted after "of "
p. 775, line 7: "a" is inserted after "as"
p. 783, line 11 from bottom: "comport" is replaced with "comports"